<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-021943.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-021943.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310081130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-021943
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avalon GloboCare Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001630212
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				471685128
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38728
		FILM NUMBER:		25722227

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 ROUTE 9
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-780-4400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 ROUTE 9
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			FREEHOLD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07728

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Avalon Globocare Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233696-8k_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000163021200016302122025-03-072025-03-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 7, 2025

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38728 47-1685128

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification Number)

4400 Route 9 South, Suite 3100, Freehold,
NJ07728

(Address of principal executive offices)

(732) 780-4400

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2.)

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ALBT The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Agreement and Plan of Merger

On March 7, 2025, Avalon GloboCare
Corp. (Avalon), Nexus MergerSub Limited, a business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Avalon (Merger Sub), and YOOV Group Holding Limited, a business company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands (YOOV or the Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement)
pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into YOOV, with YOOV surviving the merger and becoming a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of Avalon (the Merger). The Merger is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing
conditions.

Subject to the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each then-outstanding
share of YOOV preferred shares, par value $0.10 per share, will either automatically be converted into shares of YOOV ordinary shares,
par value $0.10 per share (the YOOV Ordinary Shares) or canceled and cease to exist in accordance with their terms. At the
Effective Time, each then-outstanding YOOV Ordinary Share (other than any shares held in treasury and Dissenting Shares (as defined in
the Merger Agreement)) will be automatically converted into a number of shares of Avalon common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Avalon Common Stock), equal to the Exchange Ratio. The Exchange Ratio will be the ratio (rounded to four decimal
places), determined as follows: if the closing price of the Avalon Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq)
on the second trading day immediately preceding the Effective Time is (x) less than or equal to $5.00, the Exchange Ratio shall be 60,000,000
divided by the Company Outstanding Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement); or (y) greater than $5.00, the Exchange Ratio shall be
54,000,000 divided by the Company Outstanding Shares.

Pursuant to the terms of
the Merger Agreement, (i) each then-outstanding share of Avalon Common Stock will remain issued and outstanding after the Effective
Time and (ii) each then-outstanding option to purchase Avalon Common Stock, whether or not vested, will remain issued and
outstanding after the Effective Time. The then-outstanding shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Avalon and Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock of Avalon will remain outstanding in accordance with their terms. Additionally, at the Effective Time,
the name of Avalon will be changed to YOOV, Inc.

In connection with the
Merger, Avalon will seek approval of its stockholders to, among other things, (i) approve the issuance of the shares of Avalon
Common Stock to be issued to YOOV shareholders in connection with the Merger pursuant to the rules of Nasdaq and (ii) amend
Avalons certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the Avalon Common Stock to the extent Avalon and YOOV
mutually agree implementing such reverse stock split is necessary to meet Nasdaqs listing requirements (collectively, the
Avalon Stockholder Matters).

Each of Avalon and YOOV
have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement, including, among other things, covenants
relating to (i) obtaining the requisite approval of its respective stockholders, (ii) non-solicitation or facilitation of any
Takeover Proposal or Superior Proposal (as each is defined in the Merger Agreement), (iii) the conduct of its respective business
during the period between the signing of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger, and (iv) Avalon filing with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and causing to become effective a registration statement on Form S-4 (the
Registration Statement) to register the shares of Avalon Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger.

Consummation of the Merger
is subject to certain closing conditions, including, among other things, (i) approval of the Avalon Stockholder Matters by the requisite
Avalon stockholders, (ii) adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated thereby, by the requisite YOOV
shareholders, (iii) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and (iv) the listing of the Avalon Common Stock issuable in connection
with the Merger on Nasdaq. Each partys obligation to consummate the Merger is also subject to other specified
customary conditions, including regarding the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party, subject to the applicable
materiality standard, and the performance in all material respects by the other party of its obligations under the Merger Agreement required
to be performed on or prior to the Effective Time.

1

The Merger Agreement contains
certain termination rights for both Avalon and YOOV, including the right to terminate the Merger Agreement at any time before the Effective
Time, whether before or after the Avalon Stockholder Matters have been approved, by mutual written consent of the parties. In addition,
the Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party if the Merger is not consummated on or before March 7, 2026 (the End
Date), provided that the End Date may be extended by either party for up to 60 days in the event that the SEC has not declared
effective the Registration Statement by the date which is 60 days prior to the End Date. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under
specified circumstances, Avalon may be required to pay YOOV a termination fee of $1.0 million; however, YOOV is not required to pay Avalon
a termination fee.

At the Effective Time, the
board of directors of Avalon (the Avalon Board) is expected to consist of seven (7) members, five (5) of whom will be designated
by YOOV and two (2) of whom will be designated by Avalon, as provided in the Merger Agreement.

Voting and Support Agreements

Concurrently with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, (i) the officers, directors and certain shareholders of YOOV (solely in their respective capacities as YOOV shareholders)
have entered into voting and support agreements with Avalon and YOOV, pursuant to which such YOOV shareholders agree, among other things
to, (a) not transfer their capital stock of YOOV, subject to certain limited exceptions and (b) vote all of their shares of capital stock
of YOOV in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and against, among other
things, any Takeover Proposals (the YOOV Voting Agreement) and (ii) the officers, directors and certain stockholders of
Avalon (solely in their respective capacities as Avalon stockholders) have entered into voting and support agreements with Avalon and
YOOV, pursuant to which such Avalon stockholders agree, among other things to, (a) not transfer their capital stock of Avalon, subject
to certain limited exceptions and (b) vote all of their shares of capital stock of Avalon in favor of, among other things, the Avalon
Stockholder Matters and against, among other things, any Takeover Proposals (the Avalon Voting Agreement).

Lock-Up Agreements

Concurrently with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, certain directors, officers and stockholders of each of Avalon and YOOV have entered into lock-up agreements
(the Lock-Up Agreement), pursuant to which, subject to specified exceptions, they have agreed not to transfer their shares
of Avalon Common Stock, during the 180-day period following the Effective Time.

The foregoing description
of the Merger Agreement, Avalon Voting Agreement, YOOV Voting Agreement and Lock-Up Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, the form of Avalon Voting Agreement, the form of YOOV Voting Agreement and the
form of Lock-Up Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.
The Merger Agreement has been attached as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors and securityholders with
information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about YOOV or Avalon or to modify or supplement
any factual disclosures about Avalon in its public reports filed with the SEC. The Merger Agreement includes representations, warranties
and covenants of YOOV, Avalon and Merger Sub made solely for the purpose of the Merger Agreement and solely for the benefit of the parties
thereto in connection with the negotiated terms of the Merger Agreement. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties
and covenants in the Merger Agreement or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or conditions of YOOV,
Avalon or any of their respective affiliates. Moreover, certain of those representations and warranties may not be accurate or complete
as of any specified date, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to SEC filings
or may have been used for purposes of allocating risk among the parties to the Merger Agreement, rather than establishing matters of fact.

2

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

Certificates of Elimination 

Avalon previously designated
(i) 15,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock), of which no
shares remain outstanding as a result of the exchange agreement entered with Wenzhao Lu on January 9, 2025 and (ii) 15,000 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, of which no shares remain outstanding as a result of the surrender of the Series B Preferred Stock in connection with
the redemption and abandonment agreement with Avalon, Avalon Laboratory Services, Inc., Laboratory Services MSO, LLC and the other parties
signatory thereto on February 26, 2025.

On March 7, 2025, Avalon filed
a Certificate of Elimination relating to each of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock (the Eliminations
of Designation) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, thereby terminating the designations of the Series A Preferred
Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock. The Eliminations of Designation were effective upon filing and eliminated from Avalons
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the Avalon Charter) all
matters set forth in the previously-filed Certificates of Designations with respect to the previously designated Series A Preferred Stock
and Series B Preferred Stock.

Bylaws Amendment

On March 7, 2025, the Avalon
Board approved and adopted an amendment (the Amendment) to Avalons Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Avalon
Bylaws). The Amendment reduces the quorum at any meeting of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law or by the Avalon
Charter or the Avalon Bylaws, to one-third of the voting power of the shares of capital stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the
meeting, present in person, present by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Eliminations of Designation and the Amendment do not purport to be complete and are qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Amendment, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 10, 2025, Avalon
and YOOV issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement. The press release and the information set forth
therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form
8-K and the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 contain forward-looking statements based upon Avalons and YOOVs
current expectations. This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are identified by terminology such as believe, may,
will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could,
should, would, project, plan, expect, goal, seek,
future, likely or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions. These statements are only
predictions. Avalon and YOOV have based these forward-looking statements largely on their then-current expectations and projections about
future events, as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond each of Avalons and YOOVs control, and actual results could
differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including but not limited to:
(i) the risk that the conditions to the closing or consummation of the proposed Merger are not satisfied, including the failure to obtain
stockholder approval for the proposed Merger; (ii) uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the proposed Merger and the ability
of each of Avalon and YOOV to consummate the transactions contemplated by the proposed Merger; (iii) risks related to Avalons and
YOOVs ability to correctly estimate their respective operating expenses and expenses associated with the proposed Merger, as applicable,
as well as uncertainties regarding the impact any delay in the closing would have on the anticipated cash resources of the resulting combined
company upon closing and other events and unanticipated spending and costs that could reduce the combined companys cash resources;
(iv) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the proposed Merger
by either Avalon or YOOV; (v) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the proposed Merger on Avalons or YOOVs business
relationships, operating results and business generally; (vi) costs related to the proposed Merger; (vii) the outcome of any legal proceedings
that may be instituted against Avalon, YOOV, or any of their respective directors or officers related to the Merger Agreement or the transactions
contemplated thereby; (vii) the ability of Avalon or YOOV to protect their respective intellectual property rights; (viii) competitive
responses to the proposed Merger; (ix) unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the proposed Merger; (x) whether the combined
business of YOOV and Avalon will be successful; (xi) legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments; and (xii) additional
risks described in the Risk Factors section of Avalons Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2023 filed with the SEC and subsequent filings made with the SEC. Additional assumptions, risks and uncertainties are described in
detail in Avalons registration statements, reports and other filings with the SEC, which are available on Avalons website,
and at www.sec.gov. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Neither Avalon nor
YOOV can assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this communication
relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, Avalon and
YOOV undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement
is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Investors should not assume that any lack of update to a previously issued
forward-looking statement constitutes a reaffirmation of that statement.

3

Additional Information about the Proposed Merger and Where to Find
It

This Current Report on Form
8-K does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities or a solicitation of any
vote or approval. This Current Report on Form 8-K relates to the proposed Merger of Avalon and YOOV. In connection with the proposed Merger,
Avalon will file a Registration Statement on Form S-4, which will include a document that serves as a prospectus and proxy statement of
Avalon (the proxy statement/prospectus), and Avalon will file other documents regarding the proposed Merger with the SEC.
No offering of securities shall be made, except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY
AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE
MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING THE PROPOSED MERGER. A definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to Avalons stockholders.
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain these documents (when available) free of charge from the SECs website at
www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and stockholders should note that Avalon communicates with investors and the public using its website
(https://www.avalon-globocare.com/), the investor relations website (https://www.avalon-globocare.com/investors) where anyone will be
able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed by Avalon with the SEC, and stockholders are urged
to read the proxy statement/prospectus and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment
decision with respect to the proposed Merger.

Participants in the Solicitation

Avalon, YOOV and their respective
directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees and certain of their respective significant stockholders
may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Avalon and YOOV stockholders in respect of the proposed Merger. Information
about Avalons directors and executive officers is available in Avalons Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2024 and subsequent filings made with the SEC. Information regarding the persons who may,
under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests,
by security holding or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the
SEC regarding the proposed Merger when they become available. Investors should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes
available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the SEC and Avalon as indicated
above.

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report on Form
8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section
10 of the Securities Act.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 7, 2025, by and among Avalon GloboCare Corp., Nexus MergerSub Limited and YOOV Group Holding Limited.

3.1 Certificate of Elimination relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 7, 2025.

3.2 Certificate of Elimination relating to the Series B Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 7, 2025.

3.3 Amendment No. 1 to the Avalon Bylaws, as adopted and approved by the Avalon Board on March 7, 2025.

10.1* Form of Avalon Voting and Support Agreement.

10.2* Form of YOOV Voting and Support Agreement.

10.3* Form of Lock-Up Agreement.

99.1 Press Release, dated March 10, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K. Avalon hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. 

Date: March 10, 2025 By: /s/ Luisa Ingargiola

Name: Luisa Ingargiola

Title: Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex2-1_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED MARCH 7, 2025, BY AND AMONG AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP., NEXUS MERGERSUB LIMITED AND YOOV GROUP HOLDING LIMITED
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

Execution Version

Strictly Confidential

AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

YOOV GROUP HOLDING LIMITED,

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

and

NEXUS MERGERSUB
LIMITED

_________________________

Dated as of March 7, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I. THE
MERGER 2

Section 1.01 The Merger 2

Section 1.02 Closing 2

Section 1.03 Effective Time 2

Section 1.04 Effects of the Merger 3

Section 1.05 Organizational Documents 3

Section 1.06 Directors and Officers 3

Section 1.07 Tax Treatment 4

Article II. EFFECT
OF THE MERGER ON SHARE CAPITAL 4

Section 2.01 Conversion of Share Capital 4

Section 2.02 Surrender and Payment 5

Section 2.03 Treatment of Equity Awards 7

Section 2.04 Dissenting Shares 7

Article III. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 8

Section 3.01 Organization and Power 8

Section 3.02 Organizational Documents 8

Section 3.03 Governmental Authorizations 9

Section 3.04 Corporate Authorization 9

Section 3.05 Non-Contravention 10

Section 3.06 Capitalization 10

Section 3.07 Subsidiaries 11

Section 3.08 Financial Statements 11

Section 3.09 Undisclosed Liabilities 12

Section 3.10 Absence of Certain Changes 12

Section 3.11 Litigation 13

Section 3.12 Material Contracts 13

Section 3.13 Benefit Plans 14

Section 3.14 Labor Relations 15

Section 3.15 Taxes 16

Section 3.16 Environmental Matters 17

Section 3.17 Intellectual Property; Data Privacy 18

Section 3.18 Real Property; Personal Property 20

Section 3.19 Permits; Compliance with Law 20

Section 3.20 Regulatory Matters 21

Section 3.21 [Intentionally Left Blank] 21

Section 3.22 Takeover Law 21

Section 3.23 Transactions with Affiliates 21

Section 3.24 Insurance 22

Section 3.25 Brokers 22

Section 3.26 No Other Representations and Warranties 22

Article IV. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF PUBCO ENTITIES 22

Section 4.01 Organization and Power 22

i

Section 4.02 Organizational Documents 23

Section 4.03 Governmental Authorizations 23

Section 4.04 Corporate Authorization 23

Section 4.05 Non-Contravention 24

Section 4.06 Capitalization 24

Section 4.07 Subsidiaries 25

Section 4.08 SEC Filings and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 26

Section 4.09 Financial Statements; Internal Controls 27

Section 4.10 Undisclosed Liabilities 28

Section 4.11 Absence of Certain Changes 29

Section 4.12 Litigation 29

Section 4.13 Material Contracts 29

Section 4.14 Benefit Plans 30

Section 4.15 Labor Relations 32

Section 4.16 Taxes 33

Section 4.17 Environmental Matters 35

Section 4.18 Intellectual Property 35

Section 4.19 Real Property; Personal Property 37

Section 4.20 Permits; Compliance with Law 38

Section 4.21 Regulatory Matters 38

Section 4.22 Takeover Statutes 38

Section 4.23 Transactions with Affiliates 39

Section 4.24 Insurance 39

Section 4.25 Valid Issuance 39

Section 4.26 Brokers 39

Section 4.27 No Other Representations or Warranties 39

Article V. COVENANTS 39

Section 5.01 Conduct of Business of the Company 39

Section 5.02 Conduct of Business of PubCo 42

Section 5.03 Access to Information; Confidentiality 45

Section 5.04 No Solicitation 45

Section 5.05 PubCo Registration Statement and Proxy 50

Section 5.06 PubCo Stockholders Meeting 51

Section 5.07 Listing 52

Section 5.08 Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance 52

Section 5.09 Reasonable Best Efforts 53

Section 5.10 Consents; Filings; Further Action 54

Section 5.11 Public Announcements 55

Section 5.12 Fees and Expenses 55

Section 5.13 Takeover Statutes 55

Section 5.14 Rule 16b-3 55

Section 5.15 Succession of Officers and Directors 56

Section 5.16 Notification of Certain Matters 56

Section 5.17 Certain Litigation 56

Section 5.18 Requisite Company Approval 57

Section 5.19 Lock-Up Agreements 57

Section 5.20 Tax Matters 57

Section 5.21 Legends 58

Section 5.22 Financial Statements 58

ii

Section 5.23 Outstanding PubCo Warrants 58

Article VI. CONDITIONS 58

Section 6.01 Conditions to Each Partys Obligation to Consummate the Transactions 58

Section 6.02 Conditions to Obligations of PubCo Entities 59

Section 6.03 Conditions to Obligation of the Company 60

Section 6.04 Frustration of Closing Conditions 61

Article VII. TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 61

Section 7.01 Termination by Mutual Consent 61

Section 7.02 Termination by Either PubCo or the Company 61

Section 7.03 Termination by the Company 62

Section 7.04 Termination by PubCo 62

Section 7.05 Effect of Termination 63

Section 7.06 Fees and Expenses Following Termination 63

Article VIII. [Intentionally
left blank] 65

Article
IX. MISCELLANEOUS 65

Section 9.01 Certain Definitions 65

Section 9.02 Interpretation 72

Section 9.03 No Survival 73

Section 9.04 Governing Law 73

Section 9.05 Submission to Jurisdiction; Service 73

Section 9.06 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 74

Section 9.07 Notices 74

Section 9.08 Amendment 75

Section 9.09 Extension; Waiver 75

Section 9.10 Entire Agreement 75

Section 9.11 No Third-Party Beneficiaries 75

Section 9.12 Severability 75

Section 9.13 Rules of Construction 76

Section 9.14 Assignment 76

Section 9.15 Remedies 76

Section 9.16 Specific Performance 76

Section 9.17 Counterparts; Effectiveness 77

Section 9.18 Non-Recourse 77

iii

Disclosure Letters

Company Disclosure Letter

PubCo Disclosure Letter

Exhibits

Exhibit A: Form of PubCo Voting Agreement

Exhibit B: Form of Lockup Agreement

Exhibit C: Form of Company Voting Agreement 

iv

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER, dated as of March 7, 2025 (this Agreement), by and among Avalon GloboCare Corp., a Delaware corporation (PubCo),
Nexus MergerSub Limited, a business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (Merger
Sub, and together with PubCo, the PubCo Entities), and YOOV Group Holding Limited, a business company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the Company, and collectively with PubCo and Merger Sub, the Parties
and each individually, a Party).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Parties intend
that on the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with the BVI Business Companies
Act, 2004 (as revised) (the BVI Companies Act), Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger,
and together with the other transactions contemplated hereby, the Transactions), with the Company surviving the Merger
as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo;

WHEREAS, for United States
federal income tax purposes, it is intended that (i) the Merger shall qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment and (ii) this Agreement shall
constitute a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a);

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of PubCo (the PubCo Board) has unanimously (a) approved, adopted and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions,
including the issuance of PubCo Common Stock to the Company Shareholders, (b) declared that it is fair to, advisable and in the best interests
of PubCo and the stockholders of PubCo (the PubCo Stockholders) that PubCo enter into this Agreement and consummate
the Transactions, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and (c) recommended to the PubCo Stockholders
that they approve the PubCo Stockholder Matters (the PubCo Board Recommendation);

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of the Company (the Company Board) has (a) approved and declared advisable this Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the
Articles of Merger, the Surviving Company Restated Articles and the Transactions, including the Merger, in accordance with the memorandum
and articles of association of the Company then in effect, (b) declared that it is fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the
Company and the shareholders of the Company (the Company Shareholders) that the Company enter into this Agreement,
the Plan of Merger, the Articles of Merger and the Surviving Company Restated Article and to consummate the Transactions, including the
Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, (c) directed that the adoption of this Agreement be submitted
to a vote of the Company Shareholders either through a written consent or at a meeting of the Company Shareholders, and (d) recommended
to the Company Shareholders that they adopt this Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Articles of Merger, the Surviving Company Restated
Articles and thereby approve the Transactions (the Company Board Recommendation);

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of Merger Sub has (a) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Transactions, including the Merger, (b) declared that it
is fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Merger Sub and the sole shareholder of Merger Sub that Merger Sub enter into this Agreement
and consummate the Transactions, including the Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, (c) recommended
to the sole shareholder of Merger Sub that it adopts this Agreement and thereby approve the contemplated Transactions on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (d) PubCo, in its capacity as the sole shareholder of Merger Sub will, approve and adopt this
Agreement by written resolution immediately thereafter;

WHEREAS, concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to the Companys willingness to enter into this Agreement,
(a) the directors, officers and the PubCo Stockholder listed on Schedule A-1 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter have (solely in their capacity
as PubCo Stockholders) entered into a voting agreement with PubCo and the Company in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(each, a PubCo Voting Agreement) pursuant to which such directors, officers and PubCo Stockholders agree to vote
in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and to take (and refrain from taking) certain other actions in connection with the Transactions,
in each case, on the terms therein, and (b) the directors, officers and the PubCo Stockholders listed on Schedule A-2 of the PubCo Disclosure
Letter have entered into a lockup agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (each, a Lockup
Agreement); and

WHEREAS, concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to PubCos willingness to enter into this Agreement,
the directors, officers and Company Shareholders listed on Schedule A-1 of the Company Disclosure Letter have (solely in their capacity
as Company Shareholders) (a) entered into a voting agreement with the Company and PubCo in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C
(each, a Company Voting Agreement) pursuant to which such directors, officers and Company Shareholders agree to,
as promptly as practicable following the effectiveness of the PubCo Registration Statement, (i) approve by vote at a duly held meeting
of the Company Shareholders the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions, and (ii) adopt this Agreement
and to take (and refrain from taking) certain other actions in connection with the Transactions, in each case, on the terms therein, and
(b) entered into the Lockup Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Article
I. THE MERGER

Section 1.01 The
Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub shall be merged
with and into the Company in accordance with the applicable provisions of the BVI Companies Act. As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub
shall cease to exist, and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the Surviving Company).

Section 1.02 Closing.
Unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Article VII, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions
to closing contained in Article VI, the closing of the Merger (the Closing) shall take place (a) remotely
by exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts) on the third Business Day after the day on which the conditions
set forth in Article VI (other than any conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of those conditions) are satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement or (b) at such other place and
time as PubCo and the Company may mutually agree in writing. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to as the Closing
Date.

Section
1.03 Effective Time. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, as soon as
practicable on the Closing Date, the Parties shall execute a plan of merger (the Plan of Merger) and articles
of merger (the Articles of Merger), and shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing the Articles of
Merger (appending the Plan of Merger) and other documents required by the BVI Companies Act with the Registrar of Corporate
Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (BVI Registry) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the BVI
Companies Act, and shall make all other filings, recordings or publications required under the BVI Companies Act in connection with
the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at the time that the properly executed copy of the Articles of Merger is filed and
accepted by the BVI Registry or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, at such later time as specified in the Articles of
Merger (the time at which the Merger becomes effective is herein referred to as the Effective Time).

-2-

Section 1.04 Effects
of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of the BVI Companies
Act, this Agreement and the Articles of Merger. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective
Time, all the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of each of
the Company and the Merger Sub shall become the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, debts, liabilities,
duties and obligations of the Surviving Company, which will include the assumption by the Surviving Company of any and all agreements,
covenants, duties and obligations of the Company and the Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement to be performed after the Effective Time.
As a result of the Merger, the Surviving Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo.

Section 1.05 Organizational
Documents.

(a) Surviving Company
Organizational Documents. The memorandum and articles of association of the Company in effect at the Effective Time shall be the
memorandum and articles of association of the Surviving Company immediately after the Effective Time, except such memorandum and articles
of association shall be amended and restated as may be necessary (the Surviving Company Restated Articles), until
amended in accordance with applicable Law, and the Parties shall approve and adopt the Surviving Company Restated Articles, and make
any required filings with the BVI Registry.

(b) PubCo Organizational
Documents. The certificate of incorporation of PubCo shall be identical to the certificate of incorporation of PubCo immediately
prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter amended in accordance with such certificate of incorporation and applicable Law; provided,
however, that at or immediately prior to the Effective Time, PubCo shall file an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to (i)
change the name of PubCo to YOOV, Inc. or such other name chosen by the Company and approved, in writing, by PubCo (which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), (ii) effectuate the Reverse Stock Split, if necessary, and (iii)
make such other changes as shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and PubCo prior to the filing of such amendment. The bylaws of
PubCo shall be identical to the bylaws of PubCo as in effect as of the Effective Time, except such bylaws shall be deemed amended to
change the name of PubCo stated therein to YOOV, Inc., until thereafter amended in accordance with such bylaws and applicable
Law.

Section 1.06 Directors
and Officers.

(a) PubCo Board.
The Parties shall take all necessary actions such that as of the Effective Time and until successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified in accordance with applicable Law, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the organizational
documents of PubCo, the PubCo Board shall be comprised of seven (7) individuals, five (5) such individuals shall be as designated by
the Company in a written notice to PubCo prior to the Closing, and two (2) individuals from the existing PubCo Board as of immediately
prior to the Closing shall be retained (or as may be otherwise designated by the pre-Closing PubCo Board), provided, that such individuals
are reasonably acceptable to the Company.

(b) Officers of PubCo.
The Parties shall take all necessary actions such that, from and after the Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualified in accordance with applicable Law, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the organizational
documents of PubCo, the officers of PubCo shall be designated by the Company in a written notice to PubCo prior to the Closing.

-3-

(c) Directors and Officers
of the Surviving Company. The Parties shall take all necessary actions such that, from and after the Effective Time, until successors
are duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with applicable Law, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in
accordance with the organizational documents of the Surviving Company, (i) the directors of the Surviving Company, and (ii) the officers
of the Surviving Company shall, in each case, be designated by the Company in a written notice to PubCo prior to the Closing.

Section 1.07 Tax
Treatment. Each of the Parties intends that, for U.S. federal income tax, and as applicable, state and local Tax purposes, (i)
the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code and, in the event that the former shareholders of
the Company are in control of PubCo immediately after the Effective Time within the meaning of Section 368(c) of the Code,
shall also qualify as an exchange of Company Ordinary Shares for shares of PubCo Common Stock within the meaning of Section 351(a) of
the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment), and (ii) this Agreement shall constitute, and is hereby adopted as, a plan
of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a).

Article
II.EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON SHARE CAPITAL

Section 2.01 Conversion
of Share Capital.

(a) Treatment of Company
Convertible Securities. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each Company Preferred Share and any ordinary share purchase warrants
or other securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of Company Ordinary Shares (such warrants or securities, the Company
Convertible Securities) shall be (i) converted into Company Ordinary Shares (the Company Convertible Securities
Conversion), or (ii) cancelled and shall cease to exist in accordance with their terms. The Companys issued and outstanding
Ordinary Shares shall be subject to Section 2.01(c) below.

(b) Merger. At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any additional action on the part of either PubCo Entity, the Company, the PubCo
Stockholders or the Company Shareholders:

(i) Company
Ordinary Share. Each Company Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, (A) following the conversion of any Company Convertible Securities Conversion, and (B) other than Dissenting Shares or Excluded
Company Shares) shall automatically be converted into the right to receive a number of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares
of PubCo Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (the Merger Consideration).

(ii) PubCo
Common Stock. Each share of PubCo Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding.
Immediately following the Effective Time, shares of PubCo Common Stock, if any, owned by the Surviving Company shall be surrendered to
PubCo without payment therefor.

(iii) Merger
Sub Ordinary Shares. Each Merger Sub Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically
be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of the Surviving Company, which shall constitute
the only outstanding shares of the Surviving Company and shall be solely owned by the PubCo.

(iv) Treasury
Stock of the Company. Each share of the Company Share Capital held in the treasury of the Company, owned by the Company or any
of its direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries or by PubCo or any of its Affiliates at the Effective Time (collectively, the
Excluded Company Shares) shall be canceled automatically and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall
be paid for those Excluded Company Shares.

-4-

(c) Conversion of Company
Securities. All Company Ordinary Shares (including Company Ordinary Shares issued upon any Company Convertible Securities Conversion)
that have been converted pursuant to Section 2.01(b) shall be canceled automatically and shall cease to exist, and the holders
of (i) certificates which immediately before the Effective Time represented such shares (the Company Share Certificates)
or (ii) shares represented by book-entry (the Company Book-Entry Shares) shall cease to have any rights with respect
to those shares, other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.02.

(d) Equitable Adjustment.
If at any time during the period between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, any change in the outstanding shares of capital
stock of PubCo or the Company shall occur as a result of any reclassification, recapitalization, reorganization, stock split (including
a reverse stock split only to the extent such split has not been previously taken into account in calculating the Exchange Ratio) or
combination, exchange or readjustment of shares, or any stock dividend or stock distribution is declared with a record date during such
period, the Exchange Ratio (and the determination thereof) shall be equitably adjusted to reflect such change.

(e) Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares of PubCo Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such fractional
shares shall be issued, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any rights as a holder
of PubCo Common Stock. If the product of the number of shares a Company Shareholder holds immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied
by the Exchange Ratio would result in the issuance of a fractional share of PubCo Common Stock, that product will be rounded down to
the nearest whole number of shares of PubCo Common Stock, if it is less than the fraction of one-half (0.5) of one share of PubCo Common
Stock, or rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares of PubCo Common Stock if the said product is greater than or equal to the
fraction of one-half (0.5) of one share of PubCo Common Stock.

Section 2.02 Surrender
and Payment.

(a) Exchange Agent.
Prior to the Effective Time, PubCo and the Company shall appoint a firm, bank or trust company acceptable to the Company to serve as
exchange and payment agent (the Exchange Agent), for the purpose of issuing and sending to each Company Shareholder,
other than with respect to Excluded Company Shares or Dissenting Shares, the Merger Consideration. PubCo will enter into an agreement
with such Exchange Agent on terms reasonably satisfactory to PubCo and the Company.

(b) Exchange Fund.
On or prior to the Closing Date, PubCo and the Company shall cause to be deposited with the Exchange Agent, in trust for the benefit
of the holders of Company Ordinary Share, the aggregate Merger Consideration (which shall be in book-entry form unless a physical certificate
is requested) issuable pursuant to this Agreement. All book-entry shares representing PubCo Common Stock deposited by PubCo with the
Exchange Agent for distribution to the Company Shareholders pursuant to this Article II are referred to in this Agreement as the
Exchange Fund. The Exchange Fund shall not be used for any other purpose.

(c) Exchange Procedures.

(i) Letter
of Transmittal. As promptly as practicable but in no event later than two (2) Business Days following the Effective Time, PubCo
shall, or shall cause the Exchange Agent to, mail to each holder of record of a share of Company Ordinary Share, (A) a letter of
transmittal in customary form, specifying that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to such holders shares
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Company Share Certificate, as applicable, to the Exchange Agent or, in the case of
Company Book-Entry Shares, upon adherence to the procedures set forth in the letter of transmittal, and (B) instructions for
surrendering such Company Share Certificates or Company Book-Entry Shares.

-5-

(ii) Surrender
of Shares of Company Stock. Upon surrender of a Company Share Certificate or of a Company Book-Entry Share for cancellation to the
Exchange Agent in accordance with the instructions provided by the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 2.02(c)(i) above, together
with a duly executed and completed letter of transmittal and any other documents reasonably required by the Exchange Agent, the holder
of that Company Share Certificate or Company Book-Entry Share shall be entitled to receive, and the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange
therefor, that number of whole shares of PubCo Common Stock to which such Company Shareholder shall have become entitled on the account
of Merger Consideration pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.01.

(iii) Unregistered
Transferees. If any Merger Consideration is to be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the share of Company Ordinary
Share is registered, then the Merger Consideration may be paid to such a transferee so long as (A) the surrendered Company Share Certificate
or Company Book-Entry Share is accompanied by all documents required by PubCo or the Company, as applicable, to evidence that such Company
Ordinary Share has been properly transferred and (B) the Person requesting such payment (1) pays any applicable transfer taxes or (2)
establishes to the reasonable satisfaction of PubCo and the Exchange Agent that any such transfer taxes have already been paid or are
not applicable.

(iv) No Other
Rights. Until surrendered in accordance with this Section 2.02(c), each Company Share Certificate and each Company Book-Entry
Share shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to represent only the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Any Merger
Consideration paid upon the surrender of any Company Share Certificate or Company Book-Entry Share shall be deemed to have been paid
in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such Company Share Certificate or Company Book-Entry Share and the Company Ordinary
Shares formerly represented by it.

(d) Lost, Stolen
or Destroyed Certificates. If any Company Share Certificate is lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the Person claiming such Company Share Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by PubCo, the posting by
such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as PubCo may direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with
respect to such Company Share Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall pay, in exchange for such affidavit claiming such Company Share Certificate
is lost, stolen or destroyed, the Merger Consideration, to such Person in respect of the Company Ordinary Shares represented by such
Company Share Certificate.

(e) No Further
Transfers. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and there shall be no further registration
of transfers of the Company Ordinary Shares that were outstanding immediately before the Effective Time.

(f) Required
Withholding. Insofar as applicable, each of PubCo, the Surviving Company and the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from any consideration otherwise payable under this Agreement such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld
therefrom under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or any other applicable state, local
or foreign Law. To the extent that any amounts are so deducted and withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authorities,
those amounts shall be treated as having been paid to the Person in respect of whom such deduction or withholding was made.

-6-

(g) No Liability.
None of PubCo, the Surviving Company or the Exchange Agent (or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates)
shall be liable to any Company Shareholder for any amount properly paid to a public official under any applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar Law. If any shares Company Ordinary Share shall not have been allocated their Merger Consideration prior to two (2)
years after the Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which the related Merger Consideration (and all dividends
or other distributions with respect to shares of PubCo Common Stock) would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental
Authority), any such Merger Consideration (and such dividends, distributions and cash) in respect thereof shall, to the extent permitted
by applicable Law, become the property of the PubCo, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

(h) Termination
of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the holders of Company Share Certificates or Company
Book-Entry Shares one year after the Effective Time shall be delivered by the Exchange Agent to PubCo upon demand. Thereafter, any holder
of Company Share Certificates or Company Book-Entry Shares who has not theretofore complied with this Article II shall look only
to the PubCo for, and the PubCo shall remain liable for, payment of the applicable Merger Consideration pursuant to the terms of this
Article II, subject to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law, without interest.

Section 2.03 Treatment
of Equity Awards.

(a) PubCo Stock Options.
Following the Effective Time, each PubCo Stock Option that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then
vested or exercisable, shall, without any action on the part of the holder thereof or any other Person, continue to be outstanding and
have, and shall continue to be subject to, the same terms and conditions as applied to such PubCo Stock Option as of immediately prior
to the Effective Time; provided, that, in no event shall such total PubCo Stock Option, whether or not vested or exercisable, on an as-converted
and fully diluted basis, be exercised or excisable for more than 4% of the aggregate PubCo Common Stock reserved for issuance under such
equity plan of PubCo adopted or becomes effective after the Effective Time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all
PubCo Stock Options shall be treated in a manner so as not to result in the incurrence of a penalty tax under Section 409A of the Code.
For the avoidance of doubt, the PubCo Stock Options outstanding at the Effective Time shall not in any way change or otherwise alter
the percentage ownership interest of the PubCo Stockholders and the Company Shareholders, respectively, as contemplated under this Agreement.
Prior to the Effective Time, PubCo shall take all necessary action, if any, to give effect to the terms of this Section 2.03(a).

(b) Amendment to PubCo
Equity Plan. PubCo shall undertake to amend the PubCo Equity Plan, in such form that is reasonably acceptable to the Company, to
increase the number of PubCo Common Stock reserved and issuable under the PubCo Equity Plan after the Effective Time (the PubCo
Equity Plan Amendment). PubCo shall take all necessary action to submit the PubCo Equity Plan Amendment to the PubCo Board
for approval and, upon its approval, the PubCo Board shall submit the PubCo Equity Plan Amendment for stockholder approval at the PubCo
Stockholders Meeting.

Section 2.04 Dissenting
Shares.

(a) Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any shares of Company Share Capital (other than Excluded Company Shares) for which the
holder thereof (the Dissenting Shareholder) (i) has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented in writing
and (ii) has validly exercised the rights to dissent from the Merger in accordance with, and has complied in all respects with, the
BVI Companies Act (collectively, the Dissenting Shares), shall not be converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.01. Each Dissenting Shareholder shall be entitled to receive only the
payment resulting from the procedure in Section 179 of BVI Companies Act with respect to the Dissenting Shares owned by such
Dissenting Shareholder.

-7-

(b)Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.04(a), if any Dissenting Shareholder effectively waives, withdraws or loses
such rights to dissent from the Merger (through failure to perfect such rights or otherwise in accordance with the BVI Companies Act),
then such holders shares (i) shall be deemed no longer to be Dissenting Shares, and (ii) shall be treated as if they had been converted
automatically at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration upon surrender of the Company Share Certificate
or Company Book-Entry Share formerly representing such shares in accordance with Section 2.02.

(c)The Company shall give PubCo (i) notice of any written demands for exercise of the rights to dissent from the Merger of any shares
of Company Share Capital, the withdrawals of such demands and any other related instrument served on the Company under the BVI Companies
Act and (ii) the right to participate in, and at PubCos election and expense, direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to such demands for exercise of the rights to dissent from the Merger. The Company shall not (or cause or permit any Person on its behalf
to) offer to make or make any payment or settle, compromise, or offer to settle or compromise, or otherwise negotiate with respect to
any such demands for exercise of the rights to dissent from the Merger without the prior written consent of PubCo, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Article
III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the
corresponding sections of the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to the PubCo Entities concurrently with the execution of
this Agreement (the Company Disclosure Letter), it being agreed that disclosure of any item in any section of
the Company Disclosure Letter (whether or not an explicit cross reference appears) shall be deemed to be disclosure with respect to any
other section to which the relevance of such item is reasonably apparent, the Company represents and warrants to each PubCo Entity
that:

Section 3.01 Organization
and Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Law of
its jurisdiction of organization. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and
properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and to perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound. Each
of the Companys Subsidiaries has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties, to carry
on its business as now conducted, except where the failure to have such requisite power or authority would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign corporation, limited liability company or other legal entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where such qualification is necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.02 Organizational
Documents. The Company has made available to PubCo true and complete copies of the memorandum and articles of association and
all other similar constitutional documents adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation, organization or governance of
the Company as in effect on the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Company Organizational Documents), and
(i) the Company Organizational Documents are in full force and effect and (ii) the Company is not in violation in any material respects
of any provision of the Company Organizational Documents.

-8-

Section 3.03 Governmental
Authorizations. Assuming that the representations and warranties of the PubCo Entities contained in Section 4.04 are true
and correct, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions,
including the Merger, do not and will not require any consent, approval or other authorization of, or registration or filing with or
notification to any Governmental Authority (collectively, Governmental Authorizations), other than:

(a)the filing of the Articles of Merger (appending the Plan of Merger) and other documents required by the BVI Companies Act to effect
the Merger, with the BVI Registry, and the adoption and filing the Surviving Company Restated Articles, with the BVI Registry, as may
be required;

(b)any other filings or reports that may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), the Securities Act or any other state or federal securities, takeover or blue
sky Laws; and

(c)such other Governmental Authorizations, where the failure to obtain such Governmental Authorizations would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.04 Corporate
Authorization.

(a)The Company Board has (i) approved and declared advisable this Agreement, the Plan of Merger, the Articles of Merger and the Transactions,
including the Merger, in accordance with the memorandum and articles of association of the Company then in effect (ii) declared that it
is fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company and the Company Shareholders that the Company enter into this Agreement,
the Plan of Merger and the Articles of Merger and consummate the Transactions, including the Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, (iii) directed that the adoption of this Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Surviving Company Restated
Articles be submitted to the Company Shareholders, and (iv) recommended to the Company Shareholders that they adopt this Agreement, the
Plan of Merger and the Surviving Company Restated Articles. Except as set forth in Section 3.04 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Requisite Company Vote is the only vote of the Company Shareholders necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the Transactions.
Each Person that executes the Company Voting Agreement is an executive officer, director, affiliate, founder or family member of a founder
or holder of at least five percent of the voting equity securities of the Company, in each case, within the meaning of the SECs
Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 239.13.

(b)Except as set forth in Section 3.04 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has all necessary corporate power and
authority to enter into this Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Articles of Merger, and assuming the Company Shareholder Approval is
received, to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Articles
of Merger by the Company and, subject to the receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval, the consummation by the Company of the Transactions
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement constitutes a legal,
valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms (except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights, and to general equitable principles).

-9-

Section 3.05 Non-Contravention.
Except as set forth in Section 3.05 of the Company Disclosure Letter, and subject to obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval
and the Governmental Authorizations applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation of the Transactions do not and will not (a) contravene or conflict with, or result in any material
violation or breach of, any provision of (i) the Company Organizational Documents, or (ii) the comparable organizational or governing
documents of any of the Subsidiaries of the Company, (b) contravene or conflict with, or result in any material violation or breach of,
any Law applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any Company Assets are bound, (c) except as set forth in Section
3.05 of the Company Disclosure Letter, result in any violation, termination, acceleration of any material obligation, cancellation,
material payment or material breach of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) or require any notice
or consent under, any Company Material Contracts or Company Real Property Leases (as defined below) to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any Company Assets are bound, or (d) result in the creation of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens)
upon any of the Company Assets, except, in the case of clauses (a)(ii), (b), (c), and (d), as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.06 Capitalization.

(a)As of the date of this Agreement, the capitalization of the Company is as set forth in Section 3.06(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, which reflects in all material respects all of the issued and outstanding Company Share Capital and all rights to acquire share
capital or securities of the Company.

(b)Except as set forth in the capitalization table under Section 3.06(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, to the extent expressly
permitted under Section 5.01 (including as required by applicable Law), or as set forth in Section 3.06(g) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, (i) there are no other outstanding shares of the Company, (ii) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants,
calls, convertible securities, rights of first refusal, preemptive rights, or other similar rights (whether or not currently exercisable),
agreements or commitments (other than this Agreement) relating to the issuance or acquisition of share capital to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (A) issue, transfer or sell any shares of the
Company or other equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares
or equity interests, (B) grant, extend or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, call, convertible securities or other similar
right, agreement or arrangement, (C) redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any such shares of the Company or other equity interests,
or (D) provide an amount of funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any other Person, and (iii) other than pursuant to this Agreement, there is no condition or circumstance
that could be reasonably likely to give rise to or provide a basis for the assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect that such
Person is entitled to acquire or receive any shares of the Company. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom
stock, profit participation or other similar rights with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(c)All outstanding shares of the Company Share Capital have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and not subject to any pre-emptive rights, right of participation, right of maintenance or any similar right. All outstanding shares of
the Company Share Capital were issued or sold in compliance in all material respects with (i) applicable securities Laws, (ii) the Company
Organizational Documents, and (iii) any Contract.

(d)Each outstanding share or other equity interests of each Subsidiary is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and is not subject to any pre-emptive rights, right of participation, right of maintenance, or any similar right.

-10-

(e) Except as set forth in the Company Organizational Documents and Section 3.06(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there
are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of the Company Share Capital or shares of any Subsidiary, if any, of the Company.

(f)There are no voting trusts, proxies or similar agreements, arrangements or commitments to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party with respect to the voting of any shares of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or
other instruments of indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that entitle the holder of such instruments of indebtedness
to vote together with shareholders of the Company on any matters with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary, if any.

(g)The Company does not have any share option plan or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement providing for any equity-based
compensation for any Person that are currently in effect or outstanding.

Section 3.07 Subsidiaries.

(a) Section 3.07
of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate organization chart of the Company with each Subsidiary of the Company.
The Company has made available to PubCo the organizational documents of each Subsidiary of the Company.

(b)Each of the Subsidiaries of the Company is wholly owned by the Company, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Liens (other
than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transfer (other than restrictions under applicable Law). Other than the Subsidiaries listed on
Section 3.07 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity, membership interest,
partnership interest, joint venture interest, or other equity or voting interest in, or any interest convertible into, exercisable or
exchangeable for any of the foregoing, nor is it under any current or prospective obligation to form or participate in, provide funds
to, make any loan, capital contribution, guarantee, credit enhancement or other investment in, or assume any liability or obligation of,
any Person.

(c)Except as set forth on Section 3.07(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to, has any commitment to become a party to, any joint venture, off balance sheet partnership or any similar Contract (including
any Contract or arrangement relating to any transaction or relationship between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, including any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity or Person, on the
other hand, or any off balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act)).

Section 3.08 Financial
Statements.

(a) Section
3.08 of the Company Disclosure Letter contains true, correct and complete copies of (i) the unaudited consolidated financial
statements for the twelve (12) month periods ended on March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024, consisting of the balance sheet, and the
related statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (ii) the unaudited
consolidated financial statements for the six (6) month period ended on September 30, 2024 (the Balance Sheet
Date), consisting of the balance sheet, and the related statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows
of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The financial statements contemplated under the aforementioned sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii)
shall be collectively referred to as the Company Unaudited Financial Statements. The Company Unaudited
Financial Statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the times and for the periods referred to therein and have been prepared in conformity with
GAAP. There are no off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(c) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act)
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party.

-11-

(b)The books of account and financial records of the Company and its Subsidiaries are true and correct and have been prepared and
are maintained in accordance with sound accounting practice. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls reasonably
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, (ii) that transactions are executed only in accordance with the authorization of management,
and (iii) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company Assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. The Company maintains internal control over financial reporting that provides reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP.

(c)There have been no formal investigations regarding financial reporting or accounting policies and practices discussed with, reviewed
by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer or general counsel
of the Company, the Company Board or any committee thereof, other than ordinary course audits or reviews of accounting policies and practices
or internal controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or any other applicable Law.

Section 3.09 Undisclosed
Liabilities. As of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in Section 3.09 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there
are no liabilities, indebtedness, obligations or expense of any of any kind, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, matured or otherwise
(collectively, Liabilities) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate, that are
required to be reflected in the financial statements under GAAP other than:

(a)Liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Company Interim Financial Statements as of the Balance Sheet Date or the footnotes
thereto;

(b)Liabilities that have been incurred since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business;

(c)Liabilities incurred in connection with the Transactions or as permitted or contemplated expressly by this Agreement;

(d)Liabilities incurred pursuant to Company Material Contracts binding on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than those
resulting from any breach or default under such Company Material Contract); and

(e)Liabilities that would not, individually or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.10 Absence
of Certain Changes. Except as otherwise expressly contemplated or required by this Agreement, or as set forth in Section 3.10
of the Company Disclosure Letter, since the Balance Sheet Date to the date of this Agreement, (a) the business of the Company and
each of its Subsidiaries has been conducted, in all material respects, in the ordinary course of business, excluding the exaction and
performance of this Agreement and the discussion, negotiations and transactions related thereto, (b) there has not been any Company Material
Adverse Effect, and (c) there has not been or occurred any event, condition, action or effect that, if taken during this period, would
constitute a breach of Section 5.01.

-12-

Section 3.11 Litigation.
Except as set forth in Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter, from the Balance Sheet Date through the date of this Agreement,
(a) there are no legal actions, claims, demands, arbitrations, hearings, charges, complaints, sanctions investigations, examinations,
indictments, litigations, suits or other civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings before a Governmental Authority
(collectively, Legal Actions) pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their assets or properties that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and (b) there are no Orders outstanding against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of its or their assets or properties that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 3.12 Material
Contracts.

(a) Section 3.12
of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of each of the following Contracts to which, as of the date of this Agreement, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (each, a Company Material Contract):

(i)Each contract that would constitute a material contract (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Act), with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (assuming the Company was subject to the requirements
of the Exchange Act);

(ii)each Contract (A) not to (or otherwise restricting or limiting the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to) compete
in any line of business or geographic area or (B) to restrict the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to conduct business
in any geographic area;

(iii)each Contract (other than any Company Benefit Plan) that is reasonably likely to require, during the remaining term of such Contract,
annual payments by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that exceed $250,000;

(iv)all Contracts granting to any Person an option or a first refusal, first offer or similar preferential right to purchase or acquire
any material Company Assets;

(v)all material Contracts for the granting or receiving of a license, sublicense or franchise or under which any Person is obligated
to pay or has the right to receive a royalty, license fee, franchise fee or similar payment (other than agreements with employees, non-exclusive
licenses granted to the Companys or its Subsidiaries customers, and non-exclusive licenses to commercially available, off-the-shelf
Software that have been granted on standardized, generally available terms);

(vi)all partnership, joint venture or other similar agreements or arrangements;

(vii)any agreement relating to indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property (in either case, whether incurred,
assumed, guaranteed or secured by any asset), except any such agreement (or a series of related agreements) with an aggregate outstanding
principal amount not exceeding $1,000,000;

(viii) any
agreement for the disposition or acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with material obligations of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries (other than confidentiality obligations) remaining to be performed or material Liabilities of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries continuing after the date of this Agreement, of any material business or any material amount of assets other
than in the ordinary course of business;

-13-

(ix)any agreement with (A) the top 10 customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as applicable, and (B) the top
10 suppliers of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as applicable, in each case, for the 2024 fiscal year measured by the
aggregate obligations paid or agreed to pay to or by the Company, as applicable;

(x)any agreement restricting or limiting the payment of dividends or the making of distributions to shareholders, including intercompany
dividends or distributions other than such restrictions or limitations that are required by applicable Law;

(xi)any Contract for the development of Intellectual Property, other than those entered into in the ordinary course of business with
Company employees and contractors on the Companys standard form for such Contracts; and

(xii)all material agreements with any Governmental Authority.

(b)Each Company Material Contract is a valid and binding agreement of the Company or its applicable Subsidiary, except where the failure
to be valid and binding would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the
Company or such Subsidiary nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto, is in breach of or default under any such Company
Material Contract, (ii) as of the date of this Agreement, there are no material disputes in connection with any such Company Material
Contract, and (iii) as of the date of this Agreement no party under any Company Material Contract has given written notice of its intent
to terminate or otherwise seek a material amendment to such Company Material Contract.

Section 3.13 Benefit
Plans.

(a) Section 3.13(a)
of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all material Company Benefit Plans. For purposes of this Agreement a Company Benefit
Plan is, whether or not written, (i) any compensation, stock purchase, stock option, equity or equity-based compensation, severance,
employment, consulting, change-of-control, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation and other employee benefit plan, agreement, program
or policy, (ii) any plan, agreement, program or policy providing vacation benefits, insurance (including any self-insured arrangements),
medical, dental, vision or prescription benefits, disability or sick leave benefits, life insurance, employee assistance program, workers
compensation, supplemental unemployment benefits and post-employment or retirement benefits (including compensation, pension or insurance
benefits), or (iii) any loan to or for the benefit of an officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case (A) under which
any current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any right to
benefits, or (B) which are maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries makes or is required to make contributions or with respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has any material Liability.

(b) With respect to each
Company Benefit Plan that is subject to the Laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (whether or not United States Law
also applies) (each such plan, a Foreign Plan): (i) all required employer and employee contributions have been
calculated, deposited or made or properly accrued in a material respects; (ii) each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been
registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities and, if intended to qualify for special
tax treatment, meets all of the requirements for such treatment; (iii) no Foreign Plan is a defined benefit plan or an arrangement
providing a stated level of benefits calculated by reference to an employees (or former employees) length of service
and salary; (iv) no unfunded or underfunded liabilities exist with respect to any Foreign Plan and no rights or entitlements
(including but not limited to any entitlements to enhanced or additional benefits) exist in relation to any employee or former
employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries other than pursuant to the terms of the plan documents governing the
Foreign Plans, and (v) no notice of default or show cause notice has been received regarding any non-compliance or inadequate
compliance.

-14-

(c)The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions will not (either alone or in combination
with another event) (i) result in any payment from The Company or any of its Subsidiaries becoming due, or increase the amount of any
compensation due, to any current or former employee, director or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii)
increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Company Benefit Plan, (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment, vesting
of any compensation or benefits or forgiveness of indebtedness with respect to any current or former employee, director or independent
contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) result in any funding, through a grantor trust or otherwise, of any compensation
or benefits to any current or former employee, director or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any
Company Benefit Plan, (v) cause any amount to fail to be deductible by reason of Section 280G of the Code or be characterized as an excess
parachute payment (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code), or (vi) result in any breach or violation of or
default under any Company Benefit Plan.

(d)There are no pending, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, material Legal Actions against or involving any Company
Benefit Plan, other than ordinary claims for benefits by participants and beneficiaries. Each Company Benefit Plan can be terminated at
any time for any or no reason by the Company and its Subsidiaries without any past, present or future Liability or obligation to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (other than solely administrative expenses related to such termination).

Section 3.14 Labor
Relations.

(a)(i) No employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is represented by a union or is covered by an effective or pending collective
bargaining agreement or similar labor agreement and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no labor union, or similar employee group to organize
any employees, organizing efforts are currently being conducted, (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, and
is not currently negotiating any entry into, any collective bargaining agreement or other labor Contract, and (iii) no strike, picket,
work stoppage, work slowdown or other organized labor dispute exists in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(b)The Company and its Subsidiaries is, and has been since the January 1, 2023, in compliance in all material respects with all federal,
state, local or foreign Laws regarding labor, employment and employment practices that are applicable to the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(c)Since January 1, 2023, there have been no material Legal Actions against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys
Knowledge, investigations pending or threatened related to any allegations of sexual harassment, discrimination or other misconduct against
the Company or any of its respective current or former directors, officers or senior level management employees.

(d) Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, there are no pending or, to the
Companys Knowledge, threatened claims, suits, actions or other legal proceeding against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries brought by or on behalf of any applicant for employment, any current or former employees or other individual service
providers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any current or former leased employee, intern, volunteer or temp
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any person alleging to be a current or former employee, or any group or class of the
foregoing, or any Governmental Authority, alleging: (i) violation of any labor or employment Laws; (ii) breach of any collective
bargaining agreement; (iii) breach of any express or implied contract of employment; (iv) wrongful termination of employment; or (v)
any other discriminatory, wrongful or tortious conduct in connection with any employment relationship, including before the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission.

-15-

Section 3.15 Taxes.

(a)(i) All income and other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
have been timely filed (taking into account all applicable extensions), and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all
material respects, (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have fully and timely paid (or have had paid on their behalf) all material Taxes
due and payable (whether or not shown to be due on any Tax Return) and have made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all material
Taxes not yet due and payable in the most recent financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to the withholding and payment over to the appropriate
Governmental Authority of all Taxes required to be withheld by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(b)(i) There are no outstanding agreements extending or waiving the statutory period of limitations applicable to any claim for, or
the period for the collection, assessment or reassessment of, any material Taxes due from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any
taxable period and no request for any such waiver or extension is currently pending, (ii) to the Companys Knowledge, no audit is
presently in progress, pending or threatened in writing with respect to any material Taxes due from or with respect to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) no claim in writing has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company and
its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction, and (iv) all material deficiencies
for Taxes asserted or assessed in writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been fully and timely paid or properly reflected
under GAAP in the most recent financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(c)There are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets or properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for Liens for current
Taxes and assessments not yet past due.

(d)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in any listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.6011-4(b) (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law).

(e)The Company has not been a controlled corporation or a distributing corporation in any distribution
occurring during the three-year period ending on the date hereof that was purported or intended to be governed by Section 355 of
the Code.

(f)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is or has been a member of a group (other than a group the common parent of
which is the Company) filing a consolidated, combined, affiliated, unitary or similar income Tax Return or (ii) has any Liability for
the Taxes of any Person (other than any of the Company or its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of state, local, or foreign Law), as a transferee, successor, by Contract (other than pursuant to any ordinary course Contract,
the principal purpose of which does not relate to Taxes) or otherwise.

-16-

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any item of material income in, or exclude any item
of material deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of (i)
any change in, or use of improper, method of accounting adopted, requested or initiated at or prior to the Closing for a taxable period
ending on or prior to the Closing Date, (ii) any intercompany transaction or any excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations
under Section 1502 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign income Tax law), (iii) any installment sale or
open transaction disposition made at or prior to the Closing, (iv) any item of deferred revenue, (v) any election under Section 965
of the Code, (vi) any prepaid amounts received on or prior to the Closing Date, or (vii) any agreement entered into with any Governmental
Authority with respect to Taxes.

(h)No private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda or similar material agreements or rulings have been requested, entered into
or issued by any taxing authority with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which rulings remain in effect.

(i)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation, as defined in Section
897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

(j)To the Knowledge of the Company, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not been, is not, and immediately prior to the Effective
Time will not be, treated as an investment company within the meaning of Section 368(a)(2)(F) of the Code.

(k)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action that could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger from
qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment. To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances, other than any facts
and circumstances to the extent that such facts and circumstances exist or arise as a result of or related to any act or omission occurring
after the date of this Agreement of any PubCo Entity or any of its Affiliates not contemplated by this Agreement, that could reasonably
be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment.

(l)The Company is and has been since its date of formation, a C corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

(m)Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is a controlled foreign corporation as defined in Section 957
of the Code, (ii) is a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code, or (iii) has a
permanent establishment (with the meaning of an applicable Tax treaty) or otherwise has an office or fixed place of business in a country
other than the country in which it is organized.

Section 3.16 Environmental
Matters. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect:

(a)The Company and its Subsidiaries comply and have complied with all applicable Environmental Laws.

(b)The Company and its Subsidiaries possess all Permits required under Environmental Laws necessary for their respective operations
as currently conducted, and are in compliance with such Permits, which are, and through the Closing Date shall remain, in full force and
effect.

-17-

(c) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice or request for information from any Governmental Authority
or other third party related to any actual or alleged Liability under Environmental Law, including any investigatory, remedial or corrective
obligations or otherwise pertaining to Hazardous Substances.

(d)To the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, no condition exists on any property owned or operated by the
Company and its Subsidiaries or any other location which has given rise to, or would reasonably be expected to give rise to, any Liability
relating to environmental or Hazardous Substances matters or Environmental Laws.

(e)To the Knowledge of the Company, the Transactions do not require notice to, or approval from, any Governmental Authority under
any Environmental Law.

Section 3.17 Intellectual
Property; Data Privacy.

(a)Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns, is licensed to use, pursuant to valid, enforceable and binding Contracts, or otherwise
has the right to use all Intellectual Property used, held for use or necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company Intellectual Property) free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted
Liens), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Section
3.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of the following which are owned or purported to be owned
by the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) patents and patent applications, (ii) registered trademarks and applications therefor, (iii)
registered copyrights and applications therefor, and (iv) domain name registrations ((i) - (iv), the Company Registered IP).
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions do not and will not
encumber, impair or extinguish any of the Company Intellectual Property.

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) none
of the Company Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (Company Owned
Intellectual Property) (A) has been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, or (B) is the subject of any cancellation
or reexamination proceeding or any other proceeding challenging its ownership, use, registrability, validity and enforceability, and (ii)
to the Knowledge of the Company, all Company Registered IP is subsisting, in full force and effect, and, to the Knowledge of the Company,
valid and enforceable, and all renewal fees and other maintenance fees have been paid. There exist no material contractual restrictions
on the disclosure, use, license or transfer of any Company Owned Intellectual Property.

(c)Except as set forth in Section 3.17(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, or as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
does not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate, and has not, since January 1, 2023 infringed upon, misappropriated, or otherwise
violated, the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party, and (ii) no Legal Action is pending, asserted in writing, or to the Knowledge
of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries
infringes upon, misappropriates or otherwise violates the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party. To the Knowledge of the Company,
no Person is infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating, or has, since January 1, 2023, infringed upon, misappropriated,
or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

-18-

(d) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company
and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps in accordance with normal industry practice to maintain and protect the confidentiality
of all Company Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the value of which is contingent
upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the Company Owned Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries and the value of which is contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof, has been disclosed other than to Third
Parties that are bound by customary, written confidentiality agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and that are, to the Knowledge of the Company, valid and enforceable.

(e)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, all Persons
who have contributed, developed or conceived any Company Owned Intellectual Property have done so pursuant to a valid and enforceable
Contract (subject to enforceability exceptions for bankruptcy and insolvency and subject to principles of equity) that protects the confidential
information of the Company and its Subsidiaries and assigns to the Company (or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable) exclusive ownership
of the Persons contribution, development or conception, other than Intellectual Property excluded by Law or non-assignable moral
rights.

(f)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have sufficient rights to use all Software, including middleware, databases, and systems, information technology
equipment, and associated documentation used or held for use in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(IT Assets), (ii) in each case, the IT Assets operate and perform in all material respects in accordance with their
documentation and functional specifications and are sufficient or configurable to effectively perform all operations necessary for the
current operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and all IT Assets are owned or licensed under valid licenses and
operated by and are under the control of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (iii) the IT Assets have not materially malfunctioned or failed
since January 1, 2023, to the Knowledge of the Company, do not contain any viruses, bugs, faults or other devices or effects that (A)
enable or assist any Person to access without authorization or disable or erase the IT Assets, or (B) otherwise materially adversely affect
the functionality of the IT Assets, (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps to provide for the
remote-site back-up of data and information critical to the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and have in place
commercially reasonable disaster recovery and business continuity plans, procedures and facilities, (v) no Person has gained unauthorized
access to any IT Assets since January 1, 2023, (vi) the Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained, continue to maintain, and caused
their vendors to maintain, safeguards, security measures and procedures against the unauthorized access, disclosure, destruction, loss,
or alteration of customer data or information (including any personal or device-specific information) in its possession or control that
comply with any applicable contractual and legal requirements and meet industry standards, and (vii) the Company and its Subsidiaries
have in place with the third-party owners and operators of all data centers which provide services related to the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries written agreements that ensure that such Third Parties adhere to and are in compliance with commercially reasonable
standards and requirements.

(g) Except as set forth in Section
3.17(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable Laws pertaining to (i) data security, cybersecurity, privacy, and (ii) the collection, storage, use, access,
disclosure, processing, security, and transfer of personal data or any other information that alone or in combination with other
information can be used to identify an individual (Personal Information), to the extent that it is subject to
same. During the past two (2) years, no claims have been asserted or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries alleging a violation of any Persons privacy or Personal Information. Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information collected, used or held for
use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries against loss and unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or other
misuse.

-19-

(h)To the Knowledge of the Company, no government funding, facilities or resources of a university, college, other educational institution
or research center was used in the development of the Company Owned Intellectual Property, to the Knowledge of the Company, exclusively
licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Governmental Authority, university, college, other educational institution
or research center has, to the knowledge of the Company, any claim or right in or to such Intellectual Property.

Section 3.18 Real
Property; Personal Property.

(a)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or have a valid and enforceable right to use or a valid and enforceable
leasehold interest in, all real property (including all buildings, fixtures and other improvements thereto) used by the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (the Company Real Property), and (ii) the ownership of or leasehold interest in any
Company Real Property is not subject to any Lien (except in all cases for Permitted Liens). Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has leased,
subleased, licensed, sublicensed or otherwise granted to any Person the right to use or occupy any Company Real Property or any portion
thereof, other than the right of PubCo pursuant to this Agreement, there are no outstanding options, rights of first offer or rights of
first refusal to purchase any Company Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein, and except for this Agreement, neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contract to sell, transfer, or encumber any Company Real Property.

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of
the material leases, subleases and other agreements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries use or occupy or have the right
to use or occupy, now or in the future, any material real property (the Company Real Property Leases) is valid, binding
and in full force and effect (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and
other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights, and to general equitable principles), and
no termination event or condition or uncured default on the part of the Company or its Subsidiaries exists under any Company Real Property
Lease.

(c)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or a valid and enforceable leasehold interest in, all Company Assets,
(ii) the Company Assets are in good working order (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and is suitable and adequate for the uses for which
it is intended or is being used, and (iii) none of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries ownership of or leasehold interest
in any such Company Assets is subject to any Liens (except in all cases for Permitted Liens).

Section 3.19 Permits;
Compliance with Law.

(a) Except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries is in possession of all material franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, easements, variances, exceptions,
consents, certificates, approvals, waivers, notices, and other permits of any Governmental Authority (Permits)
necessary for each of the Company and its Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate their respective properties and assets or to carry
on their respective business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits). All such Company
Permits are in full force and effect in all material respects and no suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits is
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, has been threatened in writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The
rights and benefits of each Company Permit will be available to the Surviving Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable,
immediately after the Effective Time on terms substantially identical to those enjoyed by the Company as of the date of this
Agreement and immediately prior to the Effective Time.

-20-

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of
the Company and its Subsidiaries has at all times since January 1, 2023 been in compliance with (i) all Laws applicable to the Company
or such Subsidiary or by which any of the Company Assets is bound and (ii) all Laws applicable to, and the terms and conditions of, any
Company Permits.

Section 3.20 Regulatory
Matters.

(a)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries currently conduct, and have at all times since January 1, 2023, conducted their respective businesses in
compliance with all Laws applicable to their respective operations, activities or services and any Orders to which they are a party or
are subject, including any settlement agreements or corporate integrity agreements, (ii) except for routine matters arising in the ordinary
course of business, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice, citation, suspension, revocation,
limitation, warning, or request for repayment or refund issued by a Governmental Authority which alleges or asserts that the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has violated any Laws or which requires or seeks to adjust, modify or alter the Companys or any of its
Subsidiarys operations, activities, services or financial condition that has not been fully and finally resolved to the Governmental
Authoritys satisfaction without further Liability to the Company and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) there are no restrictions imposed
by any Governmental Authority upon the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries business, activities or services which would
restrict or prevent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from operating as it currently operates.

(b)As of the date of this Agreement, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, all of their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees, are in compliance in all material respects with, to the extent applicable, all Laws.

Section 3.21 [Intentionally
Left Blank].

Section 3.22 Takeover
Law. The Company Board has taken all actions necessary to ensure that the Takeover Laws are, and will be, inapplicable to the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the timely consummation of the Transactions, including the Merger, and will
not restrict, impair or delay the ability of PubCo, after the Effective Time, to vote or otherwise exercise all rights as a shareholder
of the Company. Takeover Laws shall mean any moratorium, control share acquisition, affiliated
transactions, business combination, fair price or other form of anti-takeover Laws of any jurisdiction
or other applicable Laws that purport to limit or restrict mergers or business combinations or the ability to limit or restrict mergers
or business combinations or the ability to acquire or to vote shares.

Section
3.23 Transactions with Affiliates. There are no transactions, arrangements or Contracts between the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company, on the one hand, and any shareholder, officer, director, Affiliate, or any related person
(within the meaning of Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act) of the Company, on the other hand, that is of the type
that would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act (assuming the Company was subject
to the requirements of the Securities Act).

-21-

Section 3.24 Insurance.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are covered by valid and currently effective insurance policies and all premiums payable under such
policies have been duly paid to date. As of the date of this Agreement, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have received
any written notice of default or cancellation of any such policy. All material fire and casualty, general liability, business interruption,
product liability, and sprinkler and water damage insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(Insurance Policies) provide adequate coverage for all normal risks incident to the business of the Company and
its Subsidiaries and their respective properties and assets, except for any such failures to maintain Insurance Policies that, individually
or in the aggregate, are not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.25 Brokers.
Except as set forth in Section 3.25 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder, adviser or investment banker is entitled
to any brokerage, success, finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 3.26 No
Other Representations and Warranties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties
of PubCo and Merger Sub set forth in Article IV or in any certificate delivered by PubCo or Merger Sub to the Company pursuant
to this Agreement, neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates or its Representatives, is relying
on any other representation or warranty of PubCo, Merger Sub, any of their Affiliates or Representatives or any other Person made outside
of Article IV or such certificate, including regarding the accuracy or completeness of any such other representations or warranties
or the omission of any material information, whether express or implied.

Article
IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PUBCO ENTITIES

Except as (i) set forth in
the corresponding sections of the disclosure letter delivered by the PubCo Entities to the Company concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement (the PubCo Disclosure Letter), it being agreed that disclosure of any item in any section of
the PubCo Disclosure Letter (whether or not an explicit cross reference appears) shall be deemed to be disclosure with respect to any
other section to which the relevance of such item is reasonably apparent or (ii) disclosed in any of the PubCo SEC Reports prior
to the date hereof and publicly available on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system (excluding any disclosures
contained under the headings Risk Factors, Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements or Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, or in any other sections to the extent such disclosures are prospective or
forward-looking statements or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), provided, that nothing disclosed in the PubCo
SEC Reports shall be deemed to be a qualification of, or modification to, the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.01,
Section 4.02, Section 4.03, Section 4.04, Section 4.05, and Section 4.26, the PubCo Entities,
jointly and severally, represent and warrant to the Company that:

Section
4.01 Organization and Power. Each of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Law of its jurisdiction of organization. Each PubCo Entity has the requisite corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and to perform its
obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound. Each of the Subsidiaries of the PubCo Entities has the requisite power and
authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as now conducted, except where the
failure to have such requisite power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
PubCo Material Adverse Effect. Each of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation, limited liability company or other legal entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such
qualification is necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect.

-22-

Section 4.02 Organizational
Documents. Each PubCo Entity has made available to the Company true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation,
bylaws and all other similar constitutional documents adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation, organization or governance
of the PubCo Entities as in effect on the date of this Agreement (collectively, the PubCo Organizational Documents).
Neither PubCo nor Merger Sub is in breach in any material respect of the PubCo Organizational Documents governing PubCo and Merger Sub,
respectively.

Section 4.03 Governmental
Authorizations. Assuming that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3.04 are true and
correct, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each PubCo Entity and the consummation by each of the PubCo Entities
of the Transactions do not and will not require any Governmental Authorizations, other than:

(a)the filing of the Articles of Merger (appending the Plan of Merger) and other documents required by the BVI Companies Act to effect
the Merger, with the BVI Registry, as may be required;

(b)the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) of a registration statement on Form S-4 (together
with all amendments and supplements thereto, and including the Proxy Statement contained therein, the PubCo Registration Statement);

(c)any other filings or reports that may be required in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions under the Exchange Act,
the Securities Act or any other state or federal securities, takeover or blue sky
Laws;

(d)compliance with Nasdaq rules and regulations; and

(e)such other Governmental Authorizations, where the failure to obtain such Governmental Authorizations would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.04 Corporate Authorization. Each PubCo Entity has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and, subject to the receipt of the Requisite PubCo Vote, to consummate the Transactions, including the issuance of stock
to the Company Shareholders. The PubCo Board has unanimously (a) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the
Transactions, including the issuance of PubCo Common Stock to the Company Shareholders, (b) declared that it is fair to, advisable
and in the best interests of PubCo and the PubCo Stockholder that PubCo enter into this Agreement and consummate the Transactions,
including the Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and (c) recommended to the PubCo
Stockholders that they approve the PubCo Stockholder Matters. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each
PubCo Entity and, assuming that the Requisite PubCo Vote is received, the consummation by each PubCo Entity of the Transactions have
been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of each PubCo Entity. This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by the PubCo Entities and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of each PubCo Entity
enforceable against each PubCo Entity in accordance with its terms (except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors rights, and to general equitable principles). The Requisite PubCo Vote is the only vote of the holders of any class
or series of capital stock of PubCo required to approve and adopt this Agreement and the Transactions.

-23-

Section 4.05 Non-Contravention.
Except as set forth in Section 4.05 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, and subject to receiving the Requisite PubCo Vote and the
Governmental Authorizations applicable to PubCo, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each PubCo Entity and the
consummation of the Transactions do not and will not (a) contravene or conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, any provision
of (i) the PubCo Organizational Documents, or (ii) the comparable organizational or governing documents of any of the Subsidiaries of
the PubCo Entities, (b) contravene or conflict with, or result in any material violation or breach of, any Law applicable to any of the
PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries or by which any PubCo Assets are bound, (c) result in any violation, termination,
acceleration of any material obligation, cancellation, material payment or breach of, or constitute a default (with or without notice
or lapse of time or both) or require any notice or consent under, any PubCo Material Contracts or PubCo Real Property Leases to which
the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party or by which any PubCo Assets are bound, or (d) result in the creation
of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the PubCo Assets, except, in the case of clauses (a)(ii), (b), (c), and (d), as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.06 Capitalization.

(a)As of the date of this Agreement, PubCos authorized capital stock consists solely of (i) 100,000,000 shares of PubCo Common
Stock, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of PubCo Preferred Stock.

(b)Except as set forth in Section 4.06(a) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, to the extent expressly permitted under Section
5.02 (including as required by applicable Law) or as set forth in Section 4.06(g) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, (i) there are no
outstanding shares of capital stock of any PubCo Entity (subject to any exercise of PubCo Stock Options after the date of this Agreement
each in accordance with their terms), (ii) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible securities, rights
of first refusal, preemptive rights, or other similar rights (whether or not currently exercisable), agreements or commitments (other
than this Agreement) relating to the issuance or acquisition of capital stock to which any of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries is a party obligating the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries to (A) issue, transfer or sell any shares
of capital stock or other equity interests of any of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries or securities convertible
into or exchangeable for such shares or equity interests, or (B) grant, extend or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, call,
convertible securities or other similar right, agreement or arrangement, (C) redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any such shares of
capital stock or other equity interests, or (D) provide an amount of funds to, or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries or any other Person, and (iii) other than pursuant to this Agreement, there
is no condition or circumstance that could be reasonably likely to give rise to or provide a basis for the assertion of a claim by any
Person to the effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any shares of PubCo Capital Stock. There are no outstanding or
authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or other similar rights with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(c) All outstanding shares
of PubCo Common Stock have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to any
pre-emptive rights, right of participation, right of maintenance or any similar right. All outstanding shares of PubCo Common Stock
and PubCo Stock Options were offered, sold and issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable securities Laws and
were not issued in violation in any material respect of (i) the PubCo Organizational Documents or (ii) any Contract.

-24-

(d)Each outstanding share of capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary of the PubCo Entities is duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, in each case, to the extent such concepts are applicable to such capital stock or other
equity interests, and not subject to any pre-emptive rights, right of participation, right of maintenance, or any similar right.

(e)Except as set forth in this Section 4.06, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the PubCo Entities or any
of their respective Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any capital stock of the PubCo Entities, including shares
of PubCo Common Stock, or capital stock of any Subsidiary of PubCo.

(f)There are no voting trusts, proxies or similar agreements, arrangements or commitments to which the PubCo Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries is a party with respect to the voting of any shares of capital stock of any of the PubCo Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other instruments of indebtedness of the PubCo Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries that entitle the holder of such instruments of indebtedness to vote together with stockholders of the PubCo Entities
on any matters with respect to the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

(g)Except for the PubCo Equity Plans, PubCo does not have any stock option plan or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement
providing for any equity-based compensation for any Person. Section 4.06(g) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter sets forth the following
information with respect to each PubCo Stock Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name of the optionee; (ii) the
number of shares of PubCo Common Stock subject to such PubCo Stock Option at the time of grant; (iii) the number of shares of PubCo
Common Stock subject to such PubCo Stock Option as of the date of this Agreement; (iv) the exercise price of such PubCo Stock Option;
(v) the date on which such PubCo Stock Option was granted; (vi) the applicable vesting schedule, including the number of vested
and unvested shares as of the date of this Agreement and any acceleration provisions; (vii) the date on which such PubCo Stock Option
expires; and (viii) whether such PubCo Stock Option is intended to constitute an incentive stock option (as defined
in the Code) or a non-qualified stock option. PubCo has made available to the Company an accurate and complete copy of the PubCo Equity
Plan and a form of stock option agreement that is consistent in all material respects with the stock option agreements evidencing outstanding
options granted thereunder.

Section 4.07 Subsidiaries.

(a) Section 4.07(a)
of the PubCo Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list of each Subsidiary of PubCo. PubCo has made available to the
Company the organizational documents of each Subsidiary of the PubCo Entities.

(b)All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary of PubCo have been duly authorized and are validly
issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. Each of the Subsidiaries of PubCo is wholly owned by PubCo, directly or indirectly, free and clear
of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transfer (other than restrictions under applicable Law). Other than the Subsidiaries
listed in Section 4.07(a) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter or as set forth in Section 4.07(b) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter,
PubCo does not own, directly or indirectly, any equity, membership interest, partnership interest, joint venture interest, or other equity
or voting interest in, or any interest convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for any of the foregoing, nor is it under any current
or prospective obligation to form or participate
in, provide funds to, make any loan, capital contribution, guarantee, credit enhancement or other investment in, or assume any liability
or obligation of, any Person.

-25-

(c)Except as set forth on Section 4.07(c) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, neither PubCo nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to, has any commitment to become a party to, any joint venture, off balance sheet partnership or any similar Contract (including any Contract
or arrangement relating to any transaction or relationship between or among the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, on the
one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, including any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity or Person, on
the other hand, or any off balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act)).

Section 4.08 SEC
Filings and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(a) PubCo has filed with
or furnished to the SEC (subject to extensions pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 12b-25) each report, statement, schedule, form,
certification or other document (including exhibits and all other information incorporated therein) or filing required by applicable
Law to be filed with or furnished by PubCo to the SEC in a timely manner. PubCo has delivered to the Company accurate and complete
copies of all reports, statements (including registration and proxy statements), schedules, forms, certifications or other document
(including exhibits and all other information incorporated therein) filed by PubCo with the SEC since January 1, 2023 (the documents
referred to in this Section 4.08(a), as they may have been supplemented, modified or amended since the initial filing date
and together with all exhibits thereto and information incorporated by reference therein, the PubCo SEC
Reports), other than such documents that can be obtained on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. No Subsidiary of
PubCo is required to file or furnish any report, statement, schedule, form, registration statement, proxy statement, certification
or other document with, or make any other filing with, or furnish any other material to, the SEC.

(b)As of its filing date (or, if amended, supplemented, modified or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, on
the date of such filing), each PubCo SEC Report complied, and each such PubCo SEC Report filed subsequent to the date of this Agreement
and prior to the Effective Time will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to each such PubCo SEC Report.

(c)As of its filing date (or, if amended, supplemented, modified or superseded by another filing prior to the date of this Agreement,
on the date of such filing), each PubCo SEC Report filed on or prior to the date hereof did not, and each such PubCo SEC Report filed
subsequent to the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each PubCo SEC Report that is a registration statement, as amended or
supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the Securities Act, as of the date such registration statement, amendment or supplement
became effective, did not, and each such PubCo SEC Report filed subsequent to the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time,
as of the date such registration statement, amendment or supplement becomes effective, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(d)As of the date of this Agreement, PubCo has not received, and there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in, any comment letters
received by PubCo from the SEC with respect to the PubCo SEC Reports and to PubCos Knowledge, none of the PubCo SEC Reports have
been the subject of any review of, or is the subject of any ongoing review by, the SEC.

-26-

(e) With respect to each annual report on Form 10-K and each quarterly report on Form 10-Q (and any amendments to such Form 10-K or
10-Q) included in the PubCo SEC Reports, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of PubCo have made all certifications
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC (including certifications required by
Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), and (i) the statements contained
in any such certifications were complete and correct and (ii) such certifications complied with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, in each case, in all material respects as of their respective dates. As of the date of this Agreement, PubCo has not received written
notice from the SEC challenging or questioning the accuracy, completeness, form or manner of filing of such certifications made with respect
to the PubCo SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement. PubCo is in compliance in all material respects with all current listing
and corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq and is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions, rules, regulations
and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. PubCo has not received any correspondence from any officials of Nasdaq or the staff thereof
relating to the delisting or maintenance of listing of the PubCo Common Stock on Nasdaq.

Section 4.09 Financial
Statements; Internal Controls.

(a)The audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of PubCo and its consolidated
Subsidiaries included in the PubCo SEC Reports:

(i)complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC;

(ii)were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes to those financial
statements); and

(iii) fairly
presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position of PubCo and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of any
unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of notes). PubCo maintains and since January
1, 2023, has maintained disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act. Such
disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed and reasonably effective to ensure that all information (both financial
and non-financial) relating to the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries required to be disclosed in PubCos
periodic reports under the Exchange Act is made known to the PubCos principal executive officer and its principal financial
officer by others within the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, and such disclosure controls and procedures are
effective in timely alerting the PubCos principal executive officer and its principal financial officer to such information
required to be included in the PubCos periodic reports required under the Exchange Act. PubCo maintains a system of
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
reasonably sufficient (i) to provide reasonable assurance (A) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, (B) that transactions are executed only in accordance with the
authorization of management, and (C) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
PubCos properties or assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements, and (ii) such that all material
information is accumulated and communicated to its management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
and to make the certifications required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. From January 1, 2023, until
the date of this Agreement, PubCo has disclosed to PubCos auditors and the audit committee of the PubCo Board and made
available to the Company prior to the date of this Agreement (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect PubCos or any of
its Subsidiaries ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information in any material respect, and (ii) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the PubCo internal
controls, in each case, if any. From January 1, 2023, until the date of this Agreement, to the Knowledge of PubCo, neither PubCo nor
any of its Subsidiaries has received any written complaint, allegation, assertion or claim regarding the accounting or auditing
practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of PubCo or its Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls.

-27-

(b)There are no off-balance sheet arrangements to which the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party of any
type required to be disclosed in the PubCo SEC Reports pursuant to Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act
that have not been so described in the PubCo SEC Reports.

(c)To the Knowledge of PubCo, PubCos independent registered accounting firm has at all times since the date PubCo became subject
to the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act been: (i) a registered public accounting firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); (ii) Independent with respect to PubCo within the meaning of Regulation S-X under the Exchange
Act; and (iii) in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board thereunder.

(d)There have been no formal investigations regarding financial reporting or accounting policies and practices discussed with, reviewed
by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer or general counsel
of PubCo, the PubCo Board or any committee thereof, other than ordinary course audits or reviews of accounting policies and practices
or internal controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(e)Each director and executive officer of PubCo has filed with the SEC on a timely basis all statements required by Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. PubCo has not taken any action prohibited by Section 402
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Section 4.10 Undisclosed
Liabilities. As of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter and
PubCo SEC Reports, there are no Liabilities of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, individually or in the
aggregate, other than:

(a)Liabilities reflected or reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet of PubCo and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the
PubCo Balance Sheet Date or the footnotes thereto set forth in the PubCo SEC Reports;

(b)Liabilities incurred since the PubCo Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business (none of which is a Liability for tort,
breach of contract or environmental Liability);

(c)Liabilities incurred in connection with the Transactions or as permitted or contemplated expressly by this Agreement;

(d)Liabilities incurred pursuant to PubCo Material Contracts binding on PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries (other than those resulting
from any breach or default under such PubCo Material Contract); and

-28-

(e) Liabilities that would not, individually or in aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the PubCo Entities and their
respective Subsidiaries.

Section 4.11 Absence
of Certain Changes. Except as otherwise expressly contemplated or required by this Agreement, or as set forth in Section
4.11 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, since the Balance Sheet Date to the date of this Agreement, (a) the business of PubCo and
each of its Subsidiaries has been conducted, in all material respects, in the ordinary course of business, (b) there has not been
any PubCo Material Adverse Effect, and (c) there has not been or occurred any event, condition, action or effect that, if taken
during this period, would constitute a breach of Section 5.02.

Section 4.12 Litigation.
Except as set forth in Section 4.12 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, from the Balance Sheet Date through the date of this
Agreement, (a) there are no Legal Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of PubCo, threatened against the PubCo Entities or any of
their respective Subsidiaries or any of their assets or properties that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to be material to the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, and (b) there are no Orders outstanding against the
PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their assets or properties that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries.

Section 4.13 Material
Contracts.

(a)Section 4.13 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of each of the following Contracts to which, as of the date
of this Agreement, the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party (each, a PubCo Material Contract):

(i)any material contract (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC as determined as of
the date of this Agreement, other than those agreements and arrangements described in Item 601(b)(10)(iii)) with respect to PubCo;

(ii)each Contract (A) not to (or otherwise restricting or limiting the ability of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries
to) compete in any line of business or geographic area or (B) to restrict the ability of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective
Subsidiaries to conduct business in any geographic area;

(iii)each Contract (other than any PubCo Benefit Plan) providing for or resulting in payments by the PubCo Entities or any of their
respective Subsidiaries that exceeded annual payments by a PubCo Entity or any of their Subsidiaries that exceed $250,000;

(iv)all Contracts granting to any Person an option or a first refusal, first offer or similar preferential right to purchase or acquire
any material PubCo Assets;

(v)all material Contracts (A) for the granting or receiving of a license, sublicense or franchise (in each case, including any such
Contracts relating to any Intellectual Property) providing for or resulting in a payment in excess of $250,000 per year or (B) under which
any Person is obligated to pay or has the right to receive a royalty, license fee, franchise fee or similar payment in which it is reasonably
expected to pay or receive a royalty, license fee, franchise fee or similar payment in excess of $250,000, in each case of clause (A)
and (B), other than agreements with employees, non-exclusive licenses granted to a PubCo Entitys or its Subsidiaries
customers, and non-exclusive licenses to commercially available, off-the-shelf Software that have been granted on standardized, generally
available terms;

-29-

(vi) all
partnership, joint venture or other similar agreements or arrangements;

(vii) any
agreement with any director, officer or stockholder of PubCo or any Subsidiary that is required to be described under Item 404 of
Regulation S-K of the SEC in the PubCo SEC Reports;

(viii)any
agreement relating to indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property (in either case, whether incurred,
assumed, guaranteed or secured by any asset), except any such agreement with an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding
$1,000,000;

(ix) any
agreement for the disposition or acquisition by the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries, with material
obligations of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries (other than confidentiality obligations) remaining to be
performed or material Liabilities of the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries continuing after the date of this
Agreement, of any material business or any material amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business;

(x)any agreement restricting or limiting the payment of dividends or the making of distributions to stockholders, including intercompany
dividends or distributions other than such restrictions or limitations that are required by applicable Law; and

(xi)all material agreements with any Governmental Authority.

(b)A true and complete copy of each PubCo Material Contract (including any related amendments) entered into prior to the date of this
Agreement has been filed as an exhibit (by reference or otherwise) to a PubCo Annual Report on Form 10-K, or disclosed by PubCo in a subsequent
PubCo SEC Report or made available to the Company prior to the date of this Agreement. Each PubCo Material Contract is a valid and binding
agreement of PubCo or its applicable Subsidiary, except where the failure to be valid and binding would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not, be material to PubCo, (i) neither PubCo or such Subsidiary
nor, to the Knowledge of PubCo, any other party, is in breach of or default under any such PubCo Material Contract, (ii) as of the date
of this Agreement, there are no material disputes with respect to any such PubCo Material Contract, (iii) as of the date of this Agreement,
there are no material Liabilities incurred under PubCo Material Contracts binding on PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries that resulted from
the breach or failure to perform by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iv) as of the date of this Agreement, no party under
any PubCo Material Contract has given written notice of its intent to terminate or otherwise seek a material amendment to such PubCo Material
Contract.

Section 4.14 Benefit
Plans.

(a)Section 4.14(a) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter lists all material PubCo Benefit Plans. For purposes of this Agreement a
PubCo Benefit Plan is, whether or not written, (i) any employee benefit plan within the meaning of
Section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) any compensation, stock purchase, stock option, equity or equity-based compensation, severance, employment,
consulting, change-of-control, bonus, incentive, deferred compensation and other employee benefit plan, agreement, program or policy,
whether or not subject to ERISA, (iii) any plan, agreement, program or policy providing vacation benefits, insurance (including any self-insured
arrangements), medical, dental, vision or prescription benefits, disability or sick leave benefits, life insurance, employee assistance
program, workers compensation, supplemental unemployment benefits and post-employment or retirement benefits (including compensation,
pension or insurance benefits), or (iv) any loan to or for the benefit of an officer of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries, in each
case (A) under which any current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor of PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries has
any right to benefits, or (B) which are maintained, sponsored or contributed to by any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries or to which
any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries makes or is required to make contributions or with respect to which any PubCo Entity or any
of its Subsidiaries has any material Liability.

-30-

(b) With respect to each
material PubCo Benefit Plan, if applicable, PubCo has made available to the Company true and complete copies of (i) the plan
document and any amendments thereto and for any unwritten plan, a summary of the material terms, (ii) the most recent summary plan
description, (iii) the most recent annual report on Form 5500 (including all schedules), (iv) the most recent annual audited
financial statements, (v) if the PubCo Benefit Plan is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, the most recent
determination or opinion letter received from the Internal Revenue Service, (vi) any related trust or funding agreements or
insurance policies, and (vii) all material non-routine correspondence with respect to any Parent Benefit Plan with a Governmental
Authority.

(c)Neither PubCo, nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates maintains, sponsors, administers or contributes
to (or is required to sponsor, maintain, administer or contribute to), or has within the preceding six years maintained, sponsored or
contributed to, or has any Liability under or with respect to, (i) any employee benefit plan subject to Section 412 or Section 430 of
the Code or Title IV of ERISA, (ii) any multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA and 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), (iii) any multiple
employer plan (within the meaning of Section 210 of ERISA or Section 413(c) of the Code) or that is or has been subject to Section 4063
or 4064 of ERISA, or (iv) any multiple employer welfare arrangement (as defined in Section 3(40)(A) of ERISA). Neither PubCo nor its Affiliates
have ever incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(d)Each PubCo Benefit Plan is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code and other
applicable Laws and has been administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms and such Laws. With respect to each PubCo
Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, (i) such PubCo Benefit Plan has received a favorable determination
or opinion letter has been issued by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to such qualification, (ii) its related trust has been
determined to be exempt from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code, and (iii) to the Knowledge of the PubCo, no event has occurred
since the date of such qualification or exemption that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect such qualification or exemption.

(e)Neither PubCo nor any of its Subsidiaries has any current or projected Liability with respect to, and no PubCo Benefit Plan provides,
health, medical, life insurance or death benefits to current or former employees or other individual service providers of any PubCo Entity
or any of its Subsidiaries beyond their retirement or other termination of service, other than coverage mandated by COBRA or Section 4980B
of the Code, or any similar state group health plan continuation Law, the cost of which is fully paid by such current or former employees
or other individual service providers or their dependents. No PubCo Benefit Plan is maintained (or governed by the Laws) outside of the
United States or provides benefits to any service provider who is based or provides substantial services (in whole or in part) outside
of the United States.

(f)The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions will not (either alone or in combination
with another event) (i) result in any payment from any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries becoming due, or increase the amount of
any compensation due, to any current or former employee, director or independent contractor of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries,
(ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any PubCo Benefit Plan, (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment, vesting
of any compensation or benefits or forgiveness of indebtedness with respect to any current or former employee,
director or independent contractor of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) result in any funding, through a grantor trust
or otherwise, of any compensation or benefits to any current or former employee, director or independent contractor of any PubCo Entity
or any of its Subsidiaries under any PubCo Benefit Plan, (v) cause any amount to fail to be deductible by reason of Section 280G
of the Code or be characterized as an excess parachute payment (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the
Code), or (vi) result in any breach or violation of or default under or limit PubCos, Merger Subs or the Companys
right to amend, modify or terminate any PubCo Benefit Plan.

-31-

(g)Each PubCo Benefit Plan is, and has been at all times since January 1, 2023, in compliance in all material respects with Section 409A
of the Code. No person is entitled to any gross-up, make-whole or other additional payment from any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries
in respect of any Tax (including taxes imposed under Section 4999 or 409A of the Code).

(h)Since January 1, 2023, there have been no pending, or, to the Knowledge of PubCo, threatened, material claims, investigations,
audits or litigation against or involving any PubCo Benefit Plan, other than ordinary claims for benefits by participants and beneficiaries.

(i)Each PubCo Benefit Plan can be terminated at any time for any or no reason by PubCo and its Subsidiaries without any past, present
or future Liability or obligation to any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries (other than solely administrative expenses related to
such termination).

Section 4.15 Labor
Relations.

(a)(i) No employee of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries is represented by a union or is covered by an effective or pending
collective bargaining agreement or similar labor agreement and, to the Knowledge of PubCo, no labor union, or similar employee group to
organize any employees, organizing efforts are currently being conducted, (ii) neither any PubCo Entity nor any of its respective Subsidiaries
is a party to, and is not currently negotiating any entry into, any collective bargaining agreement or other labor Contract, and (iii)
no strike, picket, work stoppage, work slowdown or other organized labor dispute exists in respect of any PubCo Entity or any of its respective
Subsidiaries..

(b)Each of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries is, and has been since January 1, 2023, in compliance in all material
respects with all federal, state, local and foreign Laws regarding labor, employment and employment practices, including but not limited
to all Laws relating to: (i) the hiring, promotion, assignment and termination of employees (including but not limited to timing and usage
of employment applications, drug testing and pre-employment testing); (ii) discrimination; (iii) harassment; (iv) retaliation; (v) equal
employment opportunities; (vi) disability; (vii) labor relations; (viii) wages and hours; (ix) the FLSA; (x) hours of work; (xi) payment
of wages (including but not limited to the timing of payments, recordkeeping and reporting of wages to employees); (xii) immigration;
(xiii) workers compensation; (xiv) employee benefits; (xv) background and credit checks; (xvi) working conditions; (xvii) occupational
safety and health; (xviii) family and medical leave; (xix) classification of employees; (xx) unfair competition/noncompetition; and (xxi)
any bargaining or other obligations under the National Labor Relations Act.

(c)Neither PubCo nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any material Liability or obligation under the WARN Act that remains unsatisfied.

(d) Since January 1, 2023,
there are no material Legal Actions against PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries or, to PubCos Knowledge, investigations pending
or threatened related to any allegations of sexual harassment, discrimination or other misconduct against PubCo or any of its
respective current or former directors, officers or senior level management employees.

-32-

(e)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, there
are no pending or, to PubCos Knowledge, threatened claims, suits, actions or other legal proceeding against any PubCo Entity or
any of its Subsidiaries brought by or on behalf of any applicant for employment, any current or former employees or other individual service
providers of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries, any current or former leased employee, intern, volunteer or temp
of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries, or any person alleging to be a current or former employee, or any group or class of the
foregoing, or any Governmental Authority, alleging: (i) violation of any labor or employment Laws; (ii) breach of any collective bargaining
agreement; (iii) breach of any express or implied contract of employment; (iv) wrongful termination of employment; or (v) any other discriminatory,
wrongful or tortious conduct in connection with any employment relationship, including before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

(f)Since January 1, 2023 and to PubCos Knowledge, all individuals who perform or have performed services for any PubCo Entity
or any of its Subsidiaries have been properly classified under applicable Law in all material respects (i) as employees or individual
independent contractors, and (ii) for employees, as an exempt employee or a non-exempt employee (within the
meaning of the FLSA and state Law), and no such individual has been improperly included or excluded from any PubCo Benefit Plan, and neither
PubCo nor any of its Subsidiaries has notice of any pending or, to PubCos Knowledge, threatened inquiry or audit from any Governmental
Authority concerning any such classifications.

Section 4.16 Taxes.

(a)(i) All income and other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to the PubCo Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries have been timely filed (taking into account all applicable extensions), and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct
in all material respects, (ii) the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have fully and timely paid (or have had paid on their
behalf) all material Taxes due and payable (whether or not shown to be due on any Tax Return) and have made adequate provision in accordance
with GAAP for all material Taxes not yet due and payable in the most recent financial statements contained in the PubCo SEC Reports, and
(iii) the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to
the withholding and payment over to the appropriate Governmental Authority of all Taxes required to be withheld by the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

(b)(i) There are no outstanding agreements extending or waiving the statutory period of limitations applicable to any claim for, or
the period for the collection, assessment or reassessment of, any material Taxes due from the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries
for any taxable period and no request for any such waiver or extension is currently pending, (ii) no audit is presently in progress, pending
or threatened in writing with respect to any material Taxes due from or with respect to the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries,
(iii) no claim in writing has been made by any Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the PubCo Entities and their respective
Subsidiaries do not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction, and (iv) all material deficiencies
for Taxes asserted or assessed in writing against the PubCo Entities or any of their respective Subsidiaries have been fully and timely
paid or properly reflected under GAAP in the most recent financial statements contained in the PubCo SEC Reports.

(c)There are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets or properties of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, except for
Permitted Liens.

-33-

(d) Neither the PubCo Entities nor their respective Subsidiaries has participated in any listed transaction within the meaning of
Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b) (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law).

(e)The PubCo has not been a controlled corporation or a distributing corporation in any distribution occurring
during the three-year period ending on the date hereof that was purported or intended to be governed by Section 355 of the Code.

(f)Neither the PubCo Entities nor their respective Subsidiaries (i) is or has been a member of a group (other than a group the common
parent of which is a PubCo Entity) filing a consolidated, combined, affiliated, unitary or similar income Tax Return, or (ii) has any
Liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than any of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign Law), as a transferee, successor, by Contract (other than
pursuant to any ordinary course Contract, the principal purpose of which does not relate to Taxes) or otherwise.

(g)Neither the PubCo Entities nor their respective Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude
any material item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result
of (i) any change in, or use of improper, method of accounting adopted, requested or initiated at or prior to the Closing for a taxable
period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, (ii) any intercompany transaction or any excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations
under Section 1502 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign income Tax law), (iii) any installment sale or
open transaction disposition made at or prior to the Closing, (iv) any item of deferred revenue, (v) any election under Section 965
of the Code, (vi) any prepaid amounts received on or prior to the Closing Date, or (vii) any agreement entered into with any Governmental
Authority with respect to Taxes.

(h)No private letter rulings, technical advice memoranda or similar material agreements or rulings have been requested, entered into
or issued by any taxing authority with respect to the PubCo Entities or their respective Subsidiaries which rulings remain in effect.

(i)Neither the PubCo Entities nor their respective Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation, as defined
in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

(j)To the Knowledge of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, each of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries
has not been, is not, and immediately prior to the Effective Time will not be, treated as an investment company within the
meaning of Section 368(a)(2)(F) of the Code.

(k)PubCo is, and has been since its date of formation, a C corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

(l) Neither the PubCo Entities
nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has taken any action that could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying
for the Intended Tax Treatment. To the Knowledge of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries, there are no facts or circumstances,
other than any facts and circumstances to the extent that such facts and circumstances exist or arise as a result of or related to any
act or omission occurring after the date of this Agreement of the Company or any of its Affiliates not contemplated by this Agreement,
that could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment.

-34-

Section 4.17 Environmental
Matters. Except would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect:

(a)PubCo and its Subsidiaries comply and have complied with all applicable Environmental Laws, in all material respects;

(b)PubCo and its Subsidiaries possess all material Permits required under Environmental Laws necessary for their respective operations
as currently conducted, and are in compliance with such Permits, which are, and through the Closing Date shall remain, in full force and
effect;

(c)Neither PubCo nor any Subsidiary has received any notice or request for information from any Governmental Authority or other Third
Party related to any actual or alleged Liability under Environmental Law, including any investigatory, remedial or corrective obligations
or otherwise pertaining to Hazardous Substances;

(d)To the Knowledge of PubCo, no condition exists on any property owned or operated by PubCo and its Subsidiaries or any other location
which has given rise to, or would reasonably be expected to give rise to, any Liability relating to environmental or Hazardous Substances
matters or Environmental Laws; and

(e)To the Knowledge of PubCo, the Transactions do not require notice to, or approval from, any Governmental Authority under any Environmental
Law.

Section 4.18 Intellectual
Property.

(a)Each of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries owns, is licensed to use, pursuant to valid, enforceable and binding
Contracts, or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property used, held for use or necessary for the operation of the business
of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries (collectively, the PubCo Intellectual Property) free and
clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a PubCo Material Adverse Effect. Section 4.18(a) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of the following
which are owned or purported to be owned by any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) patents and patent applications, (ii) registered
trademarks and applications therefor, (iii) registered copyrights and applications therefor, and (iv) domain name registrations ((i) -
(iv), the PubCo Registered IP). Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the PubCo Entities and the consummation
by PubCo Entities of the Transactions do not and will not encumber, impair or extinguish any of the PubCo Intellectual Property.

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, none (i)
of the PubCo Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries (PubCo Owned
Intellectual Property) (A) has been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, or (B) is the subject of any cancellation
or reexamination proceeding or any other proceeding challenging its ownership, use, registrability, validity and enforceability, and (ii)
to the Knowledge of PubCo, all PubCo Registered IP is subsisting, in full force and effect, and, to the Knowledge of PubCo, valid and
enforceable, and all renewal fees and other maintenance fees have been paid. There exist no material contractual restrictions on the disclosure,
use, license or transfer of any PubCo Owned Intellectual Property.

(c) (i) To the Knowledge of the PubCo Entities, the conduct of the business of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries
does not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate, and has not, since January 1, 2023, infringed
upon, misappropriated, or otherwise violated, the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party, (ii) no Legal Action is pending, asserted
in writing, or to the Knowledge of PubCo, threatened against any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries that the conduct of the business
of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries infringes upon, misappropriates or otherwise violates the Intellectual Property rights
of any Third Party, and (iii) to the Knowledge of PubCo, no Person is infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating, or has,
since January 1, 2023, infringed upon, misappropriated, or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property owned by any PubCo Entity or
any of its Subsidiaries.

-35-

(d)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the PubCo
Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps in accordance with normal industry practice to maintain and protect
the confidentiality of all PubCo Intellectual Property s and the value of which is contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof.
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, none of the PubCo
Owned Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries and the value of
which is contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof, has been disclosed other than to Third Parties that are bound by customary,
written confidentiality agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and that are valid and
enforceable.

(e)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, all Persons
who have contributed, developed or conceived any PubCo Owned Intellectual Property have done so pursuant to a valid and enforceable Contract
(subject to enforceability exceptions for bankruptcy and insolvency and subject to principles of equity) that protects the confidential
information of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries and assigns to PubCo (or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable) exclusive
ownership of the Persons contribution, development or conception, other than Intellectual Property excluded by Law or non-assignable
moral rights.

(f)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, (i) PubCo
and its Subsidiaries have sufficient rights to use all of the IT Assets used or held for use in connection with the operation of the business
of PubCo and its Subsidiaries, (ii) in each case, the IT Assets operate and perform in all material respects in accordance with their
documentation and functional specifications and are sufficient or configurable to effectively perform all operations necessary for the
current operation of the business of PubCo and its Subsidiaries, and all IT Assets are owned or licensed under valid licenses and operated
by and are under the control of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (iii) the IT Assets have not materially malfunctioned or failed since
January 1, 2023, to the Knowledge of PubCo, do not contain any viruses, bugs, faults or other devices or effects that (A) enable or assist
any Person to access without authorization or disable or erase the IT Assets, or (B) otherwise materially adversely affect the functionality
of the IT Assets, (iv) PubCo and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps to provide for the remote-site back-up of data
and information critical to the conduct of the business of PubCo and its Subsidiaries and have in place commercially reasonable disaster
recovery and business continuity plans, procedures and facilities, (v) no Person has gained unauthorized access to any IT Assets since
January 1, 2023, (vi) PubCo and its Subsidiaries have maintained, continue to maintain, and caused their vendors to maintain, safeguards,
security measures and procedures against the unauthorized access, disclosure, destruction, loss, or alteration of customer data or information
(including any personal or device-specific information) in its possession or control that comply with any applicable contractual and legal
requirements and meet industry standards, and (vii) PubCo and its Subsidiaries have in place with the third-party owners and operators
of all data centers which provide services related to the business of PubCo and its Subsidiaries written agreements that ensure that such
Third Parties adhere to and are in compliance with commercially reasonable standards and requirements.

-36-

(g) Except as set forth in Section 4.18(g) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, each of the PubCo Entities is in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable Laws pertaining to (i) data security, cybersecurity, privacy, and (ii) the collection, storage,
use, access, disclosure, processing, security, and transfer of Personal Information, to the extent that it is subject to same. During
the past two (2) years, no claims have been asserted or, to the Knowledge of PubCo, threatened in writing against the PubCo Entities alleging
a violation of any Persons privacy or Personal Information. Each of the PubCo Entities has taken commercially reasonable steps
to protect the Personal Information collected, used or held for use by the PubCo Entities against loss and unauthorized access, use, modification,
disclosure or other misuse.

(h)To the Knowledge of PubCo, no government funding, facilities or resources of a university, college, other educational institution
or research center was used in the development of the PubCo Owned Intellectual Property, to the Knowledge of PubCo, exclusively licensed
to the PubCo Entities, and no Governmental Authority, university, college, other educational institution or research center has, to the
knowledge of PubCo, any claim or right in or to such Intellectual Property.

Section 4.19 Real
Property; Personal Property.

(a)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or have a valid and enforceable right to use or a
valid and enforceable leasehold interest in, all real property (including all buildings, fixtures and other improvements thereto) used
by the business of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries (the PubCo Real Property), and (ii) the ownership
of or leasehold interest in any PubCo Real Property is not subject to any Lien (except in all cases for Permitted Liens). Except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, neither PubCo nor any of its Subsidiaries
has leased, subleased, licensed, sublicensed or otherwise granted to any Person the right to use or occupy any PubCo Real Property or
any portion thereof, other than the right of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, there are no outstanding options, rights of first
offer or rights of first refusal to purchase any PubCo Real Property or any portion thereof or interest therein, and except for this Agreement,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contract to sell, transfer, or encumber any PubCo Real Property.

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, each of
the material leases, subleases and other agreements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries use or occupy or have the right
to use or occupy, now or in the future, any material real property (the PubCo Real Property Leases) is valid, binding
and in full force and effect (except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and
other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights, and to general equitable principles), and
no termination event or condition or uncured default on the part of the Company or its Subsidiaries exists under any PubCo Real Property
Lease.

(c)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or a valid and enforceable leasehold interest in,
all material PubCo Assets, (ii) the Company Assets are in good working order (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and is suitable and adequate
for the uses for which it is intended or is being used, and (iii) none of PubCos or any of its Subsidiaries ownership of
or leasehold interest in any such material PubCo Assets is subject to any Liens (except in all cases for Permitted Liens).

-37-

Section 4.20 Permits;
Compliance with Law.

(a)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, each of
the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries is in possession of all material Permits necessary for each of the PubCo Entities
and their respective Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate their respective properties and assets or to carry on their respective business
as it is now being conducted (collectively, the PubCo Permits). All such PubCo Permits are in full force and effect
in all material respects and no suspension or cancellation of any of the PubCo Permits is pending or, to the Knowledge of PubCo, has been
threatened in writing against any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries.

(b)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, each of
the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries has at all times since January 1, 2023 been in compliance in all material respects
with (i) all Laws applicable to PubCo or such Subsidiary or by which any of the PubCo Assets is bound, and (ii) all Laws applicable to,
and the terms and conditions of, any PubCo Permits.

Section 4.21 Regulatory
Matters.

(a)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries currently conduct, and have at all times since January 1, 2023, conducted their respective
business in compliance in compliance with all Laws applicable to their respective operations, activities or services and any Orders to
which they are a party or are subject, including any settlement agreements or corporate integrity agreements, (ii) except for routine
matters arising in the ordinary course of business, none of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice,
citation, suspension, revocation, limitation, warning, or request for repayment or refund issued by a Governmental Authority which alleges
or asserts that any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries has violated any Laws or which requires or seeks to adjust, modify or alter
PubCos or any of its Subsidiarys operations, activities, services or financial condition that has not been fully and finally
resolved to the Governmental Authoritys satisfaction without further Liability to the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries,
and (iii) there are no restrictions imposed by any Governmental Authority upon PubCos or any of its Subsidiaries business,
activities or services which would restrict or prevent any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries from operating as it currently operates.

(b)As of the date of this agreement and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo
Material Adverse Effect, PubCo and each of its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of PubCo, all of their respective directors, officers,
agents and employees, are in compliance in all material respects with, and the PubCo and each of its Subsidiaries have compliance programs
including policies and procedures reasonably designed to cause the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries and their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees to be in compliance in all material respects with, to the extent applicable, all Laws.

Section 4.22 Takeover
Statutes. The PubCo Board has taken all necessary action to ensure that the restrictions on business combinations that are
set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), and any other similar Law applicable to PubCo, will
not apply to this Agreement, the Transactions, including by approving this Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions. There
is no stockholder rights plan, poison pill anti-takeover plan or other similar plan, device or arrangement to which
PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or they are bound with respect to any capital stock of PubCo or any of
its Subsidiaries.

-38-

Section 4.23 Transactions
with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the PubCo SEC Reports, since PubCos last proxy statement, no event has occurred
that would be required to be reported by PubCo pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K.

Section 4.24 Insurance.
The PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries are covered by valid and currently effective insurance policies and all
premiums payable under such policies have been duly paid to date. None of the PubCo Entities or any of its Subsidiaries have
received any written notice of default or cancellation of any such policy. All material fire and casualty, general Liability,
business interruption, product Liability, and sprinkler and water damage insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of any PubCo
Entity or any of its Subsidiaries (PubCo Insurance Policies) provide adequate coverage for all normal risks
incident to the business of the PubCo Entities and their respective Subsidiaries and their respective properties and assets, except
for any such failures to maintain PubCo Insurance Policies that, individually or in the aggregate, are not reasonably be expected to
have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.25 Valid
Issuance. The PubCo Common Stock to be issued in the Merger will, when issued in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement, be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

Section 4.26 Brokers.
Except for the PubCo Financial Advisor, no broker, finder, adviser or investment banker, is entitled to any brokerage, success,
finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of any PubCo Entity or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.27 No
Other Representations or Warranties. PubCo acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties of
the Company set forth in Article III or in any certificate delivered by the Company to PubCo pursuant to this Agreement,
neither PubCo nor its Subsidiaries or their respective Affiliates or Representatives, is relying on any other representation or
warranty of the Company, any of its Affiliates or Representatives or any other Person made outside of Article III or such
certificate, including regarding the accuracy or completeness of any such other representations or warranties or the omission of any
material information, whether express or implied.

Article
V.COVENANTS

Section 5.01 Conduct
of Business of the Company. From and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time or the date, if any,
on which this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Article VII, except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by
this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.01 of the Company Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by Law, or (iv) with
the prior written consent of PubCo (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), the Company shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its operations only in the ordinary course
of business and in material compliance with all applicable Law and the requirements of all Contracts that constitute Company
Material Contracts. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except (i) as otherwise expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.01 of the Company Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by
applicable Law, or (iv) with the prior written consent of PubCo (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed), from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time or the date, if any, on which this Agreement is
earlier terminated pursuant to Article VII, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take any
of the following actions:

(a) Organizational
Documents. Amend any of the Company Organizational Documents or any of the comparable organizational documents of any of the
Companys Subsidiaries (including partnership agreements and limited liability company agreements);

-39-

(b) Dividends.
Make, declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or distribution on any of its shares;

(c) Share Capital.
(i) Adjust, split, combine or reclassify its share capital, (ii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
of its shares or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for any of its shares, (iii) issue, deliver or sell
to any employee of the Company any additional shares of the Company (or any Subsidiary thereof) or any securities convertible or
exchangeable into or exercisable for any shares of the Company (or any Subsidiary thereof) or such securities, or (iv) enter into
any Contract with respect to the voting or registration of its share capital;

(d) Compensation and
Benefits. Other than in the ordinary course of business, (i) materially increase the compensation or benefits payable or to
become payable to any employee, director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) grant any severance or
termination pay to any current or new employees, director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) renew or enter
into or amend any employment or severance agreement with any current or new employee, director or officer of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, (iv) establish, adopt, enter into, materially amend or terminate any Company Benefit Plan or any employee benefit
plan, agreement, policy or program that, if in effect on the date of this Agreement, would be a Company Benefit Plan, (v) enter
into, terminate, amend or negotiate any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement or Contract with any labor organization,
works council, trade union, labor association or other employee representative, (vi) implement any employee layoffs that could
trigger any Liability or notice requirements under the WARN Act, or (vii) take any action to accelerate the vesting, payment, or
funding of any compensation or benefits to any current or former employee, director or officer of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except, in each case, pursuant to the terms of any Company Benefit Plan in effect on the date of this Agreement that
has been made available to PubCo as of the date hereof;

(e) Insurance.
Terminate or modify in any material respect, or fail to exercise renewal rights with respect to, any material insurance policy;

(f)Dispositions. Sell, lease, license, transfer, pledge, encumber, grant or dispose of any Company Assets, including any Intellectual
Property rights and the share capital of Subsidiaries of the Company, that are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole other than (A) in connection with products or services offered or provided in the ordinary course of business, (B) the disposition
of used, obsolete or excess equipment in the ordinary course of business, or (C) expirations of Company Registered IP in accordance with
the applicable statutory term, grants of non-exclusive licenses of PubCo Owned Intellectual Property, or dispositions of non-material
Company Owned Intellectual Property, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(g) Acquisitions.
Acquire, by merger, consolidation, acquisition of equity interests or assets, or otherwise, any business, any material assets or
properties, or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other business organization or division
thereof, if the consideration paid by the Company in connection with any such acquisition individually, or all such acquisitions in
the aggregate, would exceed $250,000;

(h) Contracts. (i)
Enter into any Contract which if in effect as of the date of this Agreement would be a Company Material Contract or Company Real
Property Lease, (ii) enter into any Contract that would limit or otherwise restrict the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their successors, or that would, after the Effective Time, from engaging or competing in any line of business or in any geographic
area in any material respect, or (iii) terminate, cancel, request any material change in, materially amend or waive any material
rights under any Company Material Contract or Company Real Property Lease other than the expiration of any Company Material Contract
or Company Real Property Lease in accordance with its terms in the ordinary course of business (unless such action would otherwise
be prohibited under another subsection of this Section 5.01), or terminate, amend or waive any provisions of any
confidentiality or standstill agreements in place with any Third Parties;

-40-

(i) Indebtedness;
Guarantees. Incur, assume or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $1,000,000, other than: (i) pursuant to
any indebtedness instrument outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and made available to PubCo, (ii) pursuant to promissory
notes issued in connection with any acquisition by the Company, which is made pursuant to the terms set forth in Section
5.01(g), provided that the indebtedness under any such promissory note taken individually, and all such promissory notes in the
aggregate, does not exceed $250,000, (iii) in connection with interest rate hedges on terms in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or (iv) pursuant to any letters of credit that the Company enters into in the ordinary course of its
business;

(j) Loans. (i) Make
or forgive any loans, advances or capital contributions to (other than business advances in the ordinary course of business), or
investments in, any other Person (including any of its executive officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants), other than
by the Company or a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company to, or in, the Company or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business, or (ii) make any material change in its existing borrowing or lending arrangements for or on behalf of
such Persons;

(k) Tax. Other than
in the ordinary course of business: make or change or rescind any material Tax election, file any material amended Tax Return,
change or adopt any material method of Tax accounting, settle any material Tax claim or assessment, surrender in writing any right
to claim a material refund of Taxes, consent to (or request) any extensions or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any
material Tax claim or assessment, enter into any closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code
(or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law) or any voluntary disclosure agreement with any Governmental Authority,
in each case, with respect to a material amount of Taxes, incur any Taxes outside of the ordinary course of business, or take any
action, or knowingly fail to take any action, where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger
from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations;

(l) Legal Actions.
Commence, initiate, waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any Legal Action, or enter into any settlement agreement or other
understanding or agreement with any Governmental Authority (other than in the case of this clause, entry into commercial agreements
not relating to a dispute with such Governmental Authority in the ordinary course of business), relating to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, other than any such waiver, release, assignment, settlement or compromise with a Person that is not a Governmental
Authority that is limited only to the payment of money or other form of value that, collectively in respect of such waiver, release,
assignment, settlement or compromise, is not in excess of $1,000,000 individually or $3,000,000 in the aggregate;

(m) Accounting.
Materially change its accounting policies or procedures or any of its methods of reporting income, deductions or other items for
material accounting purposes or revalue any of its material assets other than as required by changes in GAAP or applicable Law after
the date hereof;

(n) Affiliate
Transactions. Enter into or amend any arrangement or Contract with any Affiliate, director, officer or shareholder of the
Company that would reasonably be expected to materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Transactions;

(o) Inhibiting
Transactions. Take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the Transactions set forth
in Article VI of this Agreement not being satisfied or satisfaction of those conditions being materially delayed; or

-41-

(p) Related
Actions. Agree in writing or otherwise enter into a binding agreement to do any of the foregoing.

Nothing contained in this Agreement
shall give PubCo, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of the Company prior to the Effective Time. Prior
to the Effective Time, the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete unilateral control
and supervision over its business operations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no consent of the
PubCo shall be required with respect to any matter set forth in this Section 5.01 or elsewhere in this Agreement to the extent
that the requirement of such consent could violate any applicable Laws.

Section 5.02 Conduct
of Business of PubCo. From and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time or the date, if any, on
which this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Article VII, except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.02 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by Law, or (iv) with the prior
written consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), PubCo shall, and shall cause
each of its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its operations only in the ordinary course of business
and in material compliance with all applicable Law and the requirements of all Contracts that constitute PubCo Material Contracts.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except (i) as otherwise expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement,
(ii) as set forth in Section 5.02 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) with the prior
written consent of PubCo (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld conditioned or delayed), from and after the date of this
Agreement and prior to the Effective Time or the date, if any, on which this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Article
VII, PubCo shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, take any of the following actions:

(a) Organizational
Documents. Amend any of the PubCo Organizational Documents or any of the comparable organizational documents of any of
PubCos Subsidiaries (including partnership agreements and limited liability company agreements); provided, however,
that immediately prior to the Effective Time, PubCo shall be permitted to amend its certificate of incorporation pursuant to Section
1.05(b).

(b) Dividends.
Make, declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or distribution on any shares of its capital stock;

(c) Capital Stock.
Other than with respect to the Reverse Stock Split, (i) adjust, split, combine or reclassify its capital stock, (ii) redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of its capital stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable
into or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock, (iii) issue, deliver or sell to any PubCo Employee any additional shares of
its capital stock or any securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock or such
securities (other than pursuant to the exercise of PubCo Stock Options outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and in
accordance with their terms), or (iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the sale, voting, registration or repurchase of its
capital stock;

(d) Compensation and
Benefits. (i) Materially increase the compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to any current or new PubCo Employee
or any directors or officers, (ii) grant any severance or termination pay to any PubCo Employee or any directors or officers, (iii)
renew or enter into or amend any employment or severance agreement with any PubCo Employee or any directors or officers, (iv)
establish, adopt, enter into, materially amend or terminate any PubCo Benefit Plan or any employee benefit plan, agreement, policy
or program that, if in effect on the date of this Agreement, would be a PubCo Benefit Plan, (v) enter into, terminate, amend or
negotiate any collective bargaining agreement or other agreement or Contract with any labor organization, works council, trade
union, labor association or other employee representative, (vi) implement any employee layoffs that could trigger any Liability or
notice requirements under the WARN Act, or (vii) take any action to accelerate the vesting, payment, or funding of any compensation
or benefits to any current or former PubCo Employee or any directors or officers, except, in each case, to the extent required by
applicable Law, this Agreement or in terms of any PubCo Benefit Plan in effect on the date of this Agreement that has been made
available to the Company as of the date hereof;

-42-

(e) Insurance.
Other than for the avoidance of doubt, obtaining tail insurance coverage in connection with Closing, terminate or
modify in any material respect, or fail to exercise renewal rights with respect to, any material insurance policy.

(f) Dispositions.
Except as the Parties may otherwise agree, sell, lease, license, transfer, pledge, encumber, grant or dispose of any PubCo Assets,
including any Intellectual Property rights, the capital stock of Subsidiaries of PubCo, that are material to the PubCo Entities and
their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole other than (A) in connection with products or services offered or provided in the
ordinary course of business, (B) the disposition of used, obsolete or excess equipment in the ordinary course of business, or (C)
expirations of PubCo Registered IP in accordance with the applicable statutory term, grants of non-exclusive licenses of PubCo Owned
Intellectual Property, or dispositions of non-material Company Owned Intellectual Property, in each case in the ordinary course of
business.

(g) Acquisitions.
Acquire, by merger, consolidation, acquisition of equity interests or assets, or otherwise, any business, any material assets or
properties, or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other business organization or division
thereof, if the consideration paid by the PubCo Entities in connection with any such acquisition individually, or all such
acquisitions in the aggregate, would exceed $250,000.

(h) Contracts. (i)
Enter into any Contract which if in effect as of the date of this Agreement would be a PubCo Material Contract or PubCo Real
Property Lease, other than in the ordinary course of business (unless such Contract would otherwise be prohibited under another
subsection of this Section 5.02), (ii) enter into any Contract that would limit or otherwise restrict PubCo or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their successors, or that would, after the Effective Time, from engaging or competing in any line of
business or in any geographic area in any material respect, or (iii) terminate, cancel, request any material change in, materially
amend or waive any material rights under any PubCo Material Contract or PubCo Real Property Lease other than the expiration of any
PubCo Material Contract or PubCo Real Property Lease in accordance with its terms in the ordinary course of business (unless such
action would otherwise be prohibited under another subsection of this Section 5.02), or terminate, amend or waive any
provisions of any confidentiality or standstill agreements in place with any Third Parties;

(i) Indebtedness;
Guarantees. Incur, assume or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money, other than (i) pursuant to any indebtedness
instrument outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and made available to the Company, and (ii) pursuant to promissory notes
issued in connection with any acquisition by the PubCo Entities, which is made pursuant to the terms set forth in Section
5.02(g), provided that the indebtedness under any such promissory note taken individually, and all such promissory notes in the
aggregate, does not exceed $250,000;

(j) Loans. (i) Make
or forgive any loans, advances or capital contributions to (other than business advances in the ordinary course of business), or
investments in, any other Person (including any of its executive officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants), other than
by PubCo or a wholly owned Subsidiary of PubCo to, or in, PubCo or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business, or (ii) make any material change in its existing borrowing or lending arrangements for or on behalf of such Persons;

-43-

(k) Tax. Other than
in the ordinary course of business: make or change or rescind any material Tax election, file any material amended Tax Return,
change or adopt any material method of Tax accounting, settle any material Tax claim or assessment, surrender in writing any right
to claim a material refund of Taxes, consent to (or request) any extensions or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any
material Tax claim or assessment, enter into any closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code
(or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law) or any voluntary disclosure agreement with any Governmental Authority,
in each case, with respect to a material amount of Taxes, incur any Taxes outside of the ordinary course of business, or take any
action, or knowingly fail to take any action, where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger
from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations;

(l) Accounting.
Materially change its accounting policies or procedures or any of its methods of reporting income, deductions or other items for
material accounting purposes or revalue any of its material assets other than as required by changes in GAAP or applicable Law after
the date hereof;

(m) Legal Actions.
Commence, initiate, waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any Legal Action, or enter into any settlement agreement or other
understanding or agreement with any Governmental Authority (other than in the case of this clause, entry into commercial agreements
not relating to a dispute with such Governmental Authority in the ordinary course of business), relating to PubCo or any of its
Subsidiaries, other than any such waiver, release, assignment, settlement or compromise with a Person that is not a Governmental
Authority that is limited only to the payment of money or other form of value that, collectively in respect of such waiver, release,
assignment, settlement or compromise, is not in excess of $500,000 individually or $1,000,000 in the aggregate;

(n) Affiliate
Transactions. Enter into or amend any arrangement or Contract with any Affiliate, director, officer or stockholder of PubCo that
would reasonably be expected to materially delay or prevent the consummation of the Transactions or that would be required to be
described under Item 404 of Regulation S-K of the SEC;

(o) Inhibiting
Transactions. Take any action that would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the Transactions set forth
in Article VI of this Agreement not being satisfied or satisfaction of those conditions being materially delayed; or

(p) Related
Actions. Agree in writing or otherwise enter into a binding agreement to do any of the foregoing.

Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall give the Company, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of PubCo prior to the Effective
Time. Prior to the Effective Time, PubCo shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete unilateral
control and supervision over its business operations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no consent
of the Company shall be required with respect to any matter set forth in this Section 5.02 or elsewhere in this Agreement to the
extent that the requirement of such consent could violate any applicable Laws.

-44-

Section 5.03 Access
to Information; Confidentiality.

(a) From the date of this
Agreement through the Effective Time (or if earlier, the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article VII),
the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts to, upon reasonable notice, (i) provide
to PubCo and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the officers, employees, properties, books,
records, work papers and other documents and information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish promptly such
information, including copies of books, records, work papers, Tax Returns and other documents and information relating to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, as PubCo or its Representatives may reasonably request, (iii) permit PubCos officers and other
employees to meet, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours, with the chief financial officer and other officers and
managers of the Company that are responsible for the Companys financial statements and internal controls to discuss such
matters as the other party may reasonably request, and (iv) make available to PubCo copies of any material notice, report or other
document filed with or sent to or received from any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions.

(b)From the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time (or if earlier, the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant
to Article VII), PubCo shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts to, upon reasonable notice,
(i) provide to the Company and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the officers, employees, properties,
books, records, work papers and other documents and information relating to PubCo and its Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish promptly such information,
including copies of books, records, work papers, Tax Returns and other documents and information relating to PubCo and its Subsidiaries,
as the Company or its Representatives may reasonably request, (iii) permit the Companys officers and other employees to meet, upon
reasonable notice and during normal business hours, with the chief financial officer and other officers and managers of PubCo that are
responsible for PubCos financial statements and internal controls to discuss such matters as the other party may reasonably request,
and (iv) make available to the Company copies of any material notice, report or other document filed with or sent to or received from
any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither PubCo nor the Company shall be required to provide such access if it reasonably determines
that it would (i) materially disrupt or impair the business or operations of PubCo or the Company, as applicable, or any of their respective
Subsidiaries, or (ii) constitute a violation of any applicable Law. Nothing herein shall require the Company or PubCo or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to disclose information to the extent such information would result in a waiver of attorney-client privilege,
work product doctrine or similar privilege or violate any confidentiality obligation of such Party existing as of the date of this Agreement
(provided that such Party shall use reasonable best efforts to permit such disclosure to be made in a manner consistent with the protection
of such privilege or to obtain any consent required to permit such disclosure to be made without violation of such confidentiality obligations,
as applicable).

(d)PubCo and the Company shall comply with and shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause their respective Representatives to
comply with, all of their respective obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement, with respect to the information disclosed under
this Section 5.03. The Company acknowledges that the information provided to it is subject to the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement.

Section 5.04 No
Solicitation.

(a)No Solicitation or Facilitation of Proposals. Except as permitted by this Section 5.04, at any time prior to the
Specified Time, neither PubCo, PubCos Subsidiaries, the Company, or the Companys Subsidiaries shall, and PubCo and the Company
shall instruct and use reasonable best efforts to cause its Representatives not to, and shall not authorize or knowingly permit any of
its Representatives to, directly or indirectly:

-45-

(i) solicit, initiate or propose the making, submission or announcement of, or knowingly encourage, facilitate or assist, any proposal
or offer that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal;

(ii)terminate, waive, amend or modify any provision of any existing confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement with respect to
a potential Takeover Proposal;

(iii)enter into any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement or
similar agreement (an Alternative Acquisition Agreement) providing for the consummation of a transaction contemplated
by any Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement referred to in this Section 5.04(a) entered into in the circumstances
referred to in this Section 5.04(a));

(iv)take any action that would reasonably be expected to lead to Takeover Proposal;

(v)other than informing Persons of the existence of the provisions of this Section 5.04, enter into, continue or otherwise
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person any non-public information of such Party for the
purpose of encouraging, facilitating or responding to, any Takeover Proposal or any proposal or inquiry that is reasonably expected to
lead to a Takeover Proposal; and

(vi)publicly propose to do any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
or anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement and subject to compliance with this Section 5.04, prior to the Specified
Time, a Party may, in response to an unsolicited bona fide written Takeover Proposal from a Qualified Person, (A) furnish non-public information
with respect to such Party and its Subsidiaries to such Qualified Person (and the Representatives of such Qualified Person), pursuant
to a confidentiality agreement not materially less restrictive with respect to the obligations (including confidentiality obligations,
use restrictions, non-solicit provisions, no hire provisions and standstill provisions) of such Qualified Person than the Confidentiality
Agreement, provided that such confidentiality agreement shall not (x) grant any exclusive right to negotiate with such counterparty,
(y) prohibit such Party from satisfying its obligations hereunder, or (z) require the such Party to pay or reimburse the counterpartys
fees, costs or expenses, (B) engage in discussions or negotiations (including solicitation of revised Takeover Proposals) with any such
Qualified Person (and the Representatives of such Qualified Person) regarding any Takeover Proposal, and (C) amend, or grant a waiver
or release under, any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any PubCo Common Stock or any Company Ordinary Shares, as applicable,
with any Qualified Person; provided, however, that (A) the board of directors of such Party has determined in good faith
based on the advice of outside legal counsel, that the failure to take the actions contemplated by this sentence would be reasonably likely
to result in a breach of the fiduciary duties of the such Partys board of directors under applicable Law, (B) neither such applicable
Party nor its Representative has breached this Section 5.04, (C) at least two Business Days prior to furnishing any such non-public
information to, or entering into discussions with, any such Qualified Person, such Party gives the other Party written notice of the identity
of such Qualified Person (unless, in the case of clause (iv), such disclosure is prohibited pursuant to the terms of any confidentiality
agreement with such Person that is in effect on the date of this Agreement) and of such Partys intention to furnish non-public
information to, or enter into discussions with, such Qualified Person, (D) substantially contemporaneously with furnishing any non-public
information to any such Qualified Person, such Party furnishes such non-public information to the other Party (to the extent such information
has not been previously furnished by such Party to the other Party), and (E) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Agreement, such Party shall continue to observe its obligations
under the Confidentiality Agreement including not furnishing any such Qualified Person with any confidential information of the other
Party.

-46-

(b)Notice. PubCo or the Company, as applicable, shall promptly (and in any event within 24 hours) advise the other Party orally,
with written confirmation to promptly follow, of: (i) such Partys receipt of any written or oral Takeover Proposal; (ii) a summary
of the material terms and conditions of any such Takeover Proposal; (iii) a copy of the Alternative Acquisition Agreement and other material
written proposals or offers delivered with, or in connection with, such Takeover Proposal; and (iv) the identity of the Person making
any such Takeover Proposal (unless, in the case of clause (iv), such disclosure is prohibited pursuant to the terms of any confidentiality
agreement with such Person that is in effect on the date of this Agreement). Such Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed
in all material respects of any material developments with respect to any Takeover Proposal (and any subsequent amendments or modifications
or proposed amendments or modifications thereto), in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and in any event within 24 hours
of receipt, provision or occurrence thereof. Such Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed with respect to the status and
terms of any such Takeover Proposal and any material modification or material proposed modification thereto.

(c)No Change in Recommendation or Alternative Acquisition Agreement. At any time prior to the Specified Time:

(i)the board of directors of either Party shall not, except as permitted in this Section 5.04, withhold, withdraw, qualify
or modify, or and publicly propose to withhold, amend, withdraw or modify, the PubCo Board Recommendation or the Company Board Recommendation,
as applicable, in a manner adverse to the other Party;

(ii)the PubCo Board shall include the PubCo Board Recommendation in the PubCo Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement;

(iii)the PubCo Board (or any committee thereof) shall not make or fail to make any recommendation or public statement in connection
with a tender or exchange offer, other than a recommendation against such offer or a stop, look and listen communication
by the PubCo Board (or a committee thereof) to the PubCo Stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or
any substantially similar communication) (it being understood that the PubCo Board (or a committee thereof) may refrain from taking a
position with respect to a Takeover Proposal until the close of business on the 10th Business Day after the commencement of
a tender or exchange offer in connection with such Takeover Proposal without such action being considered a violation of this Section
5.04(c) or a PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change); and

(iv)the board of directors of either Party shall not, except as set forth in this Section 5.04, adopt, approve, endorse or recommend,
or publicly announce an intention to adopt, approve, endorse or recommend, any Takeover Proposal or any proposal that is reasonably expected
to lead to a Takeover Proposal (any action described in clauses (i) through (iv), in the case of PubCo, a PubCo Adverse Recommendation
Change or in the case of the Company, a Company Adverse Recommendation Change, and in either case, as
applicable, an Adverse Recommendation Change).

(v)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, at any time prior to the Specified Time, the board of directors
of either Party may make an Adverse Recommendation Change in response to an Intervening Event if such Partys board of directors
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to do so would be a breach such board of directors
fiduciary duties under applicable Law, only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

-47-

(A)Such Party shall have first provided the other Party an Intervening Event Notice at least five Business Days in advance advising
the other Party that such Party intends to make an Adverse Recommendation Change (it being understood and hereby agreed that the delivery
and receipt of any such Intervening Event Notice shall not, in and of itself, be deemed to be an Adverse Recommendation Change) and specifying,
in reasonable detail, the Intervening Event;

(B)during the applicable Intervening Event Notice Period (or any mutually agreed extension or continuation thereof), such Party and
its Representatives shall negotiate in good faith with the other Party and its Representatives to make revisions to the terms of this
Agreement as would cause such Intervening Event to cease to warrant an Adverse Recommendation Change;

(C)the other Party does not make, within the applicable Intervening Event Notice Period (or any extension or continuation thereof)
after the receipt of such notice, a proposal that would, in the good faith judgment of the PubCo Board or Company Board, as applicable,
(after consultation with outside legal counsel), cause the failure to effect an Adverse Recommendation Change in response to such Intervening
Event to no longer be inconsistent with the such board of directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law (it being understood
and agreed that any material change in any event, occurrence or facts relating to such Intervening Event shall require a new Intervening
Event Notice with a new Intervening Event Notice Period ending on the day that is three Business Days after such material change); and

(D)following the Intervening Event Notice Period, the PubCo Board or Company Board, as applicable, shall have determined in good faith
(after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that the failure to effect an Adverse Recommendation Change, as applicable, in response
to such Intervening Event would continue to be a breach of such board of directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law.

(vi)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, at any time prior to the Specified Time if, in response to
a bona fide unsolicited written Takeover Proposal made by a Third Party after the date of this Agreement which does not arise from
a breach of this Section 5.04 and has not been withdrawn, the board of directors of such Party that received the Takeover Proposal
determines in good faith (1) after consultation with outside legal counsel and a financial advisor, that such Takeover Proposal constitutes
a Superior Proposal, and (2) after consultation with outside legal counsel, that the failure to make an Adverse Recommendation Change,
would be a breach of such Partys board of directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law, then such Partys board
of directors may make an Adverse Recommendation Change only if, in either such case, all of the following conditions are satisfied:

(A)Such party shall have first provided to the other Party a Superior Proposal Notice at least five Business Days in advance advising
the other Party that such Party is prepared to effect an Adverse Recommendation Change in response to a Superior Proposal (and specifying,
in reasonable detail, the material terms and conditions of any such Superior Proposal, including the identity of the Third Party making
any such Superior Proposal) (it being understood and hereby agreed that the delivery and receipt of any such Superior Proposal Notice
shall not, in and of itself, be deemed to be an Adverse Recommendation Change) and providing the
other Party with a complete copy of any written request, proposal or offer, including any proposed Alternative Acquisition Agreement (and
all schedules, appendices, exhibits and other attachments relating thereto), and any other documents containing the material terms of
such Superior Proposal; during the applicable Superior Proposal Notice Period (or any extension or continuation thereof), prior to its
effecting an Adverse Recommendation Change, such Party and its Representatives shall negotiate in good faith with the other Party and
its Representatives regarding changes to the terms of this Agreement and any other proposals intended to cause such Takeover Proposal
to no longer constitute a Superior Proposal;

-48-

(B)the other Party does not make, within the applicable Superior Proposal Notice Period (or any mutually agreed extension or continuation
thereof) after the receipt of such notice, a proposal that would, in the good faith judgment of the board of directors of such Party (after
consultation with outside legal counsel and a financial advisor), cause the offer previously constituting a Superior Proposal to no longer
constitute a Superior Proposal (it being understood and agreed that any material amendment or modification of such Superior Proposal shall
require a new Superior Proposal Notice with a new Superior Proposal Notice Period of five Business Days); and

(C)following the Superior Proposal Notice Period, such Partys board of directors shall have determined in good faith, in light
of such Superior Proposal and taking into account any revised terms proposed by the other Party, (x) after consultation with outside legal
counsel and a financial advisor, that such Takeover Proposal continues to constitute a Superior Proposal, and (y) after consultation with
outside legal counsel, that the failure to make an Adverse Recommendation Change would continue to be a breach of the such board of directors
fiduciary duties under applicable Law.

(d)Certain Permitted Disclosure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement
shall prohibit PubCo, any of its Subsidiaries or the PubCo Board from (i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position with respect
to a tender offer contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or from issuing a stop, look and
listen statement pending disclosure of its position thereunder (none of which, in and of itself, shall be deemed to constitute
a PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change), or (ii) making any disclosure to PubCos stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of
the PubCo Board, after consultation with outside counsel, failure to so disclose would reasonably likely to result in a breach of its
fiduciary duties under applicable Law, it being understood that nothing in the foregoing shall be deemed to permit PubCo or the PubCo
Board (or a committee thereof) to effect a PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change other than in accordance with Section 5.04(c).

(e) Cessation of
Ongoing Discussions. PubCo and the Company shall, and shall cause their respective Representatives to: (i) cease immediately all
discussions and negotiations that commenced prior to the date of this Agreement regarding any proposal that would constitute (if made
after the date of this Agreement), or could reasonably be expected to lead to, an Takeover Proposal, (ii) within two Business Days of
the date of this Agreement, request the prompt return or destruction of all non-public information concerning PubCo or its Subsidiaries
theretofore furnished to any Person with whom a confidentiality agreement in contemplation of an acquisition transaction was entered
into at any time within the 12-month period immediately preceding the date hereof, and (iii) immediately terminate all access granted
to any such Persons or their respective Representatives referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) to any physical or electronic data room; provided,
however, that the foregoing shall not in any way limit or modify any of PubCos rights under the other provisions of this Section
5.04.

-49-

Section 5.05 PubCo
Registration Statement and Proxy.

(a)As promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement, PubCo shall prepare and file with the SEC the PubCo Registration
Statement relating to the registration of the shares of PubCo Common Stock to be issued to the Company Shareholders, which will contain
the Proxy Statement. The PubCo Registration Statement and Proxy Statement shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and other applicable Laws. The Company shall provide to PubCo all information, including
certificates or other statements, concerning the Company as may be reasonably requested by PubCo in connection with the PubCo Registration
Statement and Proxy Statement and shall otherwise reasonably assist and cooperate with PubCo in the preparation of the PubCo Registration
Statement and Proxy Statement and resolution of any comments referred to below; provided, that PubCo shall provide the Company with a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on any drafts of the PubCo Registration Statement and Proxy Statement and related correspondence
and filings.

(b)PubCo covenants and agrees that none of the information to be included or incorporated by reference in the PubCo Registration Statement,
the Proxy Statement and any pro forma financial statements included therein, will, at the date it is first mailed to the PubCo Stockholders
or at the time of any amendment or supplement thereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading; provided, however, that no representation or warranty is made by PubCo with respect to statements made or incorporated
by reference therein to the extent based on information supplied by or on behalf of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company in connection
with the preparation of the PubCo Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that none of the information to be supplied by or on behalf of the Company or any Affiliate thereof
for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the PubCo Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement, shall, at the date it is first
mailed to the PubCo Stockholders or at the time of any amendment or supplement thereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; provided, however, that no representation or warranty is made by the Company
with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference therein to the extent based on information supplied by any PubCo Entity or
any Affiliate thereof in connection with the preparation of the PubCo Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement for inclusion or incorporation
by reference therein. PubCo and the Company shall use their respective commercially reasonable best efforts to ensure that the PubCo Registration
Statement complies in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder and to satisfy all rules of Nasdaq.

(c)PubCo shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to (i) respond to any comments on the PubCo Registration Statement or
requests for additional information from the SEC as soon as practicable after receipt of any such comments or requests, provide the SEC
with all information reasonably necessary to amend the PubCo Registration Statement), (ii) have the PubCo Registration Statement cleared
by the SEC as promptly as practicable following its filing with the SEC, (iii) set a record date for the PubCo Stockholders Meeting, and
(iv) cause the PubCo Registration Statement to be mailed to the PubCo Stockholders as promptly as practicable after the SEC confirms that
it has no further comments on the PubCo Registration Statement. PubCo shall promptly (A) notify the Company upon the receipt of any such
comments or requests, and (B) provide the Company with copies of all correspondence relating to the PubCo Registration Statement between
PubCo and its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and its staff, on the other hand. Before responding to any such comments or
requests or the filing or mailing of the PubCo Registration Statement, PubCo shall provide the Company with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on any drafts of the PubCo Registration Statement and related correspondence and filings.

-50-

(d) The PubCo Registration Statement shall include the PubCo Board Recommendation unless the PubCo Board has made a PubCo Adverse
Recommendation Change in accordance with Section 5.04 of this Agreement. The PubCo Registration Statement shall not, when sent
to PubCos stockholders, contain any other proposal or request for stockholder approval of a Takeover Proposal other than the Requisite
PubCo Vote.

(e)PubCo and the Company shall reasonably cooperate in good faith and use its respective commercially reasonable best efforts to cause
the shares of PubCo Common Stock to be issued in the Transactions to be approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of
issuance, prior to the Closing Date. PubCo shall also use its commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain, and the Company shall reasonably
cooperate in good faith with PubCo to assist PubCo in obtaining, all necessary state securities law or blue sky permits
and approvals necessary to ensure that the PubCo Common Stock to be issued in the Transactions (to the extent required) shall be registered
or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the securities law of every jurisdiction of the United States in which
any registered holder of Company Ordinary Share or Company Preferred Share has an address of record on the applicable record date for
determining the holders of Company Ordinary Share or Company Preferred Share entitled to notice and to vote pursuant to the Company Shareholder
Approval, to the extent applicable.

Section 5.06PubCo Stockholders Meeting. Subject to Section 5.04, as promptly as practicable following the effectiveness of
the PubCo Registration Statement, PubCo shall establish the record date, and duly call, give notice of, convene or hold the PubCo Stockholders
Meeting in accordance with the DGCL and the PubCo Organizational Documents (and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the date
thereof, unless otherwise required by applicable Laws) to consider and vote to approve the PubCo Stockholder Matters. PubCo shall take
reasonable measures to ensure that all proxies solicited in connection with the PubCo Stockholder Meeting are solicited in compliance
with all applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, PubCo may postpone or adjourn the PubCo Stockholders
Meeting: (i) with the consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); (ii) it will
not receive proxies sufficient to obtain the Requisite PubCo Vote, whether or not a quorum would be present; (iii) for the absence of
a quorum; (iv) to allow reasonable additional time (not to exceed 20 days) for the filing and distribution of any supplemental or amended
disclosure with respect to the Transactions, which the PubCo Board has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel) is necessary under applicable Laws and for such supplemental or amended disclosure to be disseminated to and reviewed by the
PubCo Stockholders prior to the PubCo Stockholders Meeting; or (v) as reasonably necessary in connection with PubCo taking any of the
actions permitted by Section 5.04 in response to a Takeover Proposal. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, PubCos
requirement to call and hold the PubCo Stockholder Meeting shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure
or communication to PubCo of any Takeover Proposal, Intervening Event or the PubCo Board making a PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change.
Subject to Section 5.04, the PubCo Board shall recommend that the PubCo Stockholders vote to approve the PubCo Stockholder Matters.
Prior to the mailing of the PubCo Registration Statement, PubCo shall be entitled to engage a proxy solicitor that is reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, and PubCo shall keep the Company reasonably informed regarding its solicitation efforts and proxy tallies following the
mailing of the PubCo Registration Statement. If, at any time after PubCo has obtained the Requisite PubCo Vote, the Company issues and
sells shares of Company Preferred Share in accordance with Section 5.01(c), the Company shall provide PubCo written notice of such
issuance and sale within three Business Days following the consummation of any such issuance sale. Promptly following the receipt of such
written notice, PubCo shall take all actions necessary to ensure that PubCo, as of the Effective Time, will be able to issue the Merger
Consideration in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

-51-

Section 5.07 Listing.
PubCo shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the existing shares of PubCo Common Stock shall have been continually
listed on Nasdaq as of and from the date of this Agreement through the Closing Date. PubCo and the Company shall reasonably
cooperate in good faith to (i) effectuate the Reverse Stock Split, and (ii) cause the shares of PubCo Common Stock being issued in
connection with the Transactions to be approved for listing (subject to notice of issuance) on Nasdaq to be approved for issuance
(subject to official notice of issuance) at or after the Effective Time pursuant to Nasdaq rules and regulations. To the extent
required by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5110, PubCo shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file an initial listing
application for the PubCo Common Stock on Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Listing Application) and to cause such Nasdaq
Listing Application to be conditionally approved prior to the Effective Time. The Company will cooperate with PubCo as reasonably
requested by PubCo with respect to the Nasdaq Listing Application and promptly furnish to PubCo all information concerning the
Company and the Company Shareholders that may be required or reasonably requested in connection with any action contemplated by this Section
5.07. All fees associated with the Nasdaq Listing Application shall be paid by the Company.

Section 5.08Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance.

(a)From the Closing Date through the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, each of PubCo and the Surviving Company, jointly and severally,
shall indemnify and hold harmless any present or former, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, director or officer of PubCo or the
Surviving Company, or their respective Subsidiaries (the Indemnified Parties) against all claims, losses, Liabilities,
damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and disbursements (collectively, Costs),
incurred in connection with any Legal Action arising out of or pertaining to the fact that the Indemnified Party is or was a director
or officer of PubCo, the Surviving Company or their respective Subsidiaries, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or at or after the
Effective Time, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law. Each Indemnified Party will be entitled to advancement
of Costs incurred in the defense of any such Legal Action from each of PubCo and the Surviving Company upon receipt by PubCo or the Surviving
Company from the Indemnified Party of a request therefor; provided that any such Person to whom Costs are advanced provides an
undertaking to PubCo, to the extent then required by the DGCL, to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Person
is not entitled to indemnification. PubCo shall cooperate with the Indemnified Party in the defense of any such Legal Action and PubCo
shall not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any Legal Action pending or threatened in writing to which an
Indemnified Party is a party (and in respect of which indemnification could be sought by such Indemnified Party hereunder), unless such
settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such Legal
Action or such Indemnified Party otherwise consents in writing.

(b)The provisions presently set forth in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of PubCo with respect to indemnification, advancement
of Costs and exculpation of present and former directors and officers of PubCo shall not be amended, modified or repealed for a period
of six (6) years from the Effective Time in a manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who, at or prior
to the Effective Time, were officers or directors of PubCo. The certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Company shall
contain, and PubCo shall cause the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Company to so contain, provisions no less
favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement of Costs and exculpation of present and former directors and officers as those
presently set forth in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of PubCo.

(c)From and after the Effective Time, (i) the Surviving Company shall fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company
to its Indemnified Parties as of immediately prior to the Effective Time pursuant to any indemnification provisions under the Companys
Organizational Documents and pursuant to any indemnification agreements between the Company and such Indemnified Parties, with respect
to claims arising out of matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) PubCo shall fulfill and honor in all respects the
obligations of PubCo to its Indemnified Parties as of immediately prior to the Effective Time pursuant
to any indemnification provisions under PubCos Organizational Documents and pursuant to any indemnification agreements between
PubCo and such Indemnified Parties, with respect to claims arising out of matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time.

-52-

(d)From and after the Effective Time, PubCo shall maintain a directors and officers Liability insurance policy, with
an effective date as of the Closing Date on commercially available terms and conditions and with coverage limits customary for U.S. public
companies similarly situated to PubCo. In addition, PubCo shall also purchase and maintain, following consultation with, and subject to
the approval of, and at the expense of, the Company, a non-cancellable extension of the directors and officers Liability
coverage of PubCos existing directors and officers insurance policies for a claims reporting or discovery period
of at least six years from and after the Effective Time with respect to any claim related to any period of time at or prior to the Effective
Time with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of Liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under PubCos
existing policies as of the date of this Agreement with respect to any actual or alleged error, misstatement, misleading statement, act,
omission, neglect, breach of duty or any matter claimed against a director or officer of PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries by reason of
him or her serving in such capacity that existed or occurred at or prior to the Effective Time (including in connection with this Agreement
or the Transactions).

(e)The covenants contained in this Section 5.08 are intended to be in addition to the rights otherwise available to the Indemnified
Parties by Law, charter, statute, bylaw or agreement, and are for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the Indemnified
Parties and their respective heirs and legal representatives and shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which an Indemnified
Party is entitled, whether pursuant to Law, Contract or otherwise. For the avoidance of the doubt, the Indemnified Parties and their respective
heirs and legal representatives shall be third-party beneficiaries with respect to the covenants contained in this Section 5.08.
From and after the Effective Time, PubCo shall pay all Costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, that are incurred by any Indemnified
Party in enforcing the indemnity and other obligations provided in this Section 5.08, except to the extent that it is ultimately
determined by a Governmental Authority with valid jurisdiction that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to be indemnified pursuant
to this Agreement.

(f)In the event that PubCo, the Surviving Company or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers
or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, PubCo or the Surviving Company,
as applicable, shall take all necessary action so that the successors or assigns of PubCo or the Surviving Company, as the case may be,
shall succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section 5.08.

Section 5.09 Reasonable
Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance with applicable Law,
each of the Parties shall, and shall use reasonable best efforts to cause its Affiliates to, use its reasonable best efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to ensure that the conditions
applicable to such Party set forth in Article VI are satisfied and to consummate the Transactions as promptly as practicable in
accordance with its terms. The terms of this Section 5.09 shall not limit the applicable rights of PubCo or the Company set forth
in Section 5.04.

-53-

Section 5.10 Consents;
Filings; Further Action.

(a) Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, PubCo and the Company shall (and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to) each use their
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and reasonably
cooperate with the other Parties in doing all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Laws to (i) make any necessary
filings promptly after signing of this Agreement and obtain all necessary actions, waivers, registrations, permits, authorizations,
Orders, consents and approvals from Governmental Authorities, the expiry or early termination of any applicable waiting periods, and
make all necessary registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Authorities, if any) and take all steps as may be
reasonably necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any Governmental Authorities, in
order to consummate the Transactions as promptly as practicable and in any event prior to the Termination Date, and (ii) deliver
required notices or any necessary additional instruments to, and obtain required consents, waivers or any additional instruments
necessary from, Third Parties in order to consummate the Transactions as promptly as practicable and in any event prior to the
Termination Date.

(b)Subject to applicable Laws and the requirements of applicable Governmental Authorities, PubCo and the Company and their respective
counsel shall (i) cooperate in all respects with each other in connection with any filing or submission with a Governmental Authority
in connection with the Transactions and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry by or before a Governmental Authority relating
to the Transactions, including any proceeding initiated by a private Person, (ii) to the extent legally permissible, have the right to
review in advance, and each shall consult the other on, any material filing made with, or written materials to be submitted to, any Governmental
Authority in connection with the Transactions and of any material communication received or given in connection with any proceeding by
a private Person, in each case regarding any of the Transactions, (iii) promptly inform each other of any material communication (or any
other material correspondence or memoranda) received from, or given to, the DOJ or the FTC or any other applicable Governmental Authority,
and (iv) where legally permissible, promptly furnish each other with copies of all correspondence, filings and written communications
between them or their Subsidiaries or Affiliates, on the one hand, and any Governmental Authority or its respective staff, on the other
hand, with respect to the Transactions. In furtherance of the foregoing and subject to applicable Laws and the requirements of Governmental
Authorities, PubCo and the Company shall (with respect to any in-person discussion or meeting, remote video meeting or substantive telephonic
discussion or meeting), provide the other Party and its counsel with advance notice of and the opportunity to participate in any material
discussion or meeting with any Governmental Authority in respect of any filing, investigation or other inquiry in connection with the
Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.10(b), PubCo and the Company may, as each deems advisable
and necessary, (x) reasonably designate any competitively sensitive material provided to the other under this Section 5.10 as Antitrust
Counsel Only Material; and (y) redact materials to be provided to the other Party as necessary to comply with contractual arrangement,
to address good faith legal privilege or confidentiality concerns, to comply with applicable Law, or to remove references concerning the
valuation of PubCo or Company and their respective Subsidiaries.

(c)In furtherance of the undertakings under this Section 5.10, PubCo and the Company, along with their respective Subsidiaries,
shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain clearance under any applicable Antitrust Laws so as to enable the Parties to consummate
the Transactions as promptly as practicable, and in any event prior to the Termination Date, which shall include using reasonable best
efforts to propose, negotiate, commit to and effect, by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise, the sale, divestiture, disposition,
license or other disposition of such of its and its Subsidiaries assets, properties or businesses or of the assets, properties
or businesses, and enter into such other arrangements, as are necessary or advisable in order to avoid the entry of, and the commencement
of litigation seeking the entry of, or to effect the dissolution of, any injunction, temporary restraining order or other Order in any
proceeding by a Governmental Authority or any other Person under applicable Antitrust Laws, that would otherwise have the effect of preventing
or materially delaying the consummation of the Transactions. PubCo shall not, unless requested to do so by the Company, commit to or effect
any action contemplated in the immediately preceding sentence.

-54-

(d) Each of PubCo and the Company shall consult with the other Party and consider in good faith the views of the other Party with
respect to the appropriate strategy relating to any matters relating to the Antitrust Laws, including with respect to any filings, notifications,
submissions and communications with or to any Governmental Authority and the nature and timing of any divestitures or other remedial undertakings
made for purposes of securing any required approvals under the Antitrust Laws; provided that, notwithstanding any other provisions of
this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall, on behalf of the Parties, control and direct all aspects of the Parties efforts
with respect to applicable Antitrust Laws and any authorization, consent, notice or approval to be obtained from a Governmental Authority
or Third Party with respect to the Transactions, including having principal responsibility for devising, implementing, and making the
final determination as to such appropriate strategy, and shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to determine the nature and timing
of any such divestitures or other remedial undertakings to the extent any such divestitures or other remedial undertakings would be conditioned
upon and only be effective after the Closing. PubCo shall cooperate in good faith with the Company in the Parties efforts to obtain
any clearance, approval, waiver or expiry or early termination of any applicable waiting periods with respect to any Antitrust Laws.

Section 5.11 Public
Announcements. The Parties shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statements
about this Agreement or any of the Transactions. No Party shall issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior
to receiving the written consent (not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed) of the other Party, except to the extent required
by applicable Law or Nasdaq rules, in which case that Party shall use its commercially best efforts to consult with the other party before
issuing any such release or making any such public statement; provided, however, that such consent shall not be required,
and no Party shall be required to consult with any other Party in connection with, or provide the other an opportunity to review or comment
upon, any press release or other public statement or comment to be issued or made with respect to any Takeover Proposal. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, without the prior consent of the other parties, the Company or PubCo may (a) communicate with its respective customers,
vendors, suppliers, financial analysts, investors and media representatives in a manner consistent with its past practice in compliance
with applicable Law to the extent such communications consist of information included in a press release or other document previously
approved for external distribution by the other Party, and (b) issue public statements or disseminate information to the extent solely
related to the operation of the business of such Party. PubCo and the Company will each issue a press release announcing the execution
of this Agreement, each of which shall be reasonably acceptable to the other Party.

Section 5.12 Fees
and Expenses. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in this Agreement, whether or not the Transactions are consummated,
all expenses (including those payable to Representatives) incurred by any Party or on its behalf in connection with this Agreement
and the Transactions (Expenses) shall be paid by the Party incurring those Expenses.

Section 5.13 Takeover
Statutes. Unless the PubCo Board has made a PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with this Agreement, if any
takeover statute is or becomes applicable to this Agreement or any Transaction, each of PubCo, the Company and their respective
boards of directors shall use reasonable best efforts (a) to ensure that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as
practicable upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (b) to otherwise act to eliminate or
minimize the effects of such takeover statute.

Section 5.14 Rule
16b-3. Prior to the Effective Time, PubCo shall take such further actions, if any, as may be necessary or appropriate to
ensure that the dispositions of equity securities of PubCo (including derivative securities) pursuant to the Transactions by any
Person who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act are exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

-55-

Section 5.15 Succession
of Officers and Directors.

(a)At the Closing, PubCo shall deliver to the Company evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the resignation of all directors
of PubCo effective as of the Effective Time (other than those directors remaining on the PubCo Board pursuant to Section 1.06(a)).

(b)The officers of the Surviving Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be, from and after the Effective Time, the
officers of PubCo until their successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal
in accordance with the organizational documents of PubCo.

(c)As of the Effective Time, PubCo shall take all action necessary to (i) cause (A) the number of members of the PubCo Board to be
fixed at seven, and (B) cause to be appointed to the PubCo Board, as directors, up to five persons chosen by the Company in its sole discretion
and as set forth on Section 1.06(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. If any person identified by the Company to serve on the PubCo
Board in accordance with this Section 5.15(c) is unable or unwilling to serve in such capacity, the Company may designate a successor
but not less than five days in advance of the Closing or such earlier period as may be required by disclosure requirements under applicable
Law.

Section 5.16 Notification
of Certain Matters. The Company shall give prompt notice to PubCo, and PubCo shall give prompt notice to the Company, of (a)
the occurrence of any event known to it which would reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, (i) in the case of
the Company, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, or, in the case of PubCo, have a PubCo Material Adverse Effect, (ii) cause any
condition set forth in Article VI to be unsatisfied in any material respect at any time prior to the Effective Time, or (iii)
cause any authorization, consent, Order, declaration or approval of any Governmental Authority or Third Party necessary for the
consummation of the Transactions to not be obtained by the Termination Date, or (b) any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or
investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company or PubCo, threatened which questions or challenges the validity of this
Agreement or the ability of any party to consummate the Transactions; provided, however, that the delivery of any
notice pursuant to this Section 5.16 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the party
receiving such notice nor shall the party giving such notice be prejudiced with respect to any such matters solely by virtue of
having given such notice.

Section 5.17 Certain
Litigation.

(a)PubCo shall assume the control and defense at its own expense of all stockholder litigation against PubCo, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of the directors or officers of PubCo or its Subsidiaries (such Persons, the Covered Persons), in each case,
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions (collectively, the Stockholder Litigation);
provided, that (i) PubCo shall promptly as practicable notify the Company of such Stockholder Litigation, (ii) PubCo shall keep the Company
reasonably informed with respect to the status thereof, and (iii) the Company shall have the opportunity to consult with PubCo in connection
with such proceedings, negotiations and settlement decisions.

(b)PubCo shall obtain the prior written consent of the Company and the Covered Persons (which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) before entering into any settlement, understanding or other agreement relating to such Stockholder Litigation.

(c)Each Party shall cooperate, and cause its Affiliates to cooperate, in the defense of any Stockholder Litigation and shall furnish
or cause to be furnished such records, information and testimony, and attend, at each Partys own
expense, such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials or appeals, as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith.

-56-

Section 5.18 Requisite
Company Approval. Upon the terms set forth in this Agreement and the Company Voting Agreement, the Company shall either: (i)
call and hold a meeting of the shareholders of the Company for the purpose of voting upon the approval and adoption of this
Agreement, the Merger and all other Transactions including the conversion of the Company Convertible Securities described in Section
2.01(a), or (ii) solicit a majority written consent from its shareholder, (the Company Shareholder
Approval) as soon as reasonably practicable after the PubCo Registration Statement becomes effective, and in any event
within 25 Business Days after the PubCo Registration Statement becomes effective. In connection therewith, the Company, as promptly
as practicable (A) shall establish the record date (which record date shall be mutually agreed with PubCo) for determining the
Company Shareholders entitled to provide such written consent, and (B) shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain
proxies from the Company Shareholders to give the Company Shareholder Approval. The Company Board shall make the Company Board
Recommendation available to shareholders of the Company. Neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof shall withhold,
withdraw or modify, or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to PubCo the Company Board
Recommendation.

Section 5.19 Lock-Up
Agreements. Prior to the Effective Time, (i) PubCo shall cause those individuals listed on Schedule A-2 of the PubCo
Disclosure Letter, and (ii) the Company shall cause those individuals listed on Schedule A-1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, to
each enter into a Lockup Agreement.

Section 5.20 Tax
Matters.

(a)Each of PubCo and the Company will (and will cause their respective Affiliates to) (i) use all reasonable best efforts to cause
the Merger to constitute as a transaction qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment, and (ii) not take any action not required by this
Agreement or fail to take any action required by this Agreement that could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Merger from
qualifying as a transaction qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, PubCo shall not
file (or cause its Affiliates, including the Company, to file) any U.S. federal, state or local Tax Return after the Closing Date in a
manner that is inconsistent with the treatment of the Merger as a transaction qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment for U.S. federal,
state income and other relevant Tax purposes, and shall not take any inconsistent position during the course of any audit, litigation
or other proceeding with respect to Taxes, in each case, unless otherwise required by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a)
of the Code or a corresponding event with respect to state or local income Tax law. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to
the contrary, (i) PubCo makes no representations or warranties to any other Person or to any Company Shareholder regarding the Intended
Tax Treatment of the Merger or any of the other Transactions, and (ii) the Company and each Company Shareholder will rely solely on their
own Tax advisors in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions.

(b)If, in connection with the preparation and filing of the PubCo Registration Statement, the SEC requests or requires that tax opinions
be prepared and submitted in such connection, PubCo and the Company shall deliver to Lowenstein Sandler LLP and Lucosky Brookman LLP,
as applicable, customary Tax representation letters satisfactory to counsel, dated and executed as of the date the PubCo Registration
Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC and such other date(s) as determined reasonably necessary by such counsel in connection
with the preparation and filing of the PubCo Registration Statement, and, if required by the SEC, both Lowenstein Sandler LLP and Lucosky
Brookman LLP shall furnish an opinion, subject to customary assumptions and limitations, with respect to the Intended Tax Treatment as
it applies to the Merger.

-57-

(c) All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, excise, recording, registration value added and other such similar
Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) that become payable in connection with or by reason of the execution of this Agreement
and the Transactions shall be borne and paid by the Company. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Company shall timely file
any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Taxes or fees (and PubCo shall reasonably cooperate with respect thereto as necessary).
PubCo shall timely file any Tax Return or other document with respect to such Taxes or fees that it is required to file under applicable
law (and the Company shall reasonably cooperate with respect thereto as necessary).

Section 5.21 Legends.
PubCo shall be entitled to place appropriate legends on the book entries and/or certificates evidencing any shares of PubCo Common
Stock to be received in the Merger by equity holders of the Company who may be considered affiliates of PubCo for
purposes of Rules 144 and 145 under the Securities Act reflecting the restrictions set forth in Rules 144 and 145 and to issue
appropriate stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for PubCo Common Stock.

Section 5.22 Financial
Statements. As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company will furnish to PubCo
(a) audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement and the PubCo Registration Statement (the Company Audited Financial Statements), and (b) unaudited interim
financial statements for each interim period completed prior to Closing that would be required to be included in the PubCo
Registration Statement or any periodic report due prior to the Closing if the Company were subject to the periodic reporting
requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the Company Interim Financial Statements). Each of the
Company Audited Financial Statements and the Company Interim Financial Statements will be suitable for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement and the PubCo Registration Statement and prepared in accordance with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (except in each case as described in the notes thereto) and on that basis will present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position and the results of operations, changes in members equity, and cash flows of the Company as
of the dates of and for the periods referred to in the Company Audited Financial Statements or the Company Interim Financial
Statements, as the case may be.

Section 5.23 Outstanding
PubCo Warrants. From the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, PubCo shall use its commercially reasonable best
efforts to negotiate with the holders of the warrants set forth on Section 5.23 of the PubCo Disclosure Letter to sell, assign or
transfer such warrants to a third party reasonably acceptable to the Company.

Article
VI. CONDITIONS

Section 6.01 Conditions
to Each Partys Obligation to Consummate the Transactions. The respective obligation of each Party to effect the
Transactions, including the Merger, is subject to the satisfaction on or before the Closing Date of each of the following
conditions, unless waived in writing by each of PubCo and the Company:

(a) PubCo Stockholder Approval.
The PubCo Stockholder Matters shall have been duly adopted by the holders of shares of PubCo Common Stock constituting the Requisite
PubCo Vote.

(b) Company Shareholder
Approval. This Agreement, the Plan of Merger and the Surviving Company Restated Articles and the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall have been duly adopted by the holders of shares of the Company constituting the Requisite Company Vote.

(c) Registration
Statements. The PubCo Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the PubCo Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been
initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC or its staff.

-58-

(d) Listings.

(i)The existing shares of PubCo Common Stock shall have been continually listed on Nasdaq as of and from the date of this Agreement
through the Closing Date.

(ii) There are
no pending order or action from Nasdaq or any Governmental Authority with respect to the status of the listing of PubCo Common Stock
on Nasdaq, including without limitation, any delisting order.

(iii) The shares
of PubCo Common Stock to be issued pursuant to Article II shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject only to
official notice of issuance.

(e) Approvals. The
Parties shall have received all approvals from any Governmental Authority necessary to consummate the transaction.

(f) No Orders.
There shall not have been enacted, promulgated or made effective after the date of this Agreement any Law or Orders by a
Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction that enjoins or otherwise prohibits or makes illegal, or any Legal Action by any
Governmental Authority seeking to enjoin or prohibit or make illegal, consummation of the Transactions and there shall not be in
effect any injunction (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction that
enjoins or otherwise prohibits consummation of the Transactions.

Section 6.02 Conditions
to Obligations of PubCo Entities. The obligations of each of PubCo Entity to effect the Transactions, including the Merger,
are also subject to the satisfaction on or before the Closing Date of the following conditions, unless waived in writing by
PubCo:

(a) Representations and
Warranties.

(i)Each of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.06(a), Section 3.06(b) and Section
3.06(g) shall be true and correct in all respects (except for (A) any inaccuracies that individually or in the aggregate are de
minimis or (B) to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a specified date, in which case, subject
to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (A), as of such date) as of the Closing as though then made on such date;

(ii)Each of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.01 (Organization and Power), Section
3.04 (Corporate Authorizations), and Section 3.25 (Brokers) (A) that are not qualified by references to material
or any other materiality qualifications shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing as though made on such date
(except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a specified date, in which case as of such date), and
(B) that are qualified by references to material or any other materiality qualifications shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the Closing as though made on such date (except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as
of a specified date, in which case as of such date);

(iii)The remaining representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article III (Representations and
Warranties of the Company) shall be true and correct, in each case as of the Closing as though made on such date (except to the
extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of
a specified date, in which case as of such date), except, in the case of this clause (iii) only, where the failure of any such
representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without regard to any materiality, in all material respects, Company Material
Adverse Effect, or similar qualifications set forth in any such representation or warranty) would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

-59-

(b) Performance of
Obligations. The Company shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and covenants required to be performed by
it under this Agreement at or before the Closing Date.

(c) Absence of Company
Material Adverse Effect. No event, circumstance, development, change or effect shall (i) have occurred since the date of this
Agreement that, individually or in the aggregate, has caused a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) continue to occur that would
reasonably be expected to cause, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(d) FIRPTA
Certificate. PubCo shall have received (i) an original signed statement from the Company that the Company is not, and has not
been at any time during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code, a United States real
property holding corporation, as defined in Section 897(c)(2) of the Code, conforming to the requirements of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1445-2(c)(3) and 1.897-2(h), and (ii) an original signed notice to be delivered to the Internal Revenue
Service in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 1.897-2(h)(2), together with written authorization for
PubCo to deliver such notice to the Internal Revenue Service on behalf of the Company following the Closing, each dated as of the
Closing Date, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Company, and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to PubCo.

(e) Officers
Certificate. PubCo shall have received a certificate, signed by an executive officer of the Company, certifying as to the
matters set forth in Section 6.02(a), Section 6.02(b), Section 6.02(c), and Section 6.02(d).

Section 6.03 Conditions
to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to effect the Transactions, including the Merger, is also
subject to the satisfaction on or before the Closing Date of the following conditions, unless waived in writing by the Company:

(a) Representations and
Warranties.

(i)Each of the representations and warranties of the PubCo Entities set forth in Section 4.06(a), Section 4.06(b) and Section
4.06(g) shall be true and correct in all respects (except for (A) any inaccuracies that individually or in the aggregate are de
minimis, or (B) to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a specified date, in which case, subject
to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (A), as of such date) as of the Closing as though then made on such date;

(ii)Each of the representations and warranties of the PubCo Entities set forth in Section 4.01 (Organization and Power), Section
4.04 (Corporate Authorization), and Section 4.26 (Brokers) (A) that are not qualified by references to material
or any other materiality qualifications shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing as though made on such date
(except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a specified date, in which case as of such date), and
(B) that are qualified by references to material or any other materiality qualifications shall be true and correct in all
respects as of the Closing as though made on such date (except to
the extent any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a specified date, in which case as of such date);

-60-

(iii) The
remaining representations and warranties of the PubCo Entities contained in Article IV (Representations and Warranties of the
PubCo Entities) shall be true and correct, in each case as of the Closing as though made on such date (except to the extent any such
representation and warranty expressly speaks as of a specified date, in which case as of such date), except, in the case of this
clause (iii) only, where the failure of any such representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without regard to
any materiality, in all material respects, PubCo Material Adverse Effect, or similar qualifications set forth in any such
representation or warranty) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a PubCo Material Adverse
Effect.

(b) Performance of
Obligations. Each PubCo Entity shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and covenants required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or before the Closing Date.

(c) Absence of PubCo
Material Adverse Effect. No event, circumstance, development, change or effect shall have occurred since the date of this
Agreement that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a PubCo Material Adverse
Effect.

(d) Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have received a certificate, signed by an executive officer of PubCo, certifying as to the
matters set forth in Section 6.03(a), Section 6.03(b), and Section 6.03(c).

(e) Resignation and
Releases. A written resignation and general release, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, dated as of the Closing
Date and effective as of the Closing, by and for each of the officers and directors of PubCo who are not going to continue as
officers or directors of PubCo after the Closing pursuant to Section 5.15(a) hereof.

Section 6.04 Frustration
of Closing Conditions. Neither the Company, on the one hand, nor any PubCo Entity, on the other hand, may rely, either as a
basis for not consummating the Transactions or for terminating this Agreement and abandoning the Transactions, on the failure of any
condition set forth in Section 6.01, Section 6.02, or Section 6.03, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such
failure was principally caused by such Partys breach of any provision of this Agreement or failure to use the efforts to
consummate the Transactions, as required by and subject to this Agreement.

Article
VII. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

Section 7.01 Termination
by Mutual Consent. This Agreement may be terminated at any time before the Effective Time, whether before or after obtaining
the Requisite PubCo Vote, by mutual written consent of PubCo and the Company.

Section 7.02 Termination
by Either PubCo or the Company. This Agreement may be terminated by either PubCo or the Company at any time before the
Effective Time:

(a)if the Transactions have not been consummated by March 7, 2026 (the Termination Date), except that the right
to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.02(a) shall not be available to any Party whose breach of this Agreement has been
a principal cause of, or principal reason for, the failure to consummate the Transactions by such date, provided, that, absent any such
breach and in the event that the SEC has not declared the Registration Statement effective under the Securities by the date which is sixty (60) days prior to the Termination
Date, then either the Company or PubCo shall be entitled to extend the Termination Date for an additional sixty (60) days upon written
notice to the other Party;

-61-

(b)if this Agreement has been submitted to the PubCo Stockholders for adoption at a duly convened PubCo Stockholders Meeting (or adjournment
or postponement thereof) and the Requisite PubCo Vote is not obtained upon a vote taken thereon, except that the right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.02(b) shall not be available to PubCo where the failure to obtain the Requisite PubCo Vote has been
caused by the action or failure to act of any of the PubCo Entities and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach by
the PubCo Entities of this Agreement; or

(c)if any Law or Order is enacted, issued, promulgated or entered by a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction (including
Nasdaq) that permanently enjoins, or otherwise prohibits consummation of the Transactions, and (in the case of any Order) such Order has
become final and nonappealable.

Section 7.03 Termination
by the Company. This Agreement may be terminated by the Company:

(a)if (i) the PubCo Board publicly approves, endorses or recommends to the PubCo Stockholders a Superior Proposal, or (ii) a tender
offer or exchange offer for any outstanding shares of capital stock of PubCo is commenced before obtaining the Requisite PubCo Vote and
the PubCo Board fails to recommend against acceptance of such tender offer or exchange offer by its stockholders within ten Business Days
after commencement;

(b)if any PubCo Entity breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, which
breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.01 or Section 6.03 and cannot be cured by the
Termination Date, or, if curable, has not been cured by the PubCo Entities within the earlier of (i) 30 days after PubCos receipt
of written notice of such breach from the Company, and (ii) one Business Day prior to the Termination Date; provided the Company shall
not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.03(b) if the Company is then in breach of any of their
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement that would result in the conditions to Closing set forth
in Section 6.01 or Section 6.02 not being satisfied; or

(c)if all of the conditions set forth in Section 6.01 and Section 6.02 have been satisfied (other than any condition
the failure of which to be satisfied has been principally caused by the breach of this Agreement by any PubCo Entity or any of their respective
Affiliates and conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied at Closing and which were, at the time of termination, capable of
being satisfied) and PubCo has failed to fulfill its obligation and agreement herein to consummate the Closing within three Business Days
following written notice of such satisfaction from the Company and that the Company is ready, willing and able to consummate the Transactions.

Section 7.04 Termination
by PubCo. This Agreement may be terminated by PubCo at any time before the Effective Time:

(a)if the PubCo Board approves, endorses or recommends to the PubCo Stockholders a Superior Proposal prior to the receipt of the Requisite
PubCo Vote, if and only if prior to or substantially concurrent with such termination, (i) PubCo shall have paid the PubCo Termination
Fee to the Company pursuant to Section 7.06, and (ii) PubCo substantially concurrently with such termination enters into a definitive
agreement with respect to the Superior Proposal that did not result from a material breach of Section 5.04 and that remained a Superior
Proposal following PubCos compliance with the provisions set forth in Section 5.04;

-62-

(b)if the Company breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach
(i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.01 or Section 6.02, and (ii) cannot be cured by
the Termination Date, or, if curable, has not been cured by the Company within the earlier of (A) 30 days after the Companys receipt
of written notice of such breach from PubCo, and (B) one Business Day prior to the Termination Date; provided PubCo shall not have the
right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.04(b) if any PubCo Entity is then in breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement that would result in the conditions to Closing set forth in Section
6.01 or Section 6.03 not to be satisfied; or

(c)if all of the conditions set forth in Section 6.01 and Section 6.03 have been satisfied (other than any condition
the failure of which to be satisfied has been principally caused by the breach of this Agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates
and conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied at Closing and which were, at the time of termination, capable of being satisfied)
and the Company has failed to fulfill its obligation and agreement herein to consummate the Closing within three Business Days following
written notice of such satisfaction from PubCo and that PubCo is ready, willing and able to consummate the Transactions.

Section 7.05 Effect
of Termination. If this Agreement is validly terminated pursuant to this Article VII, except as set forth in this Section
7.05, it shall become void and of no further force and effect, with no Liability (except as provided in Section 7.06) on
the part of any Party (or any stockholder or Representative of such Party), except that, subject to Section 7.06, the
termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any Party of Liability if such termination results from (a) fraud, or (b) the
willful and material (i) failure of any Party to perform its covenants, obligations or agreements contained in this Agreement, or
(ii) breach by any Party of its representations or warranties contained in this Agreement. The provisions of Section 5.03(d)
(Confidentiality), Section 5.12 (Fees and Expenses), this Section 7.05 (Effect of Termination), Section 7.06
(Fees and Expenses Following Termination), Article IX (Miscellaneous), and the definitions of defined terms in such Sections
shall survive any valid termination of this Agreement.

Section 7.06 Fees
and Expenses Following Termination.

(a) PubCo Termination
Fee. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary:

(i)if (A) this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.02(b), (B) a Superior Proposal with respect to
PubCo shall have been publicly announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to PubCo or the PubCo Board at any time after the date of
this Agreement but prior to the termination of this Agreement (which shall not have been withdrawn) and (C) within twelve (12) months
after the date of such termination, PubCo (1) consummates a transaction in respect of the Superior Proposal referred to in clause (B)
(the Superior Transaction) or (2) the Superior Transaction is withdrawn, terminated or otherwise discontinued for
any reason, then PubCo shall pay to the Company the PubCo Termination Fee upon the consummation, withdrawal, termination or other discontinuation,
as applicable, of the Superior Transaction;

(ii)if this Agreement is terminated by PubCo pursuant to Section 7.04(a) then PubCo shall pay to the Company the PubCo Termination
Fee within ten Business Days of such termination; or

-63-

(iii) if this
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 7.03(a), then PubCo shall pay to the Company the PubCo Termination
Fee within ten Business Days after receiving written notice of such termination from the Company.

(b) Payment of PubCo
Termination Fee. The payment of any PubCo Termination Fee required to be made pursuant to Section 7.06(a) shall be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account(s) designated by the Company as set forth on Schedule 7.06(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter or to such other account(s) designated by the Company in writing to PubCo after the date
hereof.

(c) Others Fees and
Expenses Following Termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary:

(i)the Company shall not be required to pay any termination fee upon termination of this Agreement;

(ii)PubCo acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Section 7.06 are an integral part of the Transactions (including
the Merger), and that without such provisions the Company would not have entered into this Agreement. If PubCo shall fail to pay in a
timely manner the amount due pursuant to this Section 7.06, and, in order to obtain such overdue amount and enforce its rights
under this Section 7.06, the Company makes a claim against PubCo that results in a judgment against PubCo, then PubCo shall pay
to the Company the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Company (including its reasonable and documented
attorneys fees and expenses) incurred or accrued in connection with such suit, provided that any such attorneys fees are
based upon actual hours worked by an attorney at such attorneys normal hourly billing rate and not upon any percentage of any amount
in dispute, premium, results achieved or any non-hourly charge; and

(iii)except in the case of a willful breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or other provision contained in this
Agreement or fraud by any of the PubCo Entities (in which case the Company shall be entitled to seek monetary damages, recovery or award
from PubCo), (A) the parties agree that the Companys right to receive payment from PubCo of the PubCo Termination Fee pursuant
to Section 7.06 shall constitute the sole and exclusive monetary remedy of the Company against the PubCo Entities for all losses
and damages suffered as a result of the failure of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated or for a breach or
failure to perform hereunder, and upon payment of such PubCo Termination Fee, none of the PubCo Entities shall have any further liability
or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except with respect to
this Section 7.6) and (ii) the Parties hereby agree that if actually paid in full, the PubCo Termination Fee shall represent the
sole and exclusive remedy of the Company in the circumstances in which such fee is payable and the Company shall not be entitled to bring
or maintain any other claim, action or proceeding against PubCo, shall be precluded from any other remedy against PubCo, at law, in equity,
in contract, in tort or otherwise, and shall not seek to obtain any recovery or judgment against PubCo, in connection with or arising
out of the termination of any of the this Agreement or any other agreement entered into connection with the Transactions (the Transaction
Documents), any breach by PubCo giving rise to such termination, the failure of the Transactions to be consummated, the failure
by PubCo to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (other than the Confidentiality Agreement)
or failure by PubCo to perform any obligation under Law.

-64-

Article
VIII. [Intentionally left blank]

Article
IX. MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.01 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

(a)Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with, such first Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative
meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with), when used with
respect to any Person, means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise.

(b)Antitrust Laws means the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act, and
any applicable foreign antitrust Laws and all other applicable Laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions
having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of competition through merger or acquisition.

(c)Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in Hong Kong and
New York, New York are authorized or required by Law to close.

(d)Company Assets means any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e)Company Material Adverse Effect means any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, effect or circumstance (each,
an Effect) that, individually or in the aggregate with any one or more other Effects, would reasonably be expected
to (x) result in a material adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (y) prevent, or materially impair or delay, the ability of the Company to consummate the Transactions
or otherwise perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, taken as a whole; provided, however, no Effect (by itself or when aggregated
or taken together with any and all other Effects) resulting or arising from any of the following shall be taken into account when determining
whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (a) general economic conditions (or changes in such conditions)
in the United States or any other country or region in the world, or conditions in the global economy generally, affecting the industry
in which the Company operates; (b) conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the securities markets, credit markets, currency or other
financial markets in the United States or any other country or region in the world; (c) conditions (or changes in such conditions) in
the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct business; (d) changes in political conditions in the United States or
any other country or region in the world or acts of war, sabotage or terrorism (including any escalation or general worsening of any such
acts of war, sabotage or terrorism) in the United States or any other country or region in the world; (e) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis,
tornadoes, floods, mudslides, wild fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions and other force majeure events in the United States
or any other country or region in the world; (f) pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks or any escalation or worsening of any of the
foregoing (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any effect resulting from, arising out of or otherwise related to a pandemic (including
any impact of any associated shutdown, shelter in place or non-essential business order or other similar measures mandated or recommended
by any applicable Governmental Authority); (g) the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency or consummation of the Transactions;
(h) changes in Law or other legal or regulatory conditions, or the interpretation thereof, or changes in GAAP or other accounting standards
(or the interpretation thereof), or that result from any action taken for the purpose of complying with any of the foregoing; or (i) any
specific action taken (or omitted to be taken) by the Company that is required by this Agreement; provided, further, that any Effect relating
to or arising out of or resulting from any change or event referred to in clauses (a) through (f) or (h) above may constitute, and be
taken into account in determining the occurrence of, a Company Material Adverse Effect if and only to the extent that such change or event
has a disproportionate impact on the Company and its Subsidiaries as compared to other
participants that operate in the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate.

-65-

(f)Company Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares, par value $0.10 per share, of the Company of any series
or class.

(g)Company Outstanding Shares means the total number of shares of Company Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time expressed on a fully diluted and as-converted to Company Ordinary Share basis, assuming, without limitation
or duplication, and calculated using the treasury stock method (i) the conversion of each Company Preferred Share into shares of Company
Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Effective Time and in accordance with the Companys memorandum and articles of association;
(ii) the Company Convertible Securities Conversion; and (iii) the issuance of Company Ordinary Shares in respect of all other rights to
receive such shares that will be outstanding immediately after the Effective Time, in each case pursuant to the instruments governing
such securities.

(h)Company Preferred Shares means the redeemable convertible preferred shares of the Company, par value $0.10.

(i)Company Share Capital means the Company Ordinary Shares together with the Company Preferred Shares.

(j)Confidentiality Agreement means that certain mutual non-disclosure and confidentiality agreement, dated as
of December 10, 2024, by and between PubCo and YOOV Internet Technology (Asia) Limited, a Hong Kong company.

(k)Contract means any written or oral contract, agreement, indenture, note, bond, loan, lease, sublease, mortgage,
license, sublicense, obligation or other binding arrangement.

(l)DOJ means the U.S. Department of Justice.

(m)Environmental Laws means all Laws relating to (i) pollution, contamination, protection of the (indoor or outdoor)
environment or health and safety, (ii) emissions, discharges, disseminations, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Substances
into the environment, including air (indoor or outdoor), surface water, groundwater, soil, land surface or subsurface, buildings, facilities,
real or personal property or fixtures, or (iii) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of, or exposure to, Hazardous Substances. Environmental Laws includes the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.,
the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. 136 et seq., the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. 2701
et seq., the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq., the Safe Drinking Water
Act, 42 U.S.C. 300f et seq., the Endangered Species Act, 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq., the Solid Waste Disposal Act,
as amended by the Resource Conservation and Control Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. and all applicable analogous state or local
statutes or ordinances.

(n)ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that
is treated as a single employer with such Person within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or Sections 414(b), (c), (m), or
(o) of the Code.

-66-

(o) Exchange Ratio means the ratio (rounded to four decimal places), determined as follows, if the closing price
of the PubCo Common Stock on NASDAQ on the second trading day immediately preceding the Effective Time is (x) less than or equal to $5.00,
the Exchange Ratio shall be 60,000,000 divided by the Company Outstanding Shares; or (y) greater than $5.00, the Exchange Ratio shall
be 54,000,000 divided by the Company Outstanding Shares.

(p)FTC means the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.

(q)GAAP generally accepted accounting principles and practices in effect from time to time within the United
States applied consistently throughout the period involved.

(r)Governmental Authority means (i) any federal, state, local, foreign or international government or governmental
authority, regulatory or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, court,
tribunal, arbitrator or arbitral body (public or private); and (ii) any self-regulatory organization (including Nasdaq); (iii) any political
subdivision of any of the foregoing.

(s)Hazardous Substances means any material, substance, chemical, waste, product, derivative, compound, mixture,
solid, liquid, mineral, or gas, in each case, whether naturally occurring or manmade, that presents a risk to human health or the environment
or is hazardous, acutely hazardous, toxic, or words of similar import or regulatory effect under any Environmental Law or is otherwise
governed, defined, regulated, or for which Liability or standards of conduct may be imposed under any Environmental Law including but
not limited to any petroleum or petroleum-derived products, radon, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form, lead or lead-containing
materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, mold, and perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.

(t)HSR Act means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.

(u)Intellectual Property means all intellectual property and other similar proprietary rights in any jurisdiction
throughout the world, including any and all (i) inventions (whether or not patentable), invention disclosures, patents and patent applications
(including divisionals, provisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, and renewal applications), and any renewals, extensions, or
reissues thereof; (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, slogans, trade names, assumed names, corporate names, domain names
and other source identifiers, including all registrations and applications for registration of the foregoing, and all goodwill associated
with any of the foregoing; (iii) copyrights (including all registrations and applications for registration), copyrightable subject matter,
original works of authorship, and moral rights; (iv) rights in Software, (v) trade secrets, including confidential and proprietary information
and know-how (including processes, formulae, techniques, methods, algorithms, data, databases, designs, drawings, specifications, and
material proprietary customer and business data); and (vi) rights to sue and recover and retain damages, costs and attorneys fees
for the past, present and future infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any of the foregoing.

(v)Intervening Event means any material event, change, effect, development or occurrence occurring or arising
after the date of this Agreement that (i) was not known by nor was reasonably foreseeable to the board of directors of any Party or the
executive officers of any Party as of or prior to the date of this Agreement (or, if known, the consequences of which were not known or
reasonably foreseeable to such Persons as of the date of this Agreement) and results in the standalone financial condition of PubCo, the
Company and their respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, being materially more favorable to the PubCo Stockholders or the Company
Shareholders, as applicable, than this Agreement and the Transactions, and (ii) does not relate to or involve a (A) Takeover Proposal
or, (B) in the case of PubCo, any changes in the market price,
or change in trading volume, of the PubCo Common Stock, any change of the ratings or ratings outlook for PubCo by any of the Rating Agencies
and the consequences of any such ratings or outlook changes, or PubCo exceeding any projections, forecasts, budgets, operational metrics
or estimates (it being understood that the underlying causes of any such changes or developments may, if they are not otherwise excluded
from the definition of Intervening Event, be taken into account in determining whether an Intervening Event has occurred).

-67-

(w)Intervening Event Notice means a prior written notice of an Intervening Event delivered by one Party to the
other Party in accordance with Section 5.04(c)(v).

(x)Intervening Event Notice Period means five Business Days (as modified, extended or continued in accordance
with Section 5.04(c)(v)).

(y)Knowledge means, when used with respect to PubCo or the Company, the actual knowledge of the Persons set forth
in Section 9.01(aa) of the PubCo Disclosure Letter or Company Disclosure Letter, respectively and such Persons on the PubCo Disclosure
Letter referred to as the PubCo Knowledge Persons, and such Persons on the Company Disclosure Letter referred to
as the Company Knowledge Persons, in each case, after reasonable investigation of each such individual.

(z)Law means any federal, state, national, material local or municipal or other law, statute, ordinance, code,
regulation, rule, the common law or other requirement of any Governmental Authority, and any Orders.

(aa)Liens means any mortgages, deeds of trust, liens, pledges, security interests, leases, subleases, licenses,
covenants, claims, hypothecations, options, rights of first offer or refusal, charges or other encumbrances in respect of any property
or asset.

(bb)Merger Sub Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares, no par value per share, of Merger Sub of any series
or class.

(cc)
Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

(dd)Orders means any orders, decisions, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, awards or other determinations
of any Governmental Authority.

(ee) Permitted
Liens means (i) statutory Liens for Taxes, assessments or other charges by Governmental Authorities not yet due and
payable or the amount or validity of which is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, and for which adequate
reserves have been made on the Company Balance Sheet and PubCo Balance Sheet, (ii) mechanics, materialmens,
carriers, workmens, warehousemans, repairmens, landlords and similar Liens granted or which arise
in the ordinary course of business that are not material in amount and do not materially detract from the value of or materially
impair the existing use of the property affected by such Lien, (iii) zoning, entitlement, building and other land use Liens
applicable to real property which are not violated by the current use, occupancy or operation of such real property, (iv) Liens
arising under workers compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, retirement and similar Laws, (v) Liens on goods
in transit incurred pursuant to documentary letters of credit, and (vi) non-exclusive, non-perpetual licenses of Intellectual
Property granted by the applicable Party in the ordinary course of business.

(ff)Person means any natural person, corporation, company, partnership, association, limited liability company,
limited partnership, limited liability partnership, trust or other legal entity or organization, including a Governmental Authority.

-68-

(gg) Proxy Statement means the proxy statement to be sent to PubCo Stockholders in connection with the PubCo Stockholders
Meeting.

(hh)PubCo Assets means any assets of PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ii)PubCo Balance Sheet means the unaudited balance sheet of PubCo as of September 30, 2024 (the PubCo
Balance Sheet Date), included in PubCos Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed
with the SEC.

(jj)PubCo Capital Stock means PubCo Common Stock and PubCo Preferred Stock.

(kk)PubCo Common Stock means the Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of PubCo.

(ll) PubCo
Employee each individual who is an employee, independent contractor or other individual service provider of PubCo and its
Subsidiaries.

(mm)PubCo
Equity Plan means Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as adopted on October 12, 2023.

(nn)PubCo Financial Advisor means Roth Capital Partners, LLC.

(oo)PubCo Material Adverse Effect means any Effect that, individually or in the aggregate with any one or more
other Effects, would reasonably be expected to (x) result in a material adverse effect on the business, assets, Liabilities, results of
operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the PubCo Entities and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (y) prevent, or materially
impair or delay, the ability of the PubCo Entities to consummate the Transactions or otherwise perform any of its obligations under this
Agreement, taken as a while; provided, however, no Effect (by itself or when aggregated or taken together with any and all other Effects)
resulting or arising from any of the following shall be taken into account when determining whether a PubCo Material Adverse
Effect has occurred: (a) general economic conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the United States or any other country
or region in the world, or conditions in the global economy generally, affecting the industry in which PubCo operates; (b) conditions
(or changes in such conditions) in the securities markets, credit markets, currency markets or other financial markets in the United States
or any other country or region in the world; (c) conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the industries in which PubCo Entities
and their Subsidiaries conduct business; (d) changes in political conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the
world or acts of war, sabotage or terrorism (including any escalation or general worsening of any such acts of war, sabotage or terrorism)
in the United States or any other country or region in the world; (e) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides,
wild fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions and other force majeure events in the United States or any other country or
region in the world; (f) pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks or any escalation or worsening of any of the foregoing (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, any effect resulting from, arising out of or otherwise related to any the impact of any associated shutdown,
shelter in place or non-essential business order or other similar measures mandated or recommended by any applicable Governmental Authority);
(g) the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency or consummation of the Transactions; (h) changes in Law or other legal or regulatory
conditions, or the interpretation thereof, or changes in GAAP or other accounting standards (or the interpretation thereof), or that result
from any action taken for the purpose of complying with any of the foregoing; (i) any specific action taken (or omitted to be taken) by
PubCo that is required by this Agreement; or (j) any failure by PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries to meet any internal or external projections
or forecasts or any decline in the price of PubCo Common Stock (but excluding, in each case, the underlying causes of such failure or
decline, as applicable, which may themselves constitute or be taken into account in determining whether there has been, or would
be, a PubCo Material Adverse Effect); provided, further, that any Effect relating to or arising out of or resulting from any change or
event referred to in clauses (a) through (f) or (h) above may constitute, and be taken into account in determining the occurrence of,
a PubCo Material Adverse Effect if and only to the extent that such change or event has a disproportionate impact on the PubCo Entities
and their Subsidiaries as compared to other participants that operate in the industry in which the PubCo Entities and their Subsidiaries
operate.

-69-

(pp)PubCo Preferred Stock means the preferred stock of PubCo, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares
authorized.

(qq)PubCo RSUs means restricted stock units issued by PubCo.

(rr)PubCo Stock Issuance means the issuance, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
of the shares of PubCo Common Stock that represent more than twenty percent (20%) of the shares of PubCo Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Merger to the Company Shareholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the change of control
of PubCo resulting from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case pursuant to the Nasdaq rules.

(ss)PubCo Stock Option means a stock option to purchase shares of PubCo Common Stock issued by PubCo pursuant
to the PubCo Equity Plan.

(tt)PubCo Stockholder Matters means (i) the amendment of PubCos certificate of incorporation to effect
the Reverse Stock Split (to the extent PubCo and the Company mutually agree is applicable and necessary to meet the requirements, if any,
for the Nasdaq Listing Application), (ii) the PubCo Stock Issuance and (iii) any other proposals PubCo and the Company mutually agree
is necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(uu)PubCo Stockholders Meeting means the special meeting of the PubCo Stockholders to be held to consider the
approval of this Agreement and the Transactions.

(vv)PubCo Termination Fee means a one-time fee in an amount equal to $1,000,000.

(ww)Qualified
Person means any Person making a bona fide Takeover Proposal that did not result from a breach of Section
5.04 that the board of directors of such Party receiving the Takeover Proposal determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel and its financial advisor) is, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a Superior Proposal.

(xx)Rating Agencies means Standard & Poors Ratings Service and A.M. Best Company.

(yy)Representatives means, when used with respect to any Person, the directors, officers, employees, consultants,
accountants, legal counsel, investment bankers or other financial advisors, agents and other representatives of such Person.

(zz) Requisite
Company Vote means the written consent or affirmative vote of (i) the holders of a majority of the outstanding Company
Ordinary Shares, and (ii) the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Preferred Share.

-70-

(aaa)Requisite
PubCo Vote means the adoption of this Agreement and the Transactions by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of PubCo Common Stock as of the record date for the PubCo Stockholders Meeting.

(bbb)Reverse Stock Split means a reverse stock split of the PubCo Common Stock, with the final ratio to be designated
by the Company and effective by PubCo prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the terms hereof.

(ccc)Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder.

(ddd)Software means all computer software (in object code or source code format), libraries, data and databases,
and related specifications, documentation and materials.

(eee)Specified Time means the earlier of (i) the time that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the
terms hereof, and (ii) receipt of the Requisite PubCo Vote and Requisite Company Vote.

(fff)Stock Equivalent means, with respect to any Person, any option or other security or obligation that is by
its terms, directly or indirectly, convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company, and any option, warrant or other
right to subscribe for, purchase or acquire shares of such Persons capital stock or Stock Equivalents (disregarding any restrictions
or limitations on the exercise of such rights).

(ggg)Subsidiary means, when used with respect to any Person, any other Person that such Person directly or indirectly
owns or has the power to vote or control more than 50% of the voting stock or other interests the holders of which are generally entitled
to vote for the election of the board of directors or other applicable governing body of such other Person.

(hhh)Superior Proposal means a bona fide and unsolicited written Takeover Proposal (substituting more than
50% for 20% in each instance in the definition of Takeover Proposal), made by any Third Party or group (as defined
in Section 13 of the Exchange Act) after the date of this Agreement, which did not result from a direct or indirect material breach
of any provision of this Agreement, including Section 5.04, and that the board of directors of the Party receiving such Takeover
Proposal determines in good faith, in consultation with outside legal counsel and financial advisors and taking into account (with such
weight and proportion as determined by such board of directors in its sole discretion) all the terms and conditions and the financial,
legal, regulatory, timing, financing, conditionality and other aspects and risks of such Takeover Proposal and this Agreement (after taking
into account any revisions to the terms and conditions to this Agreement made or proposed in writing by the other Party to the Agreement
in accordance with Section 5.04), (i) are more favorable to the stockholders of PubCo or shareholders of the Company, as applicable
(solely in their capacities as such) than the Transactions, and (ii) the board of directors of PubCo or the Company, as applicable, believes
is reasonably likely to be consummated in accordance with its terms.

(iii)Superior Proposal Notice means a prior written notice of a Superior Proposal delivered by one Party to the
other Party in accordance with Section 5.04(c)(vi).

(jjj) Superior
Proposal Notice Period means five Business Days (as modified, extended or continued in accordance with Section
5.04(c)(vi)).

-71-

(kkk) Takeover Proposal means any proposal, offer, inquiry or indication of interest from a Third Party or group
(as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of Third Parties, whether involving a single or a series of related transactions made
or submitted to PubCo or the Company relating to (i) a merger, consolidation, share exchange or business combination involving a Party
or any of its Subsidiaries representing 20% or more of such Partys assets, revenues, or earnings, (ii) a sale, lease, exchange,
mortgage, transfer or other disposition of 20% or more of a Partys assets, revenues or earnings, (iii) a direct or indirect purchase
or sale of shares of capital stock, share capital or other Stock Equivalents of a Party (including the PubCo Common Stock) representing
20% or more of the voting power of the capital stock or share capital of such Party or any successor or parent company thereto, including
by way of a merger, business combination, share exchange, tender offer or exchange offer, (iv) a reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation
or dissolution of a Party, or (v) any other transaction having a similar effect to those described in clauses (i) through (iv), or any
combination of the transactions in (i) through (iv) in each case other than the Transactions.

(lll) Tax
Returns means any and all reports, returns, declarations, claims for refund, elections, disclosures, estimates,
information reports or returns or statements required to be supplied to a Governmental Authority in connection with Taxes, including
any schedule or attachment thereto or amendment thereof.

(mmm)Taxes
means (i) any and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties, and similar
governmental charges (including any interest, fines, assessments, penalties or additions to tax imposed in connection therewith or
with respect thereto) including (x) taxes imposed on, or measured by, income, franchise, profits or gross receipts, and (y) ad
valorem, value added, capital gains, sales, goods and services, use, real or personal property, capital stock, share capital,
license, branch, payroll, estimated withholding, employment, social security (or similar), unemployment, compensation, escheat,
abandoned and unclaimed property, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, transfer and
gains taxes, and customs duties, (ii) any and all Liability for the payment of any items described in clause (i) above as a result
of being (or ceasing to be) a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate group (or being included (or
being required to be included) in any Tax Return related to such group), including pursuant to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1502-6 (or comparable provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law), and (iii) any and all Liability for the payment
of any amounts described in clause (i) or (ii) above as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify any other person,
or any successor or transferee Liability.

(nnn)Third Party means any Person or group other than the Company and its Affiliates.

Section 9.02 Interpretation.
Unless the express context otherwise requires:

(a)the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this
Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;

(b)terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa;

(c)the terms Dollars and $ mean U.S. dollars;

(d)references herein to a specific Section, Subsection, Recital, Schedule or Exhibit shall refer, respectively, to Sections,
Subsections, Recitals, Schedules or Exhibits of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated;

-72-

(e) wherever the word include, includes or including is used in this Agreement, it shall
be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation;

(f)references herein to any gender shall include each other gender;

(g)references herein to a Person in a particular capacity or capacities shall exclude such Person in any other capacity;

(h)the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive;

(i)references herein to any Law shall be deemed to refer to such Law as amended, modified, codified, reenacted, supplemented or superseded
in whole or in part and in effect from time to time, and also to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

(j)the headings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights of the Parties;

(k)if the last day for the giving of any notice or the performance of any act required or permitted under this Agreement is a day
that is not a Business Day, then the time for the giving of such notice or the performance of such action shall be extended to the next
succeeding Business Day; and

(l)references herein to ordinary course of business shall refer to ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice.

Section 9.03 No
Survival. None of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered under this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 9.03 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the Parties which,
by its terms, contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

Section 9.04 Governing
Law. All matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the Transactions (including its interpretation,
construction, performance and enforcement) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of the State of Delaware
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of Laws of any
jurisdictions other than those of the State of Delaware.

Section 9.05 Submission
to Jurisdiction; Service. Each Party (a) irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the personal jurisdiction of the federal
courts of the United States of America located in the State of Delaware and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, (b)
agrees to assert, by way of motion or as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of the courts in Delaware as described herein for any reason, or (ii) any claim that it or its property is exempt
or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice,
attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise), (c) agrees that any
actions or proceedings arising in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions shall be brought, tried and determined only in
the Delaware Court of Chancery (or, only if the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter,
any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), (d) waives any claim of improper venue or any claim that those courts are
an inconvenient forum, and (e) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the Transactions in any court
other than the aforesaid courts. The Parties agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such Legal Action
or proceeding in the manner provided in Section 9.07 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable Law, shall be
valid and sufficient service thereof. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts for
itself and with respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, with regard to any such action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement and the Transactions.

-73-

Section 9.06 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS.

Section 9.07 Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be addressed as follows (or at such other address for a
Party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to any PubCo Entity, to:

Avalon GloboCare Corp.

4400 Route 9 South, Suite 3100

Freehold, New Jersey 07728

Attn: Luisa Ingargiola (email: [***])

With a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Lowenstein Sandler LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn: Steven Skolnick, Esq. (email: [***])

If to the Company, to:

YOOV Internet Technology (Asia) Limited

19/F, Rykadan Capital Tower

135 Hoi Bun Road

KT, KLN, Hong Kong

Attn: Phil Wong (email: [***])

With a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Lucosky Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Iselin, New Jersey 08830

Attn: Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq. (email: [***])

Scott Linsky, Esq. (email: [***])

Ian Liao, Esq. (email: [***])

All such notices or communications
shall be deemed to have been delivered and received: (a) if delivered in person, on the day of such delivery, (b) if by electronic mail,
on the day on which such electronic mail was sent; provided, written confirmation of receipt by e-mail or otherwise is confirmed,
(c) if by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested, postage prepaid), on the third Business Day after the mailing thereof, or (d) if by reputable overnight
delivery service, on the first Business Day after the sending thereof.

-74-

Section 9.08 Amendment.
This Agreement may be amended by the Parties at any time before the Effective Time, whether before or after obtaining the Requisite
PubCo Vote, so long as (a) no amendment that requires further stockholder approval under applicable Law after stockholder approval
hereof shall be made without such required further approval, and (b) such amendment has been duly approved by the board of directors
of each of PubCo Entity and the Company. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the
Parties.

Section 9.09 Extension;
Waiver. At any time before the Effective Time, PubCo Entities, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, may (a)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations of the other Party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties of the other Party contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered under this Agreement, or (c) subject to
applicable Law, waive compliance with any of the covenants or conditions contained in this Agreement; provided, however, that after
the approval of the stockholders of PubCo or the Company has been obtained, no waiver may be made that pursuant to applicable Law
requires further approval or adoption by the shareholders of the Company or stockholders of PubCo, as applicable, without such
further approval or adoption. Any agreement on the part of a Party to any extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed by such Party. The failure of any Party to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise
shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.

Section 9.10 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (and the exhibits hereto), the Company Disclosure Letter, the PubCo Disclosure Letter, the
certificates delivered hereunder, the PubCo Voting Agreements, the Company Voting Agreements, and the Confidentiality Agreement
contain all of the terms, conditions and representations and warranties agreed to by the Parties relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, correspondence, undertakings, understandings,
representations and warranties, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. No
representation, warranty, inducement, promise, understanding or condition not set forth in such documents has been made or relied
upon by any of the Parties.

Section 9.11 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except (a) for the Parties, (b) as provided in Section 5.08 (Directors and
Officers Indemnification and Insurance), and (c) the rights of Covered Persons under Section 5.17, nothing in this
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person other than the parties and their respective successors
and permitted assigns any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature under or by reason of this Agreement. The
representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the Parties and are for the sole benefit of
the Parties. Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the parties hereto in accordance with Section
9.09 without notice or liability to any other Person. In some instances, the representations and warranties in this Agreement
may represent an allocation among the parties hereto of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any
of the parties hereto. Consequently, Persons other than the parties hereto may not rely upon the representations and warranties in
this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.

Section 9.12 Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of
that provision to any Person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable provision shall be
substituted for that provision in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of the invalid or unenforceable provision,
and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the application of that provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not be affected
by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of that provision,
or the application of that provision, in any other jurisdiction. Upon such a determination, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a reasonably acceptable manner so
that the Transactions may be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

-75-

Section 9.13 Rules
of Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. If an ambiguity or a
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this
Agreement. Subject to and without limiting the introductory language to Article III and Article IV, each Party has or
may have set forth information in the Company Disclosure Letter and PubCo Disclosure Letter, as applicable, in a section of
such disclosure letter that corresponds to the section of this Agreement to which it relates. The fact that any item of
information is disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter or PubCo Disclosure Letter shall not constitute an admission by the
Company or PubCo, respectively, that such item is material, that such item has had or would have a Company Material Adverse Effect
or PubCo Material Adverse Effect, as the case may be, or that the disclosure of such be construed to mean that such information is
required to be disclosed by this Agreement.

Section 9.14 Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns. No
Party may assign or delegate, by operation of law or otherwise, all or any portion of its rights or Liabilities under this Agreement
without the prior written consent of the other Parties, and any attempted or purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section
9.13 shall be null and void.

Section 9.15 Remedies.
No failure or delay on the part of any Party in the exercise of any right hereunder shall impair such right or be construed to be a
waiver of, or acquiescence in, any breach of any representation, warranty or agreement herein, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other right. All rights and remedies existing
under this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available except as otherwise
provided Section 9.15, the exercise by a Party of any one remedy hereunder shall not preclude the exercise by it of any other
remedy hereunder to the extent permitted herein; provided, however, that, without limiting the ability of the Company to pursue both
specific performance pursuant to Section 9.15 (subject to the terms and conditions therein) prior to a valid termination of
this Agreement and payment of the PubCo Termination Fee, under no circumstances shall the Company be permitted or entitled to
receive both a grant of (a) specific performance pursuant to Section 9.15 (subject to the terms and conditions therein), and
(b) the payment the PubCo Termination Fee. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Company seeks, but does not granted the
remedy of specific performance pursuant to Section 9.16, the Company will still be entitled to receive payment of the
Termination Fee pursuant to Section 7.06 (subject to the terms and conditions therein).

Section 9.16 Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable injury would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement are not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached, and further agree that the right of specific
performance is an integral part of this Agreement and without that right the Parties would not have entered into this Agreement.
Further, it is explicitly agreed that the Parties shall have the right to an injunction or specific performance to the other
Partys obligations to consummate the Transactions. It is further agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or
other court of the United States as specified in Section 9.05, and the Parties hereby waive any requirement for the posting of
any bond or similar collateral in connection therewith. Each Party agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction or specific
performance on the basis that (i) any other Party has an adequate remedy at law, or (ii) an award of specific performance is not an appropriate
remedy for any reason at law or equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that their respective rights under this Section
9.15 shall terminate upon the Companys receipt of the PubCo Termination Fee.

-76-

Section 9.17 Counterparts;
Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an
original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this
Agreement and signature pages by email in .pdf or .tif format (including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. ESIGN Act
of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, or by combination of such means, shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to
the Parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Such execution and delivery shall be considered
valid, binding and effective for all purposes.

Section 9.18 Non-Recourse.
This Agreement may only be enforced against the named Parties. All legal proceedings, Legal Actions, obligations, losses, damages,
claims or causes of action (whether in contract, in tort, in law or in equity, or granted by statute whether by or through attempted
piercing of the corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company veil or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise under,
out or by reason of, be connected with, or relate in any manner to (i) this Agreement or any of the other agreements or documents
contemplated hereby, (ii) the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement or any of the documents contemplated hereby
(including any representation or warranty made in connection with, or as an inducement to, this Agreement or any of the other
agreements or documents contemplated hereby), (iii) any breach or violation of this Agreement (including the failure of any
representation and warranty to be true or accurate) or any of the other agreements or documents contemplated hereby, and (iv) any
failure of the Transactions or the other agreements or documents contemplated hereby to be consummated, in the case of clauses (i)
and (iv), may be made only against (and are those solely of) the Persons that are expressly named as parties to this Agreement, the
PubCo Voting Agreements, and the Confidentiality Agreement, and then only to the extent of the specific obligations of such Persons
set forth in this Agreement, the PubCo Voting Agreements, or the Confidentiality Agreement, as applicable. In furtherance and not in
limitation of the foregoing, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Party covenants, agrees
and acknowledges that (except to the extent named as a party, the PubCo Voting Agreements, or the Confidentiality Agreement, and
then only to the extent of the specific obligations of such parties set forth in this Agreement, the PubCo Voting Agreements, or the
Confidentiality Agreement, as applicable) no recourse under this Agreement, any related document or any documents or instruments
delivered in connection with this Agreement or any related document shall be had against any Company Related Party or PubCo Related
Party, whether in contract, tort, equity, law or granted by statute whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate,
limited partnership or limited liability company veil or otherwise.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

-77-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

PUBCO

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

By: /s/ Luisa Ingargiola

Name: Luisa Ingargiola 

Title: Chief Financial Officer

COMPANY

YOOV GROUP HOLDING LIMITED

By: /s/ Phil Wong

Name: Phil Wong

Title: Chief Executive Officer

MERGER SUB 

NEXUS MERGERSUB LIMITED

By: /s/ Luisa Ingargiola

Name: Luisa Ingargiola 

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]

EXHIBIT A

Form of PubCo Voting Agreement

[See attached]

EXHIBIT B

Form of Lockup Agreement

[See attached]

EXHIBIT C

Form of Company Voting Agreement

[See attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex3-1_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION RELATING TO THE SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK, FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF DELAWARE ON MARCH 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

OF THE SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
OF

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

Pursuant to Section 151(g)

of the General Corporation Law

of the State of Delaware

Avalon GloboCare Corp., a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), in accordance with
the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

1. That,
pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and authority granted in the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company, as theretofore amended, the Board of Directors of the Company, by resolution duly adopted, authorized
the issuance of a series of fifteen thousand (15,000) shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Series A Preferred Stock), and established the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating
and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and, on November 3, 2022, filed a Certificate of Designation
of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation)
in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

2. That no shares of
said Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding and no shares thereof will be issued subject to said Series A Certificate of
Designation.

3. That
the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted the following resolutions:

WHEREAS, by resolution of the
Board of Directors of the Company and by a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation) filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware on November 3, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of a series of fifteen thousand (15,000) shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series A Preferred Stock) and established
the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof;

WHEREAS, five thousand (5,000)
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were issued by the Company on November 7, 2022 and four thousand (4,000) shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock were issued by the Company on December 14, 2022;

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof,
no shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding and no shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be issued subject to said
Series A Certificate of Designation; and

WHEREAS, it is desirable that
all matters set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation with respect to such Series A Preferred Stock be eliminated from the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended, of the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT:

RESOLVED, that all matters set
forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation with respect to such Series A Preferred Stock be eliminated from the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended, of the Company; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the officers
of the Company be, and hereby are, authorized and directed to file a Certificate with the office of the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware setting forth a copy of these resolutions whereupon all matters set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation with
respect to such Series A Preferred Stock shall be eliminated from the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore
amended, of the Company.

4. That,
accordingly, all matters set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock be, and hereby
are, eliminated from the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended, of the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Avalon GloboCare
Corp. has caused this Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer this 7th day of March, 2025.

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

By: /s/ Luisa Ingargiola

Name: Luisa Ingargiola

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex3-2_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION RELATING TO THE SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK, FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF DELAWARE ON MARCH 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF ELIMINATION

OF THE SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
OF

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

Pursuant to Section 151(g)

of the General Corporation Law

of the State of Delaware

Avalon GloboCare Corp., a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), in accordance with
the provisions of Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

1. That, pursuant to Section
151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and authority granted in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company, as theretofore amended, the Board of Directors of the Company, by resolution duly adopted, authorized the issuance of
a series of fifteen thousand (15,000) shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series
B Preferred Stock), and established the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating and other
rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and, on February 9, 2023, filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of the Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B Certificate of Designation) in the office
of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

2. That no shares of said Series
B Preferred Stock are outstanding and no shares thereof will be issued subject to said Series B Certificate of Designation.

3. That the Board of Directors
of the Company has adopted the following resolutions:

WHEREAS, by resolution of the
Board of Directors of the Company and by a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series B Certificate of Designation) filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware on February 9, 2023, the Company authorized the issuance of a series of fifteen thousand (15,000) shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock) and established
the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof;

WHEREAS, eleven thousand (11,000)
shares of the Series B Preferred Stock were issued by the Company on February 9, 2023;

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof,
no shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding and no shares of the Series B Preferred Stock will be issued subject to said
Series B Certificate of Designation; and

WHEREAS, it is desirable that
all matters set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation with respect to such Series B Preferred Stock be eliminated from the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended, of the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT:

RESOLVED, that all matters set
forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation with respect to such Series B Preferred Stock be eliminated from the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended, of the Company; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the officers
of the Company be, and hereby are, authorized and directed to file a Certificate with the office of the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware setting forth a copy of these resolutions whereupon all matters set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation with
respect to such Series B Preferred Stock shall be eliminated from the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore
amended, of the Company.

4. That, accordingly, all matters
set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock be, and hereby are, eliminated from
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended, of the Company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Avalon GloboCare
Corp. has caused this Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer this 7th day of March, 2025.

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

By: /s/ Luisa Ingargiola

Name: Luisa Ingargiola

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex3-3_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE AVALON BYLAWS, AS ADOPTED AND APPROVED BY THE AVALON BOARD ON MARCH 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BYLAWS

OF

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

Adopted and Approved by the Board of
Directors on March 7, 2025

1. Quorum. The first sentence of Article
I, Section 5 of the Avalon GloboCare Corp. (the Corporation) Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws)
is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Except as otherwise required
by law, the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the
Certificate of Incorporation) or these Bylaws, at any meeting of stockholders, one-third of the voting power of
the shares of capital stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, present by remote communication, if applicable,
or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided, however, that where a separate vote
by a class or series or classes or series is required, one-third of the voting power of the shares of such class or series or classes
or series outstanding and entitled to vote on that matter, present in person, present by remote communication, if applicable, or represented
by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to such matter.

2. Effective Date. This Amendment shall
be effective as of the date it is adopted and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex10-1_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF AVALON VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FORM OF VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This PubCo Voting and Support
Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 7, 2025, is entered into by and among Avalon GloboCare Corp.,
a Delaware corporation ( PubCo), YOOV Group Holding Limited, a British Virgin Islands company (the Company),
and the persons listed on the attached Schedule A who are signatories to this Agreement and holders of securities of PubCo (each,
a Stockholder, and collectively, the Stockholders). Terms used herein and not
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, PubCo, the Company,
and Nexus MergerSub Limited, a British Virgin Islands company and wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (Merger Sub),
have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 7, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), providing that,
among other things, all outstanding Company Ordinary Shares will be exchanged for shares of PubCo Common Stock based on the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, as of the date of
this Agreement, each Stockholder is the record and/or beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) of the number of shares of PubCo Common Stock, PubCo Preferred Stock and PubCo Stock Options set forth on Schedule A opposite
such Stockholders name (all of the shares of PubCo Common Stock and PubCo Preferred Stock owned of record or beneficially by such
Stockholder as of the date of this Agreement, the Owned Shares and, together with any additional shares of
PubCo Common Stock or other voting securities of the Company of which such Stockholder acquires record or beneficial ownership after the
date of this Agreement, including by purchase, as a result of a stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, combination, consolidation,
reclassification, exchange or change of such shares, or other similar transaction, or upon exercise, vesting or conversion of any securities,
such Stockholders Covered Shares);

WHEREAS, as a condition and
inducement to the willingness of the parties to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the Merger, the Stockholders are entering into this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Stockholders
acknowledge that each of PubCo and the Company desire to enter into the Merger Agreement in reliance on the representations, warranties,
covenants and other agreements of the Stockholders set forth in this Agreement and would not enter into the Merger Agreement if the Stockholders
did not enter into this Agreement

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby
agree as follows:

Article
I. Certain Definitions.

All capitalized terms that
are used but not defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. For all purposes of and under this
Agreement, the following terms have the following respective meanings:

Section 1.01 Entity
means a corporation (including any non-profit corporation), partnership (including any general partnership, limited partnership or limited
liability partnership), joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any company limited by shares, limited liability company or joint
stock company), firm, society or other enterprise, association, organization or entity, and each of its successors.

Section 1.02 family
member means of any natural person means (i) such individuals spouse (former or current), (ii) such individuals
parents and grandparents (in each case, natural or adoptive, of the whole or half-blood), (iii) such individuals children and grandchildren
(in each case, natural or adoptive, of the whole or half-blood), (iv) such individuals sons-in-law and daughters-in-law (in each
case, former or current), (v) any other ascendants and descendants (natural or adoptive, of the whole or half-blood) of such individuals
parents or of the parents of such individuals spouse (former or current) and (vi) any lineal descendants (natural or adoptive,
of the whole or half-blood) of such individuals spouse.

Section 1.01 Permitted
Liens means (i) Liens for Taxes that (A) are not yet due and payable or (B) are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings, (ii) Liens for assessments and other governmental charges or landlords, carriers, warehousemens, mechanics,
repairmens, workers and other similar common law or statutory Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, in each case that (A) relate to obligations that are not delinquent or (B) the applicable Stockholder or
any of such Stockholders Affiliates is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (iii) Liens that are or may be
imposed pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 1.02 Termination
Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the closing of the Merger, (ii) the occurrence of a PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change
with respect to an Intervening Event and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms.

Section 1.03 A Person
will be deemed to have effected a Transfer of a security if such Person, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, directly
or indirectly, (i) sells, pledges, encumbers, hypothecates, leases, assigns, gifts, grants an option with respect to, transfers, exchanges,
tenders or disposes (by merger, by testamentary disposition, by operation of law or otherwise) of such security or any interest in such
security, (ii) creates or permits to exist any Liens, (iii) deposits such security into a voting trust or enters into a voting agreement
or arrangement or grants any proxy, power of attorney or other authorization with respect thereto that is inconsistent with this Agreement
or (iv) enters into an agreement, option, commitment or other arrangement to take any of the actions referred to in the foregoing clauses
(i) through (iii).

Article
II. Transfer Restrictions.

From the date of this Agreement
until the Termination Date, Stockholder shall not Transfer (or cause or permit the Transfer of) any of such Stockholders Covered
Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Article II shall not prohibit a Transfer of Covered Shares
by a Stockholder (i) if Stockholder is an Entity, to one or more partners or members of Stockholder or an Affiliated corporation, trust
or other Entity under common control with Stockholder, or if Stockholder is a trust, a transfer to a beneficiary, (ii) if Stockholder
is a natural person, a family member of such Stockholder, (iii) to any other Stockholder a party to this Agreement, (iv) as the Company
may otherwise agree in writing in its sole discretion, (v) with respect to Stockholders PubCo Stock Options which expire on or
prior to the Termination Date, as payment for the (A) exercise price of Stockholders PubCo Stock Options and (B) taxes applicable
to the exercise of Stockholders PubCo Stock Options, (vi) to any natural person or Entity if and to the extent required by any
non-consensual legal order, by divorce decree or by will, intestacy or other similar law or for estate planning purposes; provided
that in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii), such a Transfer shall be permitted only if, as a precondition to such Transfer, the transferee
agrees in writing (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to PubCo) to be bound by all of the obligations of such Stockholder under
this Agreement with respect to such Covered Shares being Transferred. If any voluntary or involuntary Transfer of any Covered Shares occurs,
the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent transferees of the initial transferee)
shall take and hold such Covered Shares subject to all of the restrictions, Liabilities and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue
in full force and effect, notwithstanding that such transferee is not a Stockholder and has not executed a counterpart hereof or joinder
hereto. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Covered Shares in violation of this Article II shall be null and void and of
no effect whatsoever.

2

Article
III. Agreement to Vote.

Section 3.01 From
the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, at the PubCo Stockholders Meeting and any other meeting of the stockholders of
PubCo (and at every adjournment or postponement thereof) to vote on any matter contemplated by this Agreement, however called, each Stockholder
unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, all such Stockholders Covered Shares held at that time:

(a) in
favor of the PubCo Stockholder Matters;

(b) in
favor of any other proposal or proposals that PubCo reasonably deems necessary or desirable to consummate the Transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement;

(c) in
favor of the adjournment of the PubCo Stockholders Meeting as permitted by Section 5.06 of the Merger Agreement;

(d) against
any action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in the conditions of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
not being fulfilled or a breach of a covenant, representation or warranty or any other material obligation or agreement of PubCo contained
in the Merger Agreement;

(e) against
any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
Transactions and the Merger, or the fulfillment of PubCos or the Companys respective conditions to close the Merger and
Transactions; and

(h) against any Takeover
Proposal.

Section 3.02 From
the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, each Stockholder shall appear, or shall cause the applicable entity that is the
record holder of any of such Stockholders Covered Shares, as applicable (in person, by proxy or by any other means permitted by
the bylaws of PubCo) at each meeting of the stockholders of PubCo, or adjournment or postponement thereof, to vote on any matter contemplated
by this Agreement and shall cause all such Stockholders Covered Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating
a quorum and shall vote all such Stockholders Covered Shares in accordance with this Article III.

Section 3.03 Nothing
in this Agreement, including this Article III, limits or restricts any Stockholder, or any Affiliate or designee of any Stockholder
who serves as a member of the PubCo Board in acting or voting in his or her capacity as a director of PubCo and exercising his or her
fiduciary duties and responsibilities, it being understood that this Agreement applies to each Stockholder solely in such Stockholders
capacity as a stockholder of PubCo and does not apply to such Stockholders or any such Affiliates or designees actions,
judgments or decisions as a director of PubCo, and such actions (or failures to act) shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of this
Agreement.

3

Article
IV. No Inconsistent Agreements.

Each Stockholder hereby represents,
covenants and agrees that, except as contemplated by this Agreement, such Stockholder (a) has not entered into, and shall not enter into
at any time prior to the Termination Date, any voting agreement or voting trust with respect to any of such Stockholders Covered
Shares and (b) has not granted, and shall not grant at any time prior to the Termination Date of this Agreement, a proxy or power of attorney
with respect to any of such Stockholders Covered Shares, in either case, that is inconsistent with such Stockholders obligations
pursuant to this Agreement.

Article
V. Representations and Warranties of each Stockholder.

Each Stockholder hereby represents
and warrants to PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company, solely as to itself and not as to any other Stockholder or other Person, as follows:

Section 5.01 Power;
Organization; Binding Agreement. If such Stockholder is an Entity: (i) Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, organized or constituted, (ii) Stockholder has all necessary
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform Stockholders obligations hereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, performance of Stockholders obligations
hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Stockholder have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of Stockholder and no other proceedings on the part of Stockholder are necessary to authorize this Agreement, or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. If such Stockholder is an individual, Stockholder has the capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement,
to perform such Stockholders obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by such Stockholder, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by PubCo and the Company, this
Agreement is enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance with its terms.

Section 5.02 No
Conflicts. None of the execution and delivery by such Stockholder of this Agreement, the performance by such Stockholder of such Stockholders
obligations hereunder or the consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) require any consent or
approval under, or result in a violation or breach of, any agreement to which such Stockholder is a party or by which such Stockholder
may be bound, including any voting agreement or voting trust, (ii) result in the creation of any Lien on any of the assets or properties
of such Stockholder, (iii) violate any applicable Law or Judgment or (iv) with respect to a Stockholder that is not a natural person,
violate the organizational documents of such Stockholder, in each case, except for such consents, approvals, breaches, Liens or violations
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay such Stockholder from performing such Stockholders
obligations under this Agreement.

Section 5.03 Ownership
of Covered Shares. Such Stockholder is the beneficial owner of such Stockholders Covered Shares. All such Stockholders
Covered Shares are owned free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens, and no Person has a right to acquire any of such Covered
Shares, in each case other than pursuant to this Agreement, the Merger Agreement, under applicable federal or state securities laws or
pursuant to any written policies of PubCo only with respect to restrictions upon the trading of securities under applicable securities
laws. As of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth on Schedule A, other than such Stockholders Owned Shares, such
Stockholder does not own beneficially or of record any (i) shares of capital stock or voting securities of PubCo, (ii) securities of PubCo
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of PubCo or (iii) options or other rights to acquire
from PubCo any capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities
of PubCo.

4

Section 5.04 Voting
Power. Such Stockholder has the requisite voting power, power of disposition, power to issue instructions with respect to the matters
set forth herein and power to agree to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement necessary to take all actions required under this
Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the securities subject to this Agreement owned by such Stockholder, with no limitations,
qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable federal securities laws and those arising under the terms of this
Agreement.

Section 5.05 Reliance
by the Company, PubCo and Merger Sub. Such Stockholder understands and acknowledges that each of the Company, PubCo and Merger Sub
is entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon such Stockholders execution and delivery of this Agreement.

Section 5.06 Consents
and Approvals. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Stockholder does not, and the performance by such Stockholder
of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, require
such Stockholder to obtain any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or to make any filing with or notification to, any Governmental
Authority, except in each case for filings with the SEC or where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits,
or to make such filings and notifications, would not, either individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the performance
by such Stockholder of any of such Stockholders obligations hereunder.

Section 5.07 Litigation.
As of the date of this Agreement, there is no Legal Action pending or, to the knowledge of such Stockholder, threatened against such Stockholder
that would reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the performance by such Stockholder of his, her or its obligations under this Agreement
in any material respect.

Section 5.08 Brokers.
No investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary is entitled to a fee or commission from PubCo or the Company in respect of
this Agreement based upon any contract made by or on behalf of Stockholder

Article
VI. Additional Covered Shares.

For the avoidance of doubt,
prior to the Termination Date, in the event that a Stockholder acquires record or beneficial ownership of, or the power to vote or direct
the voting of, any additional shares of PubCo Common Stock, PubCo Preferred Stock or other voting interests with respect to PubCo, such
shares of PubCo Common Stock, PubCo Preferred Stock, or other voting interests will, without further action of the parties, be deemed
Covered Shares held by such Stockholder and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the number of shares of PubCo Common Stock held
by such Stockholder will be deemed amended accordingly, and such shares of PubCo Common Stock or voting interests will automatically become
subject to the terms of this Agreement as Covered Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall require a Stockholder
to (i) convert, exercise or exchange any options, warrants or convertible securities in order to obtain underlying shares of PubCo Common
Stock or (ii) vote, or execute any consent with respect to, any shares of PubCo Common Stock underlying such options, warrants or convertible
securities that have not yet been issued as of the applicable record date for such vote or consent.

5

Article
VII. irrevocable proxy

Subject to the final sentence of this Article
VII, by execution of this Agreement, such Stockholder does hereby appoint PubCo and any of its designees with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, as Stockholders true and lawful attorney and irrevocable proxy, to the fullest extent of Stockholders
rights with respect to the Covered Shares, to vote and exercise all voting and related rights, including the right to sign such Stockholders
name (solely in its capacity as a stockholder) to any stockholder consent, if Stockholder is unable to perform or otherwise does not perform
his, her or its obligations under this Agreement, with respect to such Covered Shares solely with respect to the matters set forth in
Section 3.01. Such Stockholder intends this proxy to be irrevocable and coupled with an interest hereunder until the Termination
Date, hereby revokes any proxy previously granted by Stockholder with respect to the Covered Shares and represents that none of such previously-granted
proxies are irrevocable. The irrevocable proxy and power of attorney granted herein shall survive the death or incapacity of Stockholder
and the obligations of Stockholder shall be binding on Stockholders heirs, personal representatives, successors, transferees and
assigns. Stockholder hereby agrees not to grant any subsequent powers of attorney or proxies with respect to any Covered Shares with respect
to the matters set forth in Section 3.01 until after the Termination Date. Such Stockholder hereby affirms that the proxy set forth
in this Article VII is given in connection with and granted in consideration of and as an inducement to the Company, PubCo and
Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of Stockholder under Section 3.01.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this irrevocable proxy shall automatically terminate upon the Termination Date.

Article
VIII. Stockholder Litigation.

Each Stockholder agrees not
to commence or participate in, and to take all actions necessary to opt out of any class in any class action with respect to, any claim,
derivative or otherwise, that may be brought against PubCo or any of its successors and assigns relating to the negotiation, execution
or delivery of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; provided
that this Article VIII shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights of any Stockholder or such Stockholders Affiliates for
any breach of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement by PubCo.

Article
IX. Stop Transfer Instructions.

At all times commencing with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the Termination Date, in furtherance of this Agreement, each Stockholder
hereby authorizes PubCo or its counsel to instruct PubCos transfer agent to put in place a stop transfer order with respect to
all of the securities of PubCo held of record by such Stockholder (and that this Agreement places limits on the voting and transfer of
such securities) except with respect to Transfers of any Covered Shares in accordance with Article II.

Article
X. Termination.

This Agreement and all rights
and obligations of the parties hereunder will terminate and have no further force or effect as of the Termination Date; provided
that this Article X and Article XI shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
set forth in this Article X or elsewhere in this Agreement relieves any party hereto from liability, or otherwise limits the liability
of any party hereto, for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination hereof or such partys fraud.

6

Article
XI. Miscellaneous.

Section 11.01 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance
shall be held invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority,
the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in
no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. Upon such a holding, the parties hereto agree to negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement
so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner, in order that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

Section 11.02 Assignment.
Except in connection with a Transfer of any Covered Shares in accordance with Article II, neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by any of the parties
without the prior written consent of the other parties and any purported assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void ab initio.
Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

Section 11.03 Amendment
and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or waived by any party only if such amendment or waiver is in writing and
is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver
is to be effective. Any failure of any of the parties to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition in this Agreement
may be waived by any of the parties entitled to the benefit thereof only by a written instrument signed by each such party granting such
waiver. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall
any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by applicable Law or
in equity.

Section 11.04 Specific
Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy,
would occur and that the parties would not have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that, in addition to any other
remedy to which the parties are entitled at law or in equity, (i) the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific
performance or other equitable relief, to prevent breaches or threatened or anticipated breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the courts described in Section 11.08, without proof of damages or otherwise, and
(ii) the right of specific performance is an integral part of the transactions contemplated hereby and without that right, none of
the parties would have entered into this Agreement. Each of the parties agrees that it waives the defense of adequacy of a remedy at law
and will not oppose the granting of an injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that (A)
the other parties have an adequate remedy at law or (B) an award of an injunction, specific Performance or other equitable relief is not
an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity. The parties acknowledge and agree that any party seeking an injunction or injunctions
to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance with this Section
11.04 shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or injunction.

7

Section 11.05 Notices.
All notices or other communications required or permitted under, or otherwise given in connection with, this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) when delivered, if delivered in person, (ii) on the next Business Day if transmitted by
national overnight courier (with confirmation of delivery) or (iii) on the date transmitted if sent by email (provided that no
bounce back or similar message of non-delivery is received with respect thereto), as follows (or at such other address for
a party as shall be specified by notice given in accordance with this Section 11.05):

If to the Stockholders, to
the address for notice set forth on Schedule A.

If to PubCo, to:

Avalon GloboCare Corp.

4400 Route 9 South, Suite 3100

Freehold, New Jersey 07728

Attn: Luisa Ingargiola (email: [***])

With a copy which shall not constitute
notice to:

Lowenstein Sandler LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn: Steven Skolnick, Esq. (email: [***])

If to the Company, to:

YOOV Internet Technology (Asia) Limited

19/F, Rykadan Capital Tower

135 Hoi Bun Road

KT, KLN, Hong Kong

Attn: Phil Wong (email: [***])

With a copy which shall not constitute
notice to:

Lucosky Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Iselin, New Jersey 08830

Attn: Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq. (email: [***])

Scott Linsky, Esq. (email: [***])

Ian Liao, Esq. (email:
[***])

Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 11.05 shall
only be effective if a duplicative copy of such notice is also given by email in the method described in this Section 11.05.

Section 11.06 No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto (and their respective
successors and permitted assigns) any rights (legal, equitable or otherwise) or remedies, whether as third-party beneficiaries or otherwise.

Section 11.07 Governing
Law. This Agreement and all Legal Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under any applicable conflict of laws principles.

8

Section 11.08 Jurisdiction.
In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each of the parties: (i) irrevocably
and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal courts located in the State of Delaware
and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (collectively with any appellate courts thereof, the Courts);
(ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause
(i) of this Section 11.08; (iii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such Courts; (iv) waives
any objection that such Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any Party; (v) agrees that service of process
upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 11.05 of this
Agreement; and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury. This Agreement, and any certificates, documents,
instruments and writings that are delivered pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect
of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the Parties, written or
oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.

Section 11.09 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF
ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVER, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND
(D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.09.

Section 11.10 Rules
of Construction. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that such party has been represented by counsel of such partys choice
throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that such party has executed the same with the advice
of such counsel. Each party and such partys counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement
and the documents referred to in this Agreement, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties shall be deemed the
work product of all of the parties and may not be construed against any party by reason of such partys drafting or preparation.
Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any
party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is hereby expressly waived by each of the parties hereto.

Section 11.11 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, taken together with the Schedules attached hereto, and the Merger Agreement to the extent referenced herein,
constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect thereto.

Section 11.12 Interpretation.
The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 9.02 of the Merger Agreement shall apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis.

Section 11.13 Expenses.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party hereto incurring such fees or expenses.

Section 11.14 No
Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claims or causes of action that may be based upon, arise out of or
relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement, may only be made against, the Persons that are
expressly identified as parties hereto and no former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees,
agents or Affiliates of any party hereto or any former, current or future stockholder, controlling person, director, officer, employee,
general or limited partner, member, manager, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing shall have any liability for any obligations or
liabilities of the parties to this Agreement or for any claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) based on, in respect of, or by
reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby or in respect of any representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith.

9

Article
XII. Counterparts.

This Agreement may be signed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon
the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all
of the other parties hereto, it being understood and agreed that all parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. Until and unless
each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by each other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall
have any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication). Signatures to
this Agreement (which need not be on the same counterpart) transmitted by electronic mail in PDF form, or by any other electronic means
designed to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document (including DocuSign), will be deemed to have the same
effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signatures.

Article
XIII. Stockholder Obligation Several and Not Joint.

The obligations of each Stockholder
hereunder shall be several and not joint, and no Stockholder shall be liable for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by any other
Stockholder.

Article
XIV. No Ownership Interest.

Each Stockholder, solely as
to itself and not as to any other Stockholder or other Person, has agreed to enter into this Agreement and act in the manner specified
in this Agreement for consideration. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, all rights and all ownership and economic benefits
of and relating to each Stockholders Covered Shares will remain vested in and belong to such Stockholder, and nothing herein will,
or will be construed to, grant PubCo, Merger Sub or the Company any power, sole or shared, to direct or control the voting or disposition
of any of such Covered Shares. Nothing in this Agreement will be interpreted as creating or forming a group with any other
Person, including other holders listed on Schedule A, for purposes of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act or any other similar
provision of applicable Law.

Article
XV. Disclosure.

Each Stockholder hereby (a)
authorizes PubCo and the Company to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure required by the SEC or other applicable Law
and in the Proxy Statement such Stockholders identity and ownership of the Covered Shares and the nature of such Stockholders
obligations under this Agreement and (b) agrees to promptly give to PubCo and Company any information it may reasonably require for the
preparation of any such announcement or disclosure.

[Signature pages follow]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

PUBCO:

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to PubCo Voting Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

YOOV GROUP HOLDING LIMITED

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to PubCo Voting Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

STOCKHOLDER:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to PubCo Voting Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex10-2_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF YOOV VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

FORM
OF VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This
Company Voting and Support Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 7, 2025, is entered into by and
among Avalon GloboCare Corp., a Delaware corporation ( PubCo), YOOV Group Holding Limited, a British Virgin
Islands company (the Company), and the persons listed on the attached Schedule A who are signatories to this
Agreement and holders of securities of the Company (each, a Stockholder, and collectively, the Stockholders).
Terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
PubCo, the Company, and Nexus MergerSub Limited, a British Virgin Islands company and wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (Merger
Sub), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 7, 2025 (the Merger Agreement),
providing that, among other things, all outstanding Company Ordinary Shares will be exchanged for shares of PubCo Common Stock based
on the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS,
as of the date of this Agreement, each Stockholder is the record and/or beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act) of the number of shares of Company Share Capital set forth on Schedule A opposite such Stockholders
name (all of the shares of Company Share Capital owned of record or beneficially by such Stockholder as of the date of this Agreement,
the Owned Shares and, together with any additional shares of Company Ordinary Shares or other voting securities
of the Company of which such Stockholder acquires record or beneficial ownership after the date of this Agreement, including by purchase,
as a result of a stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization, combination, consolidation, reclassification, exchange or change of such
shares, or other similar transaction, or upon exercise, vesting or conversion of any securities, such Stockholders Covered
Shares);

WHEREAS,
as a condition and inducement to the willingness of the parties to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger, the Stockholders are entering into this Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
the Stockholders acknowledge that each of PubCo and the Company desire to enter into the Merger Agreement in reliance on the representations,
warranties, covenants and other agreements of the Stockholders set forth in this Agreement and would not enter into the Merger Agreement
if the Stockholders did not enter into this Agreement

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending
to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

Article
I. Certain Definitions.

All
capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. For all
purposes of and under this Agreement, the following terms have the following respective meanings:

Section
1.01 Entity means a corporation (including any non-profit corporation), partnership (including any general partnership,
limited partnership or limited liability partnership), joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any company limited by shares,
limited liability company or joint stock company), firm, society or other enterprise, association, organization or entity, and each of
its successors.

Section
1.02 family member means of any natural person means (i) such individuals spouse (former or current),
(ii) such individuals parents and grandparents (in each case, natural or adoptive, of the whole or half-blood), (iii) such individuals
children and grandchildren (in each case, natural or adoptive, of the whole or half-blood), (iv) such individuals sons-in-law
and daughters-in-law (in each case, former or current), (v) any other ascendants and descendants (natural or adoptive, of the whole or
half-blood) of such individuals parents or of the parents of such individuals spouse (former or current) and (vi) any lineal
descendants (natural or adoptive, of the whole or half-blood) of such individuals spouse.

Section
1.01 Permitted Liens means (i) Liens for Taxes that (A) are not yet due and payable or (B) are being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) Liens for assessments and other governmental charges or landlords, carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, repairmens, workers and other similar common law or statutory Liens arising or
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, in each case that (A) relate to obligations that are not delinquent
or (B) the applicable Stockholder or any of such Stockholders Affiliates is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
and (iii) Liens that are or may be imposed pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
1.02 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the closing of the Merger, (ii) the occurrence of a
PubCo Adverse Recommendation Change with respect to an Intervening Event and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance
with its terms.

Section
1.03 A Person will be deemed to have effected a Transfer of a security if such Person, whether voluntarily or
involuntarily, directly or indirectly, (i) sells, pledges, encumbers, hypothecates, leases, assigns, gifts, grants an option with respect
to, transfers, exchanges, tenders or disposes (by merger, by testamentary disposition, by operation of law or otherwise) of such security
or any interest in such security, (ii) creates or permits to exist any Liens, (iii) deposits such security into a voting trust or enters
into a voting agreement or arrangement or grants any proxy, power of attorney or other authorization with respect thereto that is inconsistent
with this Agreement or (iv) enters into an agreement, option, commitment or other arrangement to take any of the actions referred to
in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii).

Article
II. Transfer Restrictions.

From
the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, Stockholder shall not Transfer (or cause or permit the Transfer of) any of such
Stockholders Covered Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Article II shall not prohibit
a Transfer of Covered Shares by a Stockholder (i) if Stockholder is an Entity, to one or more partners or members of Stockholder or an
Affiliated corporation, trust or other Entity under common control with Stockholder, or if Stockholder is a trust, a transfer to a beneficiary,
(ii) if Stockholder is a natural person, a family member of such Stockholder, (iii) to any other Stockholder a party to this Agreement,
(iv) as the Company may otherwise agree in writing in its sole discretion, (vi) to any natural person or Entity if and to the extent
required by any non-consensual legal order, by divorce decree or by will, intestacy or other similar law or for estate planning purposes;
provided that in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii), such a Transfer shall be permitted only if, as a precondition to such Transfer,
the transferee agrees in writing (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company) to be bound by all of the obligations
of such Stockholder under this Agreement with respect to such Covered Shares being Transferred. If any voluntary or involuntary Transfer
of any Covered Shares occurs, the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent transferees
of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Covered Shares subject to all of the restrictions, Liabilities and rights under this
Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding that such transferee is not a Stockholder and has not executed
a counterpart hereof or joinder hereto. Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Covered Shares in violation of this Article II
shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever.

2

Article
III. Agreement to Vote.

Section
3.01 From the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, in connection with the Company obtaining the Company Shareholder
Approval, whether by written consent or at a meeting of Company Shareholders and any other meeting of the Company Shareholders (and at
every adjournment or postponement thereof), to vote on any matter contemplated by this Agreement, however called, each Stockholder unconditionally
and irrevocably agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, all such Stockholders Covered Shares held at that time:

(a)
in favor of the Merger Agreement and the Transactions;

(b)
against any action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in the conditions of the Transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or a breach of a covenant, representation or warranty or any other material obligation or agreement
of the Company contained in the Merger Agreement;

(c)
against any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the consummation
of the Transactions and the Merger, or the fulfillment of the Companys or PubCos respective conditions to close the Merger
and Transactions; and

(d)
against any Takeover Proposal.

Section
3.02 From the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, each Stockholder shall appear, or shall cause the applicable entity
that is the record holder of any of such Stockholders Covered Shares, as applicable (in person, by proxy or by any other means
permitted by the Company Organizational Documents) at each meeting of the Company Shareholders, or adjournment or postponement thereof,
to vote on any matter contemplated by this Agreement and shall cause all such Stockholders Covered Shares to be counted as present
thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum and shall vote all such Stockholders Covered Shares in accordance with this Article
III.

Section
3.03 Nothing in this Agreement, including this Article III, limits or restricts any Stockholder, or any Affiliate or designee
of any Stockholder who serves as a member of the Company Board in acting or voting in his or her capacity as a director of the Company
and exercising his or her fiduciary duties and responsibilities, it being understood that this Agreement applies to each Stockholder
solely in such Stockholders capacity as a Company Shareholder and does not apply to such Stockholders or any such Affiliates
or designees actions, judgments or decisions as a director of the Company, and such actions (or failures to act) shall not be
deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement.

3

Article
IV. No Inconsistent Agreements.

Each
Stockholder hereby represents, covenants and agrees that, except as contemplated by this Agreement, such Stockholder (a) has not entered
into, and shall not enter into at any time prior to the Termination Date, any voting agreement or voting trust with respect to any of
such Stockholders Covered Shares and (b) has not granted, and shall not grant at any time prior to the Termination Date of this
Agreement, a proxy or power of attorney with respect to any of such Stockholders Covered Shares, in either case, that is inconsistent
with such Stockholders obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

Article
V. Representations and Warranties of each Stockholder.

Each
Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company, solely as to itself and not as to any other Stockholder
or other Person, as follows:

Section
5.01 Power; Organization; Binding Agreement. If such Stockholder is an Entity: (i) Stockholder is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, organized or constituted, (ii) Stockholder
has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform Stockholders obligations hereunder and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, performance of Stockholders
obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Stockholder have been duly authorized by all necessary
action on the part of Stockholder and no other proceedings on the part of Stockholder are necessary to authorize this Agreement, or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. If such Stockholder is an individual, Stockholder has the capacity to execute and deliver
this Agreement, to perform such Stockholders obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Stockholder, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by PubCo
and the Company, this Agreement is enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance with its terms.

Section
5.02 No Conflicts. None of the execution and delivery by such Stockholder of this Agreement, the performance by such Stockholder
of such Stockholders obligations hereunder or the consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby will
(i) require any consent or approval under, or result in a violation or breach of, any agreement to which such Stockholder is a party
or by which such Stockholder may be bound, including any voting agreement or voting trust, (ii) result in the creation of any Lien on
any of the assets or properties of such Stockholder, (iii) violate any applicable Law or Judgment or (iv) with respect to a Stockholder
that is not a natural person, violate the organizational documents of such Stockholder, in each case, except for such consents, approvals,
breaches, Liens or violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay such Stockholder from performing
such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

Section
5.03 Ownership of Covered Shares. Such Stockholder is the beneficial owner of such Stockholders Covered Shares. All such Stockholders Covered Shares are owned
free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens, and no Person has a right to acquire any of such Covered Shares, in each case
other than pursuant to this Agreement, the Merger Agreement, under applicable federal or state securities laws or pursuant to any written
policies of the Company only with respect to restrictions upon the trading of securities under applicable securities laws. As of the date
of this Agreement, except as set forth on Schedule A, other than such Stockholders Owned Shares, such Stockholder does not own
beneficially or of record any (i) shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company, (ii) securities of the Company convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company or (iii) options or other rights to acquire from
the Company any capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities
of the Company.

Section
5.04 Voting Power. Such Stockholder has the requisite voting power, power of disposition, power to issue instructions with
respect to the matters set forth herein and power to agree to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement necessary to take all actions
required under this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the securities subject to this Agreement owned by such Stockholder,
with no limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable federal securities laws and those arising under
the terms of this Agreement.

4

Section
5.05 Reliance by the Company, PubCo and Merger Sub. Such Stockholder understands and acknowledges that each of the Company,
PubCo and Merger Sub is entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon such Stockholders execution and delivery of this Agreement.

Section
5.06 Consents and Approvals. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Stockholder does not, and the performance
by such Stockholder of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will not, require such Stockholder to obtain any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or to make any filing with or
notification to, any Governmental Authority, except in each case for filings with the SEC or where the failure to obtain such consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings and notifications, would not, either individually or in the aggregate,
prevent or materially delay the performance by such Stockholder of any of such Stockholders obligations hereunder.

Section
5.07 Litigation. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no Legal Action pending or, to the knowledge of such Stockholder,
threatened against such Stockholder that would reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the performance by such Stockholder of his,
her or its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.

Section
5.08 Brokers. No investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary is entitled to a fee or commission from PubCo or
the Company in respect of this Agreement based upon any contract made by or on behalf of Stockholder

Article
VI. Additional Covered Shares.

For
the avoidance of doubt, prior to the Termination Date, in the event that a Stockholder acquires record or beneficial ownership of, or
the power to vote or direct the voting of, any additional shares of Company Share Capital or other voting interests with respect to the
Company, such shares of Company Share Capital, or other voting interests will, without further action of the parties, be deemed Covered
Shares held by such Stockholder and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the number of shares of Company Share Capital held by
such Stockholder will be deemed amended accordingly, and such shares of Company Share Capital or voting interests will automatically
become subject to the terms of this Agreement as Covered Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall require
a Stockholder to (i) convert, exercise or exchange any options, warrants or convertible securities in order to obtain underlying shares
of Company Share Capital or (ii) vote, or execute any consent with respect to, any shares of Company Share Capital underlying such options,
warrants or convertible securities that have not yet been issued as of the applicable record date for such vote or consent.

Article
VII. irrevocable proxy

Subject
to the final sentence of this Article VII, by execution of this Agreement, such Stockholder does hereby appoint the Company and
any of its designees with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as Stockholders true and lawful attorney and irrevocable
proxy, to the fullest extent of Stockholders rights with respect to the Covered Shares, to vote and exercise all voting and related
rights, including the right to sign such Stockholders name (solely in its capacity as a stockholder) to any stockholder consent,
if Stockholder is unable to perform or otherwise does not perform his, her or its obligations under this Agreement, with respect to such
Covered Shares solely with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3.01. Such Stockholder intends this proxy to be irrevocable
and coupled with an interest hereunder until the Termination Date, hereby revokes any proxy previously granted by Stockholder with respect
to the Covered Shares and represents that none of such previously-granted proxies are irrevocable. The irrevocable proxy and power of
attorney granted herein shall survive the death or incapacity of Stockholder and the obligations of Stockholder shall be binding on Stockholders
heirs, personal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. Stockholder hereby agrees not to grant any subsequent powers of
attorney or proxies with respect to any Covered Shares with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3.01 until after the Termination
Date. Such Stockholder hereby affirms that the proxy set forth in this Article VII is given in connection with and granted in
consideration of and as an inducement to the Company, PubCo and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is
given to secure the obligations of Stockholder under Section 3.01. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
this irrevocable proxy shall automatically terminate upon the Termination Date.

5

Article
VIII. Stockholder Litigation.

Each
Stockholder agrees not to commence or participate in, and to take all actions necessary to opt out of any class in any class action with
respect to, any claim, derivative or otherwise, that may be brought against the Company or any of its successors and assigns relating
to the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby; provided that this Article VIII shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights of any Stockholder or such
Stockholders Affiliates for any breach of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement by the Company.

Article
IX. Stop Transfer Instructions.

At
all times commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the Termination Date, in furtherance of this
Agreement, each Stockholder hereby authorizes the Company or its counsel to instruct the Companys transfer agent to put in place
a stop transfer order with respect to all of the securities of the Company held of record by such Stockholder (and that this Agreement
places limits on the voting and transfer of such securities) except with respect to Transfers of any Covered Shares in accordance with
Article II.

Article
X. Termination.

This
Agreement and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder will terminate and have no further force or effect as of the Termination
Date; provided that this Article X and Article XI shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing set forth in this Article X or elsewhere in this Agreement relieves any party hereto from liability, or
otherwise limits the liability of any party hereto, for any breach of this Agreement prior to such termination hereof or such partys
fraud.

Article
XI. Miscellaneous.

Section
11.01 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement or the application of any such provision
to any person or circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction
or other Governmental Authority, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. Upon such a holding, the parties hereto agree to negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner,
in order that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

6

Section
11.02 Assignment. Except in connection with a Transfer of any Covered Shares in accordance with Article II, neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law
or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior written consent of the other parties and any purported assignment in violation hereof
shall be null and void ab initio. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to
the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

Section
11.03 Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or waived by any party only if such amendment or waiver
is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party
against whom the waiver is to be effective. Any failure of any of the parties to comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition
in this Agreement may be waived by any of the parties entitled to the benefit thereof only by a written instrument signed by each such
party granting such waiver. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies
provided by applicable Law or in equity.

Section
11.04 Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would
not be an adequate remedy, would occur and that the parties would not have any adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that,
in addition to any other remedy to which the parties are entitled at law or in equity, (i) the parties shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief, to prevent breaches or threatened or anticipated breaches of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the courts described in Section 11.08, without proof
of damages or otherwise, and (ii) the right of specific performance is an integral part of the transactions contemplated hereby
and without that right, none of the parties would have entered into this Agreement. Each of the parties agrees that it waives the defense
of adequacy of a remedy at law and will not oppose the granting of an injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable
relief on the basis that (A) the other parties have an adequate remedy at law or (B) an award of an injunction, specific Performance
or other equitable relief is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity. The parties acknowledge and agree that any party
seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this
Agreement in accordance with this Section 11.04 shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with
any such order or injunction.

Section
11.05 Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted under, or otherwise given in connection with, this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) when delivered, if delivered in person, (ii) on the next
Business Day if transmitted by national overnight courier (with confirmation of delivery) or (iii) on the date transmitted if sent by
email (provided that no bounce back or similar message of non-delivery is received with respect thereto), as follows
(or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by notice given in accordance with this Section 11.05):

If
to the Stockholders, to the address for notice set forth on Schedule A.

If
to PubCo, to:

Avalon
GloboCare Corp.

4400 Route 9 South, Suite 3100

Freehold, New Jersey 07728

Attn:
Luisa Ingargiola (email: [***])

7

With
a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Lowenstein
Sandler LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn:
Steven Skolnick, Esq. (email: [***])

If
to the Company, to:

YOOV
Internet Technology (Asia) Limited

19/F, Rykadan Capital Tower

135 Hoi Bun Road

KT, KLN, Hong Kong

Attn:
Phil Wong (email: [***])

With
a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Lucosky
Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Iselin, New Jersey 08830

Attn: Joseph M.
Lucosky, Esq. (email: [***])

Scott Linsky, Esq. (email: [***])

Ian
Liao, Esq. (email: [***])

Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section
11.05 shall only be effective if a duplicative copy of such notice is also given by email in the method described in this Section
11.05.

Section
11.06 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto
(and their respective successors and permitted assigns) any rights (legal, equitable or otherwise) or remedies, whether as third-party
beneficiaries or otherwise.

Section
11.07 Governing Law. This Agreement and all Legal Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under any applicable
conflict of laws principles.

Section
11.08 Jurisdiction. In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each
of the parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal courts
of the United States of America located in the State of Delaware and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (collectively with
any appellate courts thereof, the Courts); (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall
be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (i) of this Section 11.08; (iii) waives any objection to laying
venue in any such action or proceeding in such Courts; (iv) waives any objection that such Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not
have jurisdiction over any Party; (v) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective
if notice is given in accordance with Section 11.05 of this Agreement; and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right
to trial by jury. This Agreement, and any certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered pursuant hereto, constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.

8

Section
11.09 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
(A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT,
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVER,
(C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.09.

Section
11.10 Rules of Construction. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that such party has been represented by counsel of such
partys choice throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that such party has executed
the same with the advice of such counsel. Each party and such partys counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation
of this Agreement and the documents referred to in this Agreement, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties
shall be deemed the work product of all of the parties and may not be construed against any party by reason of such partys drafting
or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement
against any party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is hereby expressly waived by each of the parties hereto.

Section
11.11 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, taken together with the Schedules attached hereto, and the Merger Agreement to the
extent referenced herein, constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect thereto.

Section
11.12 Interpretation. The rules of interpretation set forth in Section 9.02 of the Merger Agreement shall apply to this Agreement,
mutatis mutandis.

Section
11.13 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party hereto incurring such fees or expenses.

Section
11.14 No Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claims or causes of action that may be based upon,
arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement, may only be made against, the
Persons that are expressly identified as parties hereto and no former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors,
officers, employees, agents or Affiliates of any party hereto or any former, current or future stockholder, controlling person, director,
officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing shall have any liability for
any obligations or liabilities of the parties to this Agreement or for any claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) based on, in
respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby or in respect of any representations made or alleged to be made in
connection herewith.

9

Article
XII. Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a
counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto, it being understood and agreed that all parties hereto need not sign the
same counterpart. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by each other party hereto, this Agreement shall
have no effect and no party shall have any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or
other communication). Signatures to this Agreement (which need not be on the same counterpart) transmitted by electronic mail in PDF
form, or by any other electronic means designed to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document (including DocuSign),
will be deemed to have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signatures.

Article
XIII. Stockholder Obligation Several and Not Joint.

The
obligations of each Stockholder hereunder shall be several and not joint, and no Stockholder shall be liable for any breach of the terms
of this Agreement by any other Stockholder.

Article
XIV. No Ownership Interest.

Each
Stockholder, solely as to itself and not as to any other Stockholder or other Person, has agreed to enter into this Agreement and act
in the manner specified in this Agreement for consideration. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, all rights and all ownership
and economic benefits of and relating to each Stockholders Covered Shares will remain vested in and belong to such Stockholder,
and nothing herein will, or will be construed to, grant PubCo, Merger Sub or the Company any power, sole or shared, to direct or control
the voting or disposition of any of such Covered Shares. Nothing in this Agreement will be interpreted as creating or forming a group
with any other Person, including other holders listed on Schedule A, for purposes of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act or any
other similar provision of applicable Law.

Article
XV. Disclosure.

Each
Stockholder hereby (a) authorizes PubCo and the Company to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure required by the SEC
or other applicable Law and in the Proxy Statement such Stockholders identity and ownership of the Covered Shares and the nature
of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement and (b) agrees to promptly give to PubCo and Company any information it
may reasonably require for the preparation of any such announcement or disclosure.

[Signature
pages follow]

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

PUBCO:

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature
Page to Company Voting Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

YOOV GROUP HOLDING LIMITED

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature
Page to Company Voting Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

STOCKHOLDER:

By: 

Name:

Title :

[Signature
Page to Company Voting Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex10-3_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Final Form

FORM OF Lock-Up Agreement

This LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this
Lock-Up Agreement), dated as of March 7, 2025, is entered into by and among (i) Avalon GloboCare Corp., a
Delaware corporation (PubCo), (ii) certain holders of securities of PubCo as set forth on Schedule A hereto
(collectively, the PubCo Lock-Up Equityholders), and (iii) the equityholders of YOOV Group Holding Limited, a British
Virgin Islands company (the Company), as set forth on Schedule Bhereto (collectively,
the Company Lock-Up Equityholders and together with the PubCo Lock-Up Equityholders, the Holders,
and the Holders, together with PubCo, the Parties and each individually a Party) All
terms used but not defined in this Lock-Up Agreement shall have the same meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, the Parties
are entering this Lock-Up Agreement pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement),
dated as of March 7, 2025, by and among PubCo, Nexus MergerSub Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (Merger Sub,
and together with PubCo, the PubCo Entities), and the Company, pursuant to which, and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth therein, Merger Sub will merger with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the
Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo; and

WHEREAS, as a condition
to the Closing, the Parties are entering into this Lock-Up Agreement effective as of the Closing.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and of the mutual consents and obligations hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

Article I. Restrictions
on Shares; Lock-Up.

Section 1.01 The
Parties agree that, from the Closing Date until the date that is 180 days from the date thereof (such period, the Lock-Up Period),
the Holders shall not:

(i) Transfer
(except as may be specifically required by court order or by operation of law) any share of PubCo Common Stock, or securities convertible,
exchangeable, or exercisable into (a) shares of PubCo Common Stock, or such other securities beneficially owned or held by such Holders
immediately following the Closing and (b) securities of PubCo which may be issued upon exercise of an option to purchase shares of PubCo
Common Stock or a warrant to purchase shares of PubCo Common Stock (all such securities of PubCo, the Lock-Up Securities),
where Transfer means offer, sell, contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, hypothecate, pledge
or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to), or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition,
whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise, by the Holders or any Affiliate thereof
or any person in privity with the Holders or any Affiliate thereof, directly or indirectly;

(ii) enter
into any swap, short sale, hedge or any purchase, sale or grant of any right (including, without limitation, any put or call option) with
respect to any security (other than a broad-based market basket or index) that includes, relates to or derives any significant part of
its value from the Lock-Up Securities or any other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of
ownership of any Lock-Up Securities;

(iii) grant
any proxies or powers of attorney with respect to any Lock-Up Securities, deposit any Lock-Up Securities into a voting trust, or enter
into a voting agreement or similar arrangement or commitment with respect to any Lock-Up Securities or make any public announcement that
is in any manner inconsistent with this Article I;

(iv) make
any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any shares of PubCo Common Stock or any security convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of PubCo Common Stock (other than such rights set forth in the Merger Agreement); or

(v) make
any offer or enter into any agreement or binding arrangement or commitment providing for any of the foregoing actions in clauses (i) to
(iv), or publicly disclose the intention to take any of the foregoing actions.

Section 1.02 Notwithstanding
the restrictions set forth in Section 1.01 of this Lock-Up Agreement:

(i) if
the Party is a natural person, the Party may transfer his or her Lock-Up Securities to any natural person related to the Party by blood
or adoption who is an immediate family member of the Party, or to a trust for the benefit of the Party or any member of the Partys
immediate family for estate planning purposes, or to the Partys estate, following the death of the Party, by will, intestacy, or
other operation of law, or as a bona fide gift to a charitable organization, or by operation of law pursuant to a qualified domestic order
or in connection with a divorce settlement or to any partnership, corporation or limited liability company which is controlled by the
undersigned and/or by any such member of the Partys immediate family;

(ii) if
the Party is a corporation, partnership or other business entity, the Party may transfer its Lock-Up Securities to another corporation,
partnership or other business entity that is an affiliate (as defined under Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) of the Party or as a distribution or dividend to equity holders (including,
without limitation, general or limited partners and members) of the Party (including upon the liquidation and dissolution of the undersigned
pursuant to a plan of liquidation approved by the undersigneds equity holders), or as a bona fide gift to a charitable organization;

(iii) if
the Party is a trust, the Party may transfer its Lock-Up Securities to any grantors or beneficiaries of the trust;

(iv) nothing
contained herein will be deemed to restrict the ability of the Party to exercise an option to purchase shares of PubCo Common Stock, and
any related transfer of shares of PubCo Common Stock to PubCo for the purpose of paying the exercise price of such options as a result
of the exercise of such options; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the underlying shares of PubCo Common Stock shall continue
to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement until the applicable Lock-Up Period expires and after,
if at all, all Lock-Up Securities are disposed of pursuant to Section 1.01. Additionally, the Party may (A) establish a trading
plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities; provided, that such plan
does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Securities during the Lock-Up Period, or (B) transfer its Lock-Up Securities pursuant to
a bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to all holders of PubCos capital
stock involving a change of control of PubCo, provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction
is not completed, the Lock-Up Securities shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this Lock-Up Agreement; and

2

(v) provided,
that with respect to any transfer or distribution pursuant to Section 1.02, (x) no filing by any party (donor, donee, transferor,
transferee, distributor or distributee, as the case may be) under the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be required or shall
be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or disposition during the respective Lock-Up Periods (other than (1) any exit filings
or public announcements that may be required under applicable federal and state securities laws or (2) in respect of a required filing
under the Exchange Act in connection with a transfer pursuant to Section 1.02(ii) above or the exercise of an option to purchase
shares of Company Common Stock following such individuals termination of employment that would otherwise expire during the Lock-Up
Period, provided that reasonable notice shall be provided to PubCo prior to any such filing), and (y) except with respect to Section 1.02(iv)(A)
and (B) above, it shall be a condition to the transfer or distribution that the transferee or distributee executes an agreement,
in the form of this Lock-Up Agreement, stating that the transferee or distributee is receiving and holding such Lock-Up Securities subject
to the provisions of such agreement during the respective Lock-Up Periods.

Article II. Miscellaneous.

Section 2.01 This
Lock-Up Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the earlier of (i) all Lock-Up Securities having been sold pursuant
to Section 1.01 and (ii) if the Merger Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the Effective
Time, upon the date of such termination.

Section 2.02 The
Parties hereby represent and warrant that (i) if it is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity,
it is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, (ii)
he, she or it has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement, (iii) this Lock-Up Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the Parties and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Parties, enforceable against the
Parties in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors
and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies, and (iv), upon request, he, she or it
will execute any additional documents necessary to ensure the validity or enforcement of this Lock-Up Agreement. All authority herein
conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the Parties shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal
representatives of the Parties.

Section 2.03 Any
attempted transfer in violation of this Lock-Up Agreement will be of no effect and null and void, regardless of whether the purported
transferee has any actual or constructive knowledge of the transfer restrictions set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement. Such transfer will
not be recorded on PubCos share register. To ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the Parties agrees PubCo
and its transfer agent and registrar are hereby authorized to decline to make any such transfer if it would constitute a violation or
breach of this Lock-Up Agreement.

Section 2.04 Any
person having rights under any provision of this Lock-Up Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically, to recover damages
caused by reason of any breach of any provision of this Lock-Up Agreement and to exercise all other rights existing in their favor. The
Parties agree and acknowledge that money damages would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Lock-Up Agreement
and that any Party may in its sole discretion apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for, and obtain from any such
court, specific performance and/or injunctive relief (without posting any bond or other security) in order to enforce or prevent violation
of the provisions of this Lock-Up Agreement and shall not be required to prove irreparable injury to such Party or that such Party does
not have an adequate remedy at law with respect to any breach of this Lock-Up Agreement (each of which elements the Parties admit). The
Parties further agree and acknowledge that each and every obligation applicable to it contained in this Lock-Up Agreement shall be specifically
enforceable against it and hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of their respective
obligations hereunder. All rights and remedies existing under this Lock-Up Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights
or remedies available under this Lock-Up Agreement or otherwise.

3

Section 2.05 Except
as provided in Section 1.02, neither this Lock-Up Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall
be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party,
provided that PubCo may assign its rights and interests to any of its Affiliates (as defined in the Merger Agreement). Subject
to the preceding sentence, this Lock-Up Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any purported assignment not permitted under this Section 2.05 shall be
null and void.

Section 2.06 If
any term or other provision of this Lock-Up Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable
of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this Lock-Up Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,
the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Lock-Up Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely
as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby
are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 2.07 Each
of the Parties agrees and acknowledges that this Lock-Up Agreement has been negotiated in good faith, at arms length, and not by
any means prohibited by law.

Section 2.08 This
Lock-Up Agreement may be executed in counterparts (each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement).

Section 2.09 Each
of the Parties specifically acknowledges that he, she or it (i) is a knowledgeable, informed, sophisticated Person capable of understanding
and evaluating the provisions set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement, (ii) has had the opportunity to review this Lock-Up Agreement with
counsel of his, her or its own choosing, (iii) has carefully read and fully understands all of the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement, and
(iv) is under no disability or impairment that affects its, his or her decision to sign this Lock-Up Agreement and he, she or it knowingly
and voluntarily intends to be legally bound by this Lock-Up Agreement.

Section 2.10 All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered and received hereunder
(i) one Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier service,
(ii) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand, or (iii) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by email or facsimile
(with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day,
in each case to the intended recipient notice address as set forth in Section 9.07 of the Merger Agreement.

Section 2.11 The
Holders agree and consent to the entry of stop transfer instructions with PubCos transfer agent and registrar against the transfer
of shares of Company Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock held
by the Holder except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

4

Section 2.12 This
Lock-Up Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding between any of the Parties arising
out of or relating to this Lock-Up Agreement, each of the Parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the federal courts located in the State of Delaware and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (collectively
with any appellate courts thereof, the Courts); (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding
shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (i) of this Section 2.12; (iii) waives any objection to
laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such Courts; (iv) waives any objection that such Courts are an inconvenient forum or
do not have jurisdiction over any Party; (v) agrees that service of process upon such Party in any such action or proceeding shall be
effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 2.10 of this Lock-Up Agreement; and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally
waives the right to trial by jury. This Lock-Up Agreement, and any certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered
pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way
to the subject matter hereof.

Section 2.13 Nothing
herein shall grant to or create in any Person not a Party, or any such Persons dependents, heirs, successors or assigns any right
to any benefits hereunder or any remedies hereunder, and no such Person shall be entitled to sue any Party with respect thereto;

Section 2.14 Any
amendment, supplement or waiver of this Lock-Up Agreement shall be effective only if in a written instrument executed by each of the Parties.
If any such amendment, supplement or waiver is to be entered into after the Effective Time, it shall have been approved in advance by
a majority of the board of directors of PubCo.

Section 2.15 This
Lock-Up Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and
the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by PubCothe Company and the Holder via
facsimile or electronic transmission in .pdf format shall be sufficient to bind such Parties to the terms and conditions of this Lock-Up
Agreement.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have caused this Lock-Up Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title:

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have caused this Lock-Up Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

HOLDER

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023369601ex99-1_avalon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 10, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Avalon GloboCare and YOOV, a Leading Business
AI Automation Solutions Provider, Enter into Merger Agreement

YOOV Achieves 59.1% Annual Revenue Growth,
Reporting Unaudited Revenue of $45.7 Million with Net Income of $3.4 Million for Calendar Year 2024, Versus Unaudited Revenue of $28.7
Million with Net Loss of $2.4 Million for Calendar Year 2023

Upon Consummation of the Merger, Pending
Nasdaq Approval, the New Combined Company is Expected to Trade Under the Nasdaq Symbol YOOV

FREEHOLD, N.J.,
March 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Avalon GloboCare Corp. (Avalon or the Company) (NASDAQ:
ALBT), a commercial-stage company dedicated to developing and delivering precision diagnostic consumer products , announced
today that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with YOOV Group Holding Limited (YOOV), a leading provider of business
artificial intelligence (AI) automation solutions. Under the agreement, YOOV will merge with and into Avalon (the
Proposed Merger). The combined company is expected to operate under the name YOOV, Inc. and expected to continue
trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol YOOV. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter
of 2025. The completion of the Proposed Merger is subject to several conditions, including the approval of the stockholders of
Avalon.

YOOVs highly advanced
AIaaS (Artificial Intelligence as a Service) platform is transforming enterprise workflow management, communication, and operational efficiency.
The companys proprietary AIaaS platform makes AI accessible and empowers businesses of all sizes to streamline processes, optimize
resources, and improve productivity through intelligent automation. With a strong emphasis on scalability and flexibility, YOOV enables
businesses to adapt their platforms to their specific needs, thereby maximizing the impact of automation across various sectors.

Driven by increasing demand for AI-powered business automation, YOOV had unaudited revenue of $45.7 million and net income of $3.4 million
for the calendar year ended December 31, 2024, compared to unaudited revenue of $28.7 million and a net loss of $2.4 million for the calendar
year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, YOOV had unaudited revenue of $29.6 million and net income of $1.3 million for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2024 compared to unaudited revenue of $21.5 million and a net loss of ($527,403), for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023..

Dr. David Jin, M.D.,
Ph.D., CEO of Avalon GloboCare, stated, We believe this transaction is in the best interest of our shareholders, providing a unique
opportunity to unlock value and participate in the future of AI-driven automation. We believe that YOOVs advanced AI technology,
strong market presence, and rapid growth trajectory represent a compelling market opportunity. We believe this merger has the potential
to drive innovation, scalability, and long-term shareholder value.

Phil Wong, Co-Founder
and CEO of YOOV, commented, We believe this merger will provide us with a foundation to accelerate our growth, extend our impact
across industries, and strengthen our ability to drive innovation. We look forward to leveraging this opportunity to create lasting value
for our respective businesses and shareholders.

About the Proposed Transaction,
Management & Organization

Under the terms of the
merger agreement, subject to stockholder approval, on a pro forma basis, post-merger Avalon equityholders are expected to collectively
own between approximately 2.5% to 2.2% and YOOV equityholders are expected to collectively own between approximately 97.5%, or 97.8% of
the common stock of the combined company on a pro forma basis, depending on the market price of Avalons common stock at the time
of the completion of the merger.

The merger agreement
has been approved by the boards of directors of both companies and is subject to stockholder approval of both companies and other customary
closing conditions. The proposed merger is expected to close in the third quarter of 2025.

Following the merger,
Phil Wong will become Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President. The merger agreement provides that the board of directors of the
combined company will be composed of seven members, with five members initially designated by YOOV and two members initially designated
by Avalon.

Roth Capital Partners
acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Avalon in connection with the merger.

For further information
regarding the terms and conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, please see Avalons current report on Form 8-K, which was
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Proposed Merger.

The financial information
contained in this press release is unaudited and is based on preliminary internal data of YOOV. In addition, the information for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2024, is subject to completion of YOOVs audit. This financial information is subject
to change and may differ from the final audited financial statements. Avalon and YOOV do not undertake any obligation to update this information,
except as required by applicable law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this unaudited financial information, as it
may not provide a complete or accurate picture of YOOVs financial condition or results of operations.

2

About YOOV Group Holding

YOOV is an Artificial
Intelligence (AI) as a Service (AIaaS) platform specializing in intelligent business automation, integrating AI, process and data into
one platform to make business operations easy, efficient, and effortless. YOOV empowers businesses of all sizes to use AI without the
need for extensive resources or technical expertise. By seamlessly integrating robotic process automation (RPA) with advanced AI capabilities,
YOOV delivers versatile solutions tailored to meet the diverse needs of various industries. Over the years, YOOV has been growing rapidly
with a strong global presence.

Beyond its core AI automation
solutions, YOOV extends its offerings into financial and insurance services through its subsidiaries, YOOV Capital Limited and YOOV Insurance
Services Limited. These subsidiaries leverage YOOVs commercial data insights to provide credit evaluation and insurance brokerage
services, further enhancing the YOOV ecosystem and delivering added value to clients.

For more information
about YOOV, please visit www.yoov.com.

About Avalon GloboCare
Corp.

Avalon GloboCare Corp. (NASDAQ: ALBT) is a commercial-stage company dedicated to developing and delivering precision diagnostic consumer
products. Avalon is currently marketing the Keto Air breathalyzer device and plans to develop additional diagnostic uses of the breathalyzer
technology. In addition, the company owns and operates commercial real estate. For more information about Avalon GloboCare, please visit
www.avalon-globocare.com.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

3

Additional Information About the Proposed Merger
for Investors and Shareholders

In connection with the Proposed Merger, Avalon
will file a Registration Statement on Form S-4, which will include a document that serves as a prospectus and proxy statement of Avalon
(the proxy statement/prospectus), and Avalon will file other documents regarding the Proposed Merger with the SEC. No offering
of securities shall be made, except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. INVESTORS AND
SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR
ENTIRETY, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING
ANY DECISION REGARDING THE PROPOSED MERGER. A definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to Avalons stockholders. Investors
and security holders will be able to obtain these documents (when available) free of charge from the SECs website at www.sec.gov.
In addition, investors and stockholders should note that Avalon communicates with investors and the public using its website (https://www.avalon-globocare.com),
the investor relations website (https://www.avalon-globocare.com/investors) where anyone will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy
statement/prospectus and other documents filed by Avalon with the SEC, and stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus
and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the Proposed
Merger.

Participants in the Solicitation

Avalon, YOOV and their respective directors and
executive officers and other members of management and employees and certain of their respective significant stockholders may be deemed
to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Avalon and YOOV stockholders in respect of the Proposed Merger. Information about
Avalons directors and executive officers is available in Avalons
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2024. Information regarding the persons
who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests,
by security holding or otherwise, will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the
SEC regarding the Proposed Merger when they become available. Investors should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes
available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the SEC and Avalon as indicated
above.

4

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are identified by terminology such as believe, may, will,
estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, should,
would, project, plan, expect, goal, seek, future,
likely or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions. These statements are only predictions. Avalon and
YOOV have based these forward-looking statements largely on their then-current expectations and projections about future events, as well
as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which
involve factors or circumstances that are beyond each of Avalons and YOOVs control, and actual results could differ materially
from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including but not limited to: (i) the risk that
the conditions to the closing or consummation of the Proposed Merger are not satisfied, including the failure to obtain stockholder approval
for the Proposed Merger; (ii) uncertainties as to the timing of the consummation of the Proposed Merger and the ability of each of Avalon
and YOOV to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Proposed Merger; (iii) (iii) risks related to Avalons and YOOVs
ability to correctly estimate their respective operating expenses and expenses associated with the Proposed Merger, as applicable, as
well as uncertainties regarding the impact any delay in the closing would have on the anticipated cash resources of the resulting combined
company upon closing and other events and unanticipated spending and costs that could reduce the combined companys cash resources;
(iv) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the Proposed Merger
by either Avalon or YOOV; (v) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Proposed Merger on Avalons or YOOVs business
relationships, operating results and business generally; (vi) costs related to the Proposed Merger; (vii) the outcome of any legal proceedings
that may be instituted against Avalon, YOOV, or any of their respective directors or officers related to the Merger Agreement or the transactions
contemplated thereby; (vii) the ability of Avalon or YOOV to protect their respective intellectual property rights; (viii) competitive
responses to the Proposed Merger; (ix) unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the Proposed Merger; (x) whether the combined
business of YOOV and Avalon will be successful; (xi) legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments; and (xii) additional
risks described in the Risk Factors section of Avalons Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2023. filed with the SEC and in subsequent filings with the SEC. Additional assumptions, risks and uncertainties are described in
detail in Avalons registration statements, reports and other filings with the SEC, which are available on Avalons website,
and at www.sec.gov. Accordingly, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Neither Avalon nor
YOOV can assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this communication
relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, Avalon and
YOOV undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement
is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Investors should not assume that any lack of update to a previously issued
forward-looking statement constitutes a reaffirmation of that statement.

Contact Information: 

Avalon GloboCare Corp.

4400 Route 9, Suite 3100

Freehold, NJ 07728

PR@Avalon-GloboCare.com

Investor Relations:

Crescendo Communications, LLC

Tel: (212) 671-1020 Ext. 304

albt@crescendo-ir.com

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>albt-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>albt-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>albt-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38728

Entity Registrant Name AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001630212

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-1685128

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4400 Route 9 South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 3100

Entity Address, City or Town Freehold

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07728

City Area Code 732

Local Phone Number 780-4400

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ALBT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://avalon-globocare.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

albt-20250307.xsd 
albt-20250307_lab.xml 
albt-20250307_pre.xml 
ea0233696-8k_avalon.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-021943-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ea0233696-8k_avalon_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001630212 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001630212 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
AVALON GLOBOCARE CORP. 
DE 
001-38728 
47-1685128 
4400 Route 9 South 
Suite 3100 
Freehold 
NJ 
07728 
732 
780-4400 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ALBT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>