<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-002723.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-002723.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204161817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-002723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000922247
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				593029743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39780
		FILM NUMBER:		25588477

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6714 NW 16TH STREET, SUITE B
		CITY:			GAINESVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32653
		BUSINESS PHONE:		386-418-8060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1180
		CITY:			ALACHUA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32616-1180

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CTD HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000913

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYCLODEXTRIN TECHNOLOGIES DEVELOPMENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941012
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ctdh20250204_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?ctdh20250204_8k.htm

false000092224700009222472025-02-042025-02-040000922247ctdh:CommonStockParValue0001PerShareCustomMember2025-02-042025-02-040000922247ctdh:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockCustomMember2025-02-042025-02-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 4, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 

001-39780 

59-3029743

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

6714 NW 16th Street, Suite B

Gainesville, Florida 

32653

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(386) 418-8060

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share 

CYTH 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants to purchase Common Stock 

CYTHW 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger

On August 21, 2024, Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company; Rafael Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Rafael); Tandem Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Rafael (First Merger Sub); and Tandem Therapeutics, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Rafael (Second Merger Sub), pursuant to which: (i) First Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving entity (the First Merger), and (ii) immediately following the First Merger, the Company will merge with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub being the surviving entity of the subsequent merger (the Second Merger and together with the First Merger, the Merger). The Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of several conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and the approval of the Companys and Rafaels respective stockholders. Rafael is the holder of approximately 39.5% of the Companys outstanding common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock).

In connection with the Merger, Rafael filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on October 9, 2024, as amended on November 22, 2024, December 20, 2024 and January 10, 2025 (File Number 333-282558) (the Form S-4). The Merger Agreement provides that it may terminate or be terminated in certain circumstances, including in the event that the SEC has not declared the Form S-4 effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) by February 15, 2025 (the Merger Agreement End Date). Accordingly, on February 4, 2025, the Company and Rafael entered into an Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement), pursuant to which the Merger Agreement End Date was extended from February 15, 2025 to March 31, 2025.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of (i) the Merger Agreement, which the Company filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024, and (ii) the Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 18, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, which the Company filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2024. The foregoing description of the Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual terms thereof contained in the Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement, which is being filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and such terms are incorporated herein by reference.

Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement

On February 4, 2025, the Company entered into an Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Rafael pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $2,000,000.00 (the Note) to Rafael. The Agreement amends and restates the Seventh Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the January Agreement), dated January 3, 2025, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000.00 (the January Note) to Rafael. The January Agreement amended and restated the Sixth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the December Agreement), dated December 5, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $1,000,000.00 (the December Note) to Rafael. The December Agreement amended and restated the Fifth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the November Agreement), dated November 7, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $2,000,000.00 (the November Note) to Rafael. The November Agreement had amended and restated the Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the October Agreement), dated October 8, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000.00 (the October Note) to Rafael. The October Agreement had amended and restated the Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the September Agreement), dated September 9, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000.00 (the September Note) to Rafael. The September Agreement had amended and restated the Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the August Agreement), dated August 21, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000.00 (the August Note) to Rafael. The August Agreement had amended and restated the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the July Agreement), dated July 16, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $2,000,000.00 (the July Note) to Rafael. The July Agreement had amended and restated the Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Rafael, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold an initial convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $2,000,000.00 (the June Note, and together with the July Note, the August Note, the September Note, the October Note, the November Note, the December Note and the January Note, the Prior Notes) to Rafael. The Note matures on March 31, 2025 and bears interest at a rate of 5% per annum, payable upon maturity. The Note may be prepaid by the Company in full at any time. The principal amount of the Note is convertible into shares of the Common Stock, prior to the repayment of the Note, at the option of Rafael; automatically if the Company enters into a Qualified Financing (as defined) and at the option of Rafael if a Sale Transaction (as defined) occurs prior to repayment of the Note (provided, however, that if the Sale Transaction occurs pursuant to the Merger Agreement (as defined below), the outstanding principal balance of the Note, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be discharged in full and the Company will not be required to make any further payments to Rafael pursuant to the terms thereof), all at the price and on the terms and conditions set forth in the Note. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined) under the Note, including the failure of the Company to pay the principal or interest under the Note or any of the Prior Notes, when due, the obligations of the Company under the Note and each of the Prior Notes may be accelerated. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the Note for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The descriptions of the Agreement and the Note are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual terms thereof contained in the Agreement and the Note, which are being filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and such terms are incorporated herein by reference.

Amendment to Prior Notes

Rafael is the holder of the Prior Notes, each of which has a maturity date of February 15, 2025.

On February 4, 2025, the Company entered into an Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Notes (the Amendment No. 2 to Notes) with Rafael, pursuant to which each of the Prior Notes was amended to extend the maturity date thereunder from February 15, 2025 to March 31, 2025.

The foregoing description of the Amendment No. 2 to Notes is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual terms thereof contained in the Amendment No. 2 to Notes, which is being filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and such terms are incorporated herein by reference.

Item2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained under the headings Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Amendment to Prior Notes in Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

No. 

Description

2.1+ 

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 4, 2025 by and among Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc. and Rafael Holdings, Inc.

10.1+ 

Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of February 4, 2025 by and among Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc. and Rafael Holdings, Inc.

10.2+ 

Convertible Promissory Note dated February 4, 2025 payable to Rafael Holdings, Inc.

10.3+ 

Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Notes dated as of February 4, 2025 by and among Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc. and Rafael Holdings, Inc.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

+Filed herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: February 4, 2025 

By: 

/s/ N. Scott Fine

N. Scott Fine, Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_774480.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
ex_774480.htm

Exhibit 2.1

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this Amendment), dated as of February 4, 2025, is entered into by and among, RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (Parent), TANDEM THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (First Merger Sub), TANDEM THERAPEUTICS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (Second Merger Sub), and CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Parent, First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub and the Company are parties to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2024, and an Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2024 (as so amended, the Merger Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Merger Agreement provides that it may terminate or be terminated in certain circumstances including by either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have been consummated by the End Date; and

WHEREAS, the parties have agreed to extend the End Date of the Merger Agreement from February 15, 2025 to March 31, 2025 as set forth below.

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment have the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual premises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENTS

1.Amendment. The Merger Agreement shall be amended to revise the definition of End Date therein to read as follows: End Date shall mean March 31, 2025.

2.Continuing Effectiveness of the Merger Agreement. Except to the extent amended hereby, the Merger Agreement and all terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall continue in full force and effect in all respects.

3.Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

4.Miscellaneous. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 

Name: N. Scott Fine 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PARENT: RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: William Conkling 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

FIRST MERGER SUB: TANDEM THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 

Name: David Polinsky 

Title: President 

SECOND MERGER SUB: TANDEM THERAPEUTICS, LLC 

By: 

Name: David Polinsky 

Title: Authorized Person 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_774481.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_774481.htm

Exhibit 10.1

EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 4, 2025 (the Amendment Effective Date), is entered into by and among CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investor entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2024 (the Original Agreement), an Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2024 (the First Restated Agreement), a Second Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024 (the Second Restated Agreement), a Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2024 (the Third Restated Agreement), a Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2024 (the Fourth Restated Agreement), a Fifth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2024 (the Fifth Restated Agreement), a Sixth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the Sixth Restated Agreement), and a Seventh Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025 (the Seventh Restated Agreement), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold, and the Investor purchased, a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000.00), dated June 11, 2024 (the Original Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Original Agreement, a second Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000.00), dated July 16, 2024 (the Second Note), subject to the conditions specified in the First Restated Agreement, a third Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($3,000,000.00), dated August 21, 2024 (the Third Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Second Restated Agreement, a fourth Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($3,000,000.00), dated September 9, 2024 (the Fourth Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Third Restated Agreement, a fifth Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($3,000,000.00), dated October 8, 2024 (the Fifth Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Fourth Restated Agreement, a sixth Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000.00), dated November 7, 2024 (the Sixth Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Fifth Restated Agreement, a seventh Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00), dated December 5, 2024 (the Seventh Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Sixth Restated Agreement, and an eighth Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($3,000,000.00), dated January 3, 2025 (the Eighth Note), subject to the conditions specified in the Seventh Restated Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to issue and sell, and the Investor has agreed to purchase, an additional Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000.00), substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (the New Note and together with the Original Note, the Second Note, the Third Note, the Fourth Note, the Fifth Note the Sixth Note, the Seventh Note and the Eighth Note, the Notes), subject to the conditions specified herein; and

WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend and restate the Seventh Restated Agreement to provide for the issuance and sale of the New Note.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, warranties, covenants and conditions set forth below, the Company and the Investor, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.Authorization of Notes. The Company has authorized (a) the sale and issuance to the Investor of the Notes and (b) the issuance of shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), to be issued upon conversion of the Notes (the Conversion Shares).

2.Closing of Sale of Notes. 

(a) Closing. The closing of the sale and purchase of the Original Notetook place on June 11, 2024 (the Initial Closing and the date thereof, the Initial Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Second Note took place on July 16, 2024 (the Second Closing and the date thereof, the Second Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Third Note took place on August 21, 2024 (the Third Closing and the date thereof, the Third Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Fourth Note took place on September 9, 2024 (the Fourth Closing and the date thereof, the Fourth Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Fifth Note took place on October 8, 2024 (the Fifth Closing and the date thereof, the Fifth Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Sixth Note took place on November 7, 2024 (the Sixth Closing and the date thereof, the Sixth Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Seventh Note took place on December 5, 2024 (the Seventh Closing and the date thereof, the Seventh Closing Date), while the closing of the sale and purchase of the Eighth Note took place on January 3, 2025 (the Eighth Closing and the date thereof, the Eighth Closing Date) and the closing of the sale and purchase of the New Note (the New Note Closing and the Initial Closing, the Second Closing, the Third Closing, the Fourth Closing, the Fifth Closing, the Sixth Closing, the Seventh Closing, the Eighth Closing and the New Note Closing, each a Closing) shall be held on the Amendment Effective Date, or at such other time as the Company and the Investor may mutually agree (such date is hereinafter referred to as the New Note Closing Date and the Initial Note Closing Date, the Second Closing Date, the Third Closing Date, the Fourth Closing Date, the Fifth Closing Date, the Sixth Closing Date, the Seventh Closing Date, the Eighth Closing Date and the New Note Closing Date, each a Closing Date).

(b) Delivery of Notes.

(i) on the Initial Closing Date, the Company issued the Initial Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company a loan of $2,000,000.00 which is evidenced by the Initial Note, on the Second Closing Date, the Company issued the Second Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $2,000,000.00 which is evidenced by the Second Note, on the Third Closing Date, the Company issued the Third Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $3,000,000 which is evidenced by the Third Note, on the Fourth Closing Date, the Company issued the Fourth Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $3,000,000 which is evidenced by the Fourth Note, on the Fifth Closing Date, the Company issued the Fifth Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $3,000,000 which is evidenced by the Fifth Note, on the Sixth Closing Date, the Company issued the Sixth Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $2,000,000 which is evidenced by the Sixth Note, on the Seventh Closing Date, the Company issued the Seventh Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $1,000,000 which is evidenced by the Seventh Note, and on the Eighth Closing Date, the Company issued the Eighth Note to the Investor, and the Investor advanced the Company an additional loan of $3,000,000 which is evidenced by the Eighth Note.

(ii) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the New Note Closing, the Company shall issue the New Note to the Investor, and the Investor shall advance the Company an additional loan in the principal amount of $2,000,000.00 which shall be evidenced by the New Note.

3.Representations; Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Investor as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company and each Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation. The Company has the requisite corporate power to own and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified and is authorized to do business as a foreign entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which it does business, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, assets or liabilities of the Company. As used in this Agreement, the term Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person, a corporation or other entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.

(b) Corporate Power. The Company has all requisite corporate power to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Original Agreement, the First Restated Agreement, the Second Restated Agreement, the Third Restated Agreement, the Fourth Restated Agreement, the Fifth Restated Agreement, the Sixth Restated Agreement, the Seventh Restated Agreement and each of the Notes (collectively the Note Documents) and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Note Documents.

(c) Authorization. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors and its stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Notes by the Company and the performance of the Companys issuance of the Notes and the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes, has been taken. The Note Documents, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity and, with respect to rights to indemnity, subject to federal and state securities laws.

(d) Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Note Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not (i) contravene or conflict with the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company; (ii) assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investor in Section 4 hereof, constitute a violation in any respect of any provision of any federal, state, local or foreign law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company; or (iii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) or require any consent under, give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration of, or to a loss of any material benefit to which the Company is entitled under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, claim or encumbrance on any assets of the Company or under, any contract to which the Company is a party or any permit, license or similar right relating to the Company or by which the Company may be bound or affected.

(e) Governmental Consents. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any federal, state or local governmental authority is required for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(f) SEC Filings. Since January 1, 2024, the Company has filed in a timely manner (giving effect, where applicable, to any deferral periods provided under Rule 12b-25 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company has filed on the SECs EDGAR system, prior to the date hereof, its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 together with an amendment thereto (as so amended, the Form 10-K), its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2024 (the Q1 Form 10-Q), June 30, 2024 (the Q2 Form 10-Q) and September 30, 2024 (the Q3 Form 10-Q), and any Current Reports on Form 8-K (Forms 8-K) required to be filed by the Company with the SEC for events occurring since January 1, 2024 (the Form 10-K, Q1 Form 10-Q, Q2 Form 10-Q, Q3 Form 10-Q and Forms 8-K, together with all exhibits, schedules and other attachments that are filed with such documents, are collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents). Each SEC Document, as of its date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to a Closing Date, then on the date of such filing), did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each SEC Document, as it may have been subsequently amended by filings made by the Company with the SEC prior to the date hereof, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC Document. As of their respective dates, any financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied in the United States (GAAP), during the periods involved (except in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), correspond to the books and records of the Company and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. The Company is not required to file and will not be required to file any agreement, note, lease, mortgage, deed or other instrument entered into prior to the date of this Agreement and to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound which has not been previously filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the SEC Documents. The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company have signed, and the Company has furnished to the SEC, all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as of the date hereof. Such certifications contain no exceptions to the matters certified therein and have not been modified or withdrawn; and neither the Company nor any of its officers has received notice from any Governmental Entity questioning or challenging the accuracy of such certifications. The Company is otherwise in compliance with all applicable effective provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations issued thereunder by the SEC.

(g) Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 28,614,384 of which are issued and outstanding, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share, none of which are outstanding or have been designated. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have not been issued in violation of and are not otherwise subject to preemptive or other similar rights. Except as set forth in its SEC Documents, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, convertible or exchangeable securities or other rights granted to or by the Company to purchase shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company and there are no commitments, plans or arrangements to issue any shares of Common Stock or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company which contain any redemption or similar provisions; there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Conversion Shares; and none of the Companys capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there are no stockholder agreements, voting agreements, or other similar arrangements, with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the Companys knowledge, between or among any of the Companys stockholders. The Company has reserved sufficient shares of its Common Stock for issuance upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with its terms.

(h) Issuance of Conversion Shares. The issuance of the Conversion Shares has been duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the Notes, the Conversion Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights.

(i) Litigation. Except as set forth in its SEC Documents, no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against the Company at law or in equity in any court or before any other governmental authority. There is no action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened that seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter, challenge or delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(j) Intellectual Property. The Company has, or has rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Documents and which the failure to so have could have a material adverse effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). The Company has not received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect. The Company has not received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Documents, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a material adverse effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of its intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect.

(k) Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investor contained in Section 4 hereof, the offer, issue, and sale of the Notes are and will be exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), and have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification) under the registration, permit, or qualification requirements of all applicable state securities law.

(l) Compliance with Laws and Charter Documents; Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation or default of any provisions of its articles of incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational document, as applicable. The Company and its Subsidiaries have materially complied and are currently in material compliance with all applicable judgments, decrees, statutes, laws, rules, regulations and orders of the United States of America and all states thereof, foreign countries and other governmental bodies and agencies having jurisdiction over the Companys and its Subsidiaries business or properties, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that it is in material violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any governmental authority applicable to it. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and there exists no condition which, with or without the passage of time or giving of notice or both, would constitute a default) in any material respect in the performance of any bond, debenture, note or any other evidence of indebtedness in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them are bound or by which the properties of any of them are bound. The Company and its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their business as described in the SEC Documents, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect, and the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit.

(m) Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed or have obtained currently effective extensions with respect to all federal, state, county, local and foreign tax returns which are required to be filed by them, such returns are complete and accurate in all material respects and all taxes shown thereon to be due have been timely paid with exceptions not material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. No material controversy with respect to taxes of any type with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. The Company and its Subsidiaries have withheld or collected from each payment made to their employees the amount of all taxes required to be withheld or collected therefrom and have paid all such amounts to the appropriate taxing authorities when due (including, but not limited to, federal income taxes, Federal Insurance Contribution Act taxes and Federal Unemployment Tax Act taxes). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material tax liability relating to income, properties or assets as of either Closing that is not adequately provided for.

(n) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, since December 31, 2023, the business and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been conducted in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, and there has not been:

(i) Any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution of the assets of the Company with respect to any shares of capital stock of the Company;

(ii) any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Company of any outstanding shares of the Companys capital stock;

(iii) any damage, destruction or loss to the Companys or its Subsidiaries properties or assets, whether or not covered by insurance, except for such occurrences, individually and collectively, that have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect;

(iv) any waiver by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of a valuable right or of a material debt owed to it, except for such waivers, individually and collectively, that have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect;

(v) any material change by the Company in its accounting principles, methods or practices or in the manner in which it keeps its accounting books and records, except any such change required by a change in GAAP or by the SEC;

(vi) any material change or amendment to, or any waiver of any material right under a material contract or arrangement by which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their assets or properties is bound or subject that could be expected to have a material adverse effect;

(vii) any other event or condition of any character, except for such events and conditions that have not resulted, and are not reasonably expected to result either individually or collectively, in a material adverse effect;

(viii) any sale of any assets, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $50,000 outside of the ordinary course of business, other than the sale of inventory; or

(ix) any capital expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $50,000 outside of the ordinary course of business.

(x) Brokers, Finders or Similar Fees. There are no brokerage commissions, finders fees or similar fees or commissions payable by the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions based on any agreement, arrangement or understanding with the Company or any action taken by the Company or its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision herein, the Investor shall not be liable for any brokerage commission, finders fees or similar fees or commissions.

(xi) Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would be or will be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K of the SEC.

(xii) OFAC; Anti-Terrorism; Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any Affiliate of Company: (a) is a Sanctioned Person, (b) has any assets in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) derives any operating income from Investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities. The proceeds of the Notes will not be used to fund any operations in, finance any Investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with any United States Requirements of Law relating to terrorism, sanctions or money laundering (the Anti-Terrorism Laws), including the United States Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing (the Anti-Terrorism Order) and the Patriot Act. No part of the proceeds of the Notes will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other Anti-Terrorism Law. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor any Affiliate of the Company (i) is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Anti-Terrorism Order, (ii) is owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any person listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, the Anti-Terrorism Order or (iii) commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports terrorism as defined in the Anti-Terrorism Order.

(xiii) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Etc. Each of the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and other persons acting on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries are in compliance with and have not violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar laws of any foreign jurisdiction. To the Company's knowledge, no governmental or political official in any country is or has been employed by, or acted as a consultant to or held any beneficial ownership interest in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents are in compliance with and have not violated the U.S. money laundering laws or regulations, the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (including any recordkeeping or reporting requirements thereunder), or the anti-money laundering laws or regulations of any jurisdiction.

As used in this Section 3, the following terms shall have the following meaning:

Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or more of any class of voting securities (or other ownership interests) of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of Capital Stock, by contract or otherwise; provided that in no event shall the Investor, or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, be deemed to be Affiliates of one another.

Capital Stock means (a) any capital stock, partnership, membership, limited liability company, joint venture or other ownership or equity interest or other equivalent, participation or securities (whether voting or non-voting, whether preferred, common or otherwise, whether certificated or uncertificated, and however designated), and (b) any option, warrant, security, appreciation right, profits interests or other right (including indebtedness securities or other evidence of indebtedness) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise to acquire directly or indirectly, any capital stock, partnership, membership, limited liability company, joint venture or other ownership or equity interest, participation or security described in clause (a) above.

Investment means any direct or indirect purchase, acquisition or other investment (including, without limitation, any loan or advance or capital contribution) in or to any Person, whether payment therefor is made in cash or Capital Stock or otherwise, and whether such investment is by acquisition of Capital Stock or indebtedness, or by loan, advance, transfer of property out of the ordinary course of business, capital contribution (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees of such Person made in the ordinary course of business, and (b) bona fide accounts arising in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), equity or profit sharing interest, extension of credit on terms other than those normal in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for decreases in value, or write downs or write offs with respect to such Investment.

Sanctioned Entity means (a) an agency of the government of, (b) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by, or (c) a person resident in a country that is subject to a sanctions program identified on the list maintained by OFAC and available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/programs, or as otherwise published from time to time as such program may be applicable to such agency, organization or person.

Sanctioned Person means a person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC available at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/index.html, or as otherwise published from time to time.

4. Representations and Warranties of the Investor to the Company. The Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a) Purchase for Own Account. The Investor is acquiring the Notes solely for its own account and beneficial interest for investment and not for sale or with a view to distribution of the Notes or the Conversion Shares or any part thereof, has no present intention of selling (in connection with a distribution or otherwise), granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same, and does not presently have reason to anticipate a change in such intention.

(b) Information and Sophistication. Without lessening or obviating the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3, the Investor hereby: (i) acknowledges that it has received all the information it has requested from the Company and it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to acquire the Notes and the Conversion Shares, (ii) represents that it has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Notes and the Conversion Shares and to obtain any additional information necessary to verify the accuracy of the information given to the Investor and (iii) further represents that it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of this investment.

(c) Ability to Bear Economic Risk. The Investor acknowledges that investment in the Notes and the Conversion Shares involves a high degree of risk, and represents that it is able, without materially impairing its financial condition, to hold the Notes and the Conversion Shares for an indefinite period of time and to suffer a complete loss of its investment.

(d) Accredited Investor Status. The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) under the Act. The Investor is Delaware corporation with its principal office in the state indicated on the signature page hereof.

(e) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Investor has all power and authority required to enter into this Agreement and the other Note Documents to which it is a party and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

(f) Authorization. The execution of this Agreement and the other Note Documents to which the Investor is a party and the performance by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Investor. This Agreement and the other Note Documents to which the Investor is a party have been duly executed by the Investor and constitute the Investors legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity.

(g) Restricted Securities and Legend. The Investor understand that neither the Notes nor any of the Conversion Shares have been registered under the Act or the securities laws of any State and that the Notes and the certificates for the Conversion Shares shall bear a legend substantially similar to the one found on the Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. Certificates evidencing the Conversion Shares need not contain any legend (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Act, (ii) following any sale of such Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) if such Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b)(1) without reliance on the conditions set forth in Rule 144(c)(1) relating to the availability of current public information.

5.Miscellaneous.

(a) Binding Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any third party any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

(b) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles.

(c) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

(d) Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

(e) Modification; Waiver. No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to departure therefrom shall be effective unless in writing and approved by the Company and the Investor.

(f) Expenses. Each party shall be responsible for all of its own legal fees incurred with respect to the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Note Documents and the transactions contemplated herein.

(g) Entire Agreement. Agreement and the Exhibits hereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in any manner by any representations, warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set forth herein.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: N. Scott Fine

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

William Conkling

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Address: 

520 Broad Street

Newark, New Jersey 07102

Signature Page to Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement

Exhibit A

Form of Convertible Promissory Note
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_774482.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_774482.htm

Exhibit 10.2

THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE AND THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. NO SALE OR DISPOSITION MAY BE EFFECTED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT OR AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE HOLDER SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR RECEIPT OF A NO-ACTION LETTER FROM THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

$2,000,000.00 February 4, 2025 (the Issue Date)

For value received CYCLO THERAPEUTICS INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company) promises to pay to the order of RAFAEL HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation(Holder), the principal sum of TWO MILLION DOLLARS ($2,000,000.00), with interest on the outstanding principal amount at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum (the Interest Rate), on March 31, 2025 (theMaturity Date), or such earlier date as this Note requires or is permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder. Interest shall commence with the date hereof and shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount until paid in full or this Convertible Promissory Note (this Note) has been converted as provided below. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days for the actual number of days elapsed. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default (as defined below), the Interest Rate shall automatically be increased to twelve percent (12.0%) per annum. In the event that such Event of Default is subsequently cured or waived by the Holder, the adjustment referred to in the preceding sentence shall cease to be effective as of the date of such cure or waiver; provided that the interest as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the continuance of such Event of Default shall apply beginning on the day of the occurrence of such Event of Default and to, but not including, the date of such cure or waiver of such Event of Default.

This Note has been issued to Holder pursuant to a Eighth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement) entered into between the Company and the Holder dated as of the date hereof,

1. All payments of interest and principal shall be in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be applied first to accrued interest, and thereafter to principal.

2. (a) In the event that the Company consummates any public or private offering of its Equity Securities (as defined below) resulting in gross proceeds of at least $8,000,000 (excluding this Note) (a Qualified Financing) at any time prior to the earlier of the Maturity Date and the repayment in full of this Note, then the outstanding principal balance of this Note, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will automatically convert into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) $.95 (the Base Price), and (ii) eighty percent (80%) of the purchase price paid by the investors purchasing the Equity Securities in the Qualified Financing. For purposes of this Note, the term Equity Securities shall mean (1) any shares of Common Stock or preferred stock of the Company, (2) any security convertible or exchangeable for Common Stock or preferred stock of the Company, and (3) any other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or preferred stock of the Company, in each case issued in a Qualified Financing following the date hereof.

(b) In the event the Company consummates a Sale Transaction (as defined below) with (i) the Holder or an affiliate of the Holder pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of this Note, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be discharged in full and the Company will not be required to make any further payments to the Holder pursuant to the terms hereof, or (ii) a third party other than the Holder or an affiliate of the Holder, at the election of the Holder, either (x) the outstanding principal balance of this Note, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall convert into that number of shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (1) the Base Price and (ii) eighty percent (80%) of the implied value of the Company in the Sale Transaction (the Conversion Shares), or (y) the Company will pay to the Holder an amount equal to the outstanding principal balance of this Note, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in full satisfaction of the Companys obligations under this Note. For purposes of this Note, the term Sale Transaction shall mean (A) the sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, (B) the consolidation or merger of the Company or any of its subsidiaries with or into any other corporation or other entity or person or other similar transaction, or (C) any other transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a party in which in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the Companys voting securities are transferred.

(c) This Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part, and from time to time, at the Holders sole discretion into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the lowest of (i) the Base Price, (ii) the closing price of the Common Stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market (or, if different, the principal trading market for the Common Stock) on the trading date immediately preceding the date of conversion and (iii) 80% of the purchase price paid by the investors purchasing Equity Securities in any financing consummated within sixty (60) days preceding the date of conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder shall not elect to convert this Note or any Prior Note (as such term is defined below) if, following such conversion, the Holder will beneficially own more than 49.9% of the outstanding Common Stock.

(d) The Company shall, as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days prior to the consummation of a Qualified Financing or a Sale Transaction, deliver to Holder notice of such proposed transaction.

(e) Before the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note into Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(c), the Holder shall give written notice to the Company at its principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state therein the name or names in which the shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to Holder or to the nominee or nominees of Holder, a certificate or certificates for the Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled as aforesaid. Conversion shall be deemed to have been effected on the date when delivery of notice of an election to convert and surrender of the Note to be converted is made. All Common Stock which may be issued upon conversion of the Note will, upon issuance, be duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.

2

3. If any of the following events shall occur for any reason whatsoever (and whether such occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation by law or otherwise) (each, an Event of Default):

(a) Failure of the Company to pay the principal of this Note or the convertible notes made by the Company in favor of the Holder, dated June 11, 2024, July 16, 2024, August 21, 2024, September 9, 2024, October 8, 2024, November 7, 2024, December 5, 2024 and January 3, 2025 (the Prior Notes) as and when due (whether at scheduled maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise), or failure of the Company to pay within three (3) Business Days after the same shall become due (1) any interest upon this Note or the Prior Notes, or (2) any other Indebtedness or Obligations to the Holder or (3) any other payment obligations under any of the Note Documents;

(b) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company to Holder under or in connection with this Note, the Prior Notes, the Note Purchase Agreement, or any other Note Document or any certificate or information delivered in connection with any of the foregoing shall be materially false when made;

(c) Failure of the Company to comply with any term, covenant, or provision contained in the Note Purchase Agreement;

(d) The Company or a Subsidiary shall (1) file or consent to the entry of an order for relief with respect to it under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or similar law as now or hereafter in effect, (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (3) apply for, seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any substantial part of its property, (4) institute any proceeding seeking an order for relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or similar law as now or hereafter in effect seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any such law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, fail to file an answer or other pleading denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it or file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, or (5) dissolve, wind up or liquidate;

(e) Without the application, approval or consent of the Company or a Subsidiary a receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official shall be appointed for the Company, or a Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property;

(f) The Company shall fail within 30 days to pay, bond or otherwise discharge one or more (1) judgments or orders for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate, or (2) nonmonetary final judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgment(s), in any such case, is/are not stayed on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith;

3

(g) The occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect;

(h) The Company shall be enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from continuing to conduct all or any material part of its business;

(i) The Company or any member of its Senior Management thereof shall be indicted for, convicted of or found culpable of a felony under applicable Law or any violation of applicable Law involving fraud, financial misconduct, theft, dishonesty, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary duty or other conduct that would be subject of any Bad Actor disqualifying event under Regulation D, as described in Rule 506(d) thereunder; and

(j) Except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, the Company shall (1) take any action, or shall make a determination, whether or not yet formally approved by its management or board of directors (or equivalent governing body), to (A) suspend the operation of all or a portion of its business, (B) suspend the payment of any material obligations outside of the ordinary course of business or suspend the performance of any material obligations outside of the ordinary course of business or suspend the performance under the Material Contracts outside of the ordinary course of business, or (C) solicit proposals for the employment of, or employ, an agent or other third party to conduct a wind-down of any material portion of its business or (2) be enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any Governmental Authority from conducting any part of its business unless such order would not have a Material Adverse Effect;

then, and in any such event, the Holder shall, by notice to the Company, take or cause to be taken any or all of the following actions, without prejudice to the rights of the Holder to enforce its claims against the Company: (1) extend the Maturity Date of this Note on the same terms contained in this Note, (2) declare the principal of and any accrued interest and all other amounts payable under this Note to be due and payable, whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company, and (3) exercise any remedies available at law or in equity, either by suit in equity or by action at law, or both, whether for specific performance of any covenant or other agreement contained in this Note; provided, that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default referred to in Section 3(b) then (without prejudice to the rights and remedies specified in clause (3) above) automatically, without notice, demand or any other act by any Holder, the principal of and any accrued interest and all other amounts payable under this Note shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company, anything contained in this Note to the contrary notwithstanding. No remedy conferred in this Note upon any Holder is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy conferred herein or now or hereinafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise.

4

4. Affirmative Covenants. Until the indefeasible payment in full of all Obligations under the Note in cash or by conversion into Conversion Shares or such later date as set forth below, the Company hereby covenants and agrees with the Holder as follows:

(a) Notice of Default or Material Adverse Effect. The Company will give prompt notice in writing to the Holder upon becoming aware of: (a) the occurrence of any Event of Default under this Note (such notice to specify the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company is taking (and proposes to take) with respect thereto), or (b) the occurrence of any event which constitutes or which with the passage of time or giving of notice or both would, absent other developments in the reasonable control of the Company, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or constitute an Event of Default.

(b) Conduct of Business. The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted or those reasonably related or ancillary thereto (the Business) and do all things necessary to remain duly incorporated validly existing and in good standing as a domestic corporation in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except to the extent the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Taxes and Claims. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

(i) Timely file complete and correct United States federal and state income and applicable foreign, state and local Tax Returns required by law, in each case with due regard for any extension of time within which to file such Tax Return, and pay when due all Taxes, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied in the United States (GAAP), which deferment of payment is permissible so long as no Lien, other than a Permitted Lien has been entered and the Companys and each Subsidiaries title to, and its/their right to use, its properties are not materially adversely affected thereby; and

(ii) Pay and perform (x) all Obligations under this Note and the other Note Documents and (y) all other Indebtedness, and other obligations and liabilities under material agreements, in accordance with customary trade practices; provided that the Company or such Subsidiary may contest any item described in clause (ii) above in good faith so long as adequate reserves are maintained with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP.

(d) Insurance. The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain with reputable insurance companies insurance in such amounts and covering such risks consistent with sound business practice.

(e) Compliance with Laws and Material Assessments. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with any and all Requirements of Law to which it may be subject including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws, and obtain any and all Licenses necessary to the ownership of its Property or to the conduct of its businesses. The Company will and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, timely satisfy all material assessments, fines, costs and penalties imposed by any Governmental Authority against it or its property except to the extent such assessments, fines, costs, or penalties are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company or such Subsidiaries has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP.

5

(f) Audits and Inspection. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit the Holder, and any of its representatives or designees, to visit and inspect any of its property, books of account, records and reports to examine, audit and make copies thereof, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers, managers, employees and independent certified public accountants at such times and intervals as the Holder may designate upon advance notice to the Company (except following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default in which case no advance notice shall be required); provided, however, that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be obligated under this Section 4(f) to provide the Holder or its representatives or designees with (i) any material non-public information either in its capacity as the Holder or as a shareholder of the Company and (ii) information that the Company reasonably determines in good faith to be trade secret or confidential information (unless covered by an enforceable confidentiality agreement, in a form acceptable to the Company).

(g) Information Rights. Should the Company no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company shall deliver to the Holder: as soon as practicable, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company and audited (A) balance sheets as of the end of such year and (B) statements of income and of cash flows for such year, all in accordance with GAAP; as soon as practicable, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each quarter of each fiscal year of the Company, unaudited statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and an unaudited balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal quarter, all prepared in accordance with GAAP (except that such financial statements may (i) be subject to normal year-end adjustments; and (ii) not contain all notes thereto that may be required in accordance with GAAP); such other information relating to the financial condition, business, prospects, or corporate affairs of the Company as the Holder may from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated under this Section 4(g) to provide information (i) that the Company reasonably determines in good faith to be trade secret or confidential information (unless covered by an enforceable confidentiality agreement, in a form acceptable to the Company); or (ii) the disclosure of which would adversely affect the attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel.

(h) Delivery of Certificates. Upon any conversion pursuant to Section 2, the Company shall deliver such certificates representing the Conversion Shares obtained by Holder in the conversion, or credit such Conversion Shares by book entry within two (2) Trading Days (such second Trading Day, a Share Delivery Date) of the date of the conversion.

(i) Reservation of Shares. The Company hereby represents and warrants that there have been reserved, and the Company shall at all times keep reserved and available, solely for issuance and delivery upon conversion of this Note, out of the authorized and unissued shares of its Common Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock as is equal, from time to time, to the number of shares as shall be issuable upon the conversion of this Note. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Company has a transfer agent for its shares of Common Stock, the Company will provide irrevocable written instructions to such transfer agent to reserve the number of shares contemplated to be reserved pursuant to and for the purposes of contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence. The Company agrees that all Conversion Shares issued upon conversion of this Note shall be, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such Conversion Shares, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock of the Company.

6

5. Negative Covenants. Until the indefeasible payment in full of all Obligations under this Note in cash or by conversion into Conversion Shares or such later date as set forth below, the Company hereby covenants and agrees with the Holder as follows:

(a) Distributions. The Company will not make or declare or incur any liability to make any Distributions in respect of the Capital Stock of the Company or any other Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except that the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Preferred and Common Stock payable solely in additional shares of its Capital Stock.

(b) Indebtedness. The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur or suffer to exist any Indebtedness (directly or indirectly) without the consent of the Holder (which may be withheld in the Holders sole discretion), except:

(i) unsecured trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of Companys and its Subsidiaries business;

(ii) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and as set forth in the SEC Documents;

(iii) the Obligations;

(iv) endorsement of items for deposit or collection of commercial paper received in the ordinary course of business;

(v) Indebtedness with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bid bonds, completion guarantees and similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(vi) accrual of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, in each case, on Indebtedness permitted hereunder;

(vii) Indebtedness in respect of bid, performance or surety bonds, workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations and bankers acceptances issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, including guarantees or obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to letters of credit supporting such bid, performance or surety bonds, workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations and bankers acceptances (in each case other than for an obligation for money borrowed);

7

(viii) Permitted Indebtedness not to exceed $50,000.00 in outstanding principal amounts owing in amount at any time (with Permitted Indebtedness not included for purposes of such amount).

(c) Liens. The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur or suffer to exist, any Lien in, of or on its or their Property (whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon any income, profits or proceeds therefrom), except the following (Permitted Liens):

(i) Liens for Taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies on its property if the same shall not at the time be delinquent or thereafter can be paid without penalty, or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside on its books, so long as the Companys or its Subsidiaries title to, and its right to use, its properties are not materially adversely affected thereby;

(ii) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure payment of obligations not more than 30 days past due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside on its books, so long as the Companys or its Subsidiaries title to, and its right to use, its Properties are not materially adversely affected thereby;

(iii) Utility easements, building restrictions and such other encumbrances or charges against real property as are of a nature generally existing with respect to properties of a similar character, as arise in the ordinary course of business and that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary course of business of the Company or its Subsidiaries and (ii) minor defects in title, in each case, which do not materially interfere with the conduct of the Companys or its Subsidiaries business or the utilization thereof in the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries; and

(iv) Liens existing on the date hereof and described in the SEC Documents.

(d) Affiliates. The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction or arrangement (including, without limitation, the purchase or sale of any property or service) with, or make any payment or transfer to, any Affiliate other than transactions with or among wholly-owned Subsidiaries.

6. This Note is a general unsecured obligation of the Company.

8

7. Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and the other Note Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. The issuance of Conversion Shares and certificates for Conversion Shares as contemplated hereby upon the conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder or such Conversion Shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof; provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

8. Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or any other Note Document or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, and any of the outstanding balance under this Note is not paid in full, then the Company shall pay the reasonable costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements.

9. Non-circumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall take all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Conversion Shares upon the conversion of this Note.

10. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective, unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

11. Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor.

12. Payments. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day and interest or any other charges on such amounts shall accrue through the actual date of such payment.

13. Transferability of Note. Other than to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 5(a), the Holder may not transfer or assign some or all of this Note, without the prior written consent of the Company.

9

14. Amendment. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Note may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

15. Dispute Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Shares (as the case may be), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations via email or certified mail (a) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) or (b) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder or the Company (as the case may be) learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation (as the case may be) within ten (10) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile or email the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case may be) and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may be). Such accountants determination or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all parties hereto absent demonstrable error. The fees and expenses of such accountant shall be borne by the parties in the same proportion as the respective amounts by which the accountants determination differs from such partys calculation.

16. Indemnification. In addition to all other sums due hereunder or provided for in this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the Holder, its Affiliates and their respective managers, officers, directors (which shall not include any director of the Company), agents, employees, Subsidiaries, partners, members, attorneys, accountants, and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Party) to the fullest extent permitted by law from and against any and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket losses, claims, damages, expenses (including, without limitation, fees, disbursements and other charges of outside counsel and costs of investigation incurred by an Indemnified Party in any action or proceeding between the Company and such Indemnified Party (or Indemnified Parties) or between an Indemnified Part (or Indemnified Parties) and any third party or otherwise) or other liabilities or losses (collectively, Liabilities), in each case resulting from or arising out of any breach of any representation or warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Note or any other Note Document, including without limitation, the failure to make payment when due of amounts owning pursuant to this Note or any other Note Document, on the due date thereof (whether at the scheduled maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) or any legal, administrative or other actions (including, without limitation, derivative actions brought by any Person claiming through or in the Companys name), relating to or arising out of the Note Documents, the transactions, or the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Company or any of its Affiliates and its respective directors, officers and employees; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable under this Section 16 to an Indemnified Party to the extent that it is finally judicially determined that such Liabilities resulted primarily from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of an Indemnified Party; provided, further, that if and to the extent that such indemnification is unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such Liabilities which shall be permissible under applicable laws. In connection with the obligation of the Company to indemnify for expenses as set forth above, the Company further agrees, upon presentation of appropriate invoices, to reimburse each Indemnified Party for all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of outside counsel and costs of investigation incurred by an Indemnified Party in connection with any liabilities) incurred by such Indemnified Party. Unless this Note is otherwise converted pursuant to the terms hereof, the obligations of the Company under this Section 16 shall survive the payment in full of the other Obligations and the termination of this Note.

10

17. This principal amount outstanding under this Note may be prepaid in full by the Company at any time upon not less than ten days prior written notice to the Holder, together with accrued interest thereon and any other amounts owing hereunder through the date of prepayment.

18. The Company hereby waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and notice of dishonor.

19. This Note shall be governed by and construed the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles.

20. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to close.

Capital Stock means preferred stock, common stock, and/or any other class or series of capital stock or other equity securities of the Company, whether authorized as of or after the date hereof.

Charter Documents means the articles or certificate of incorporation or formation (as applicable), the bylaws or operating or limited liability company agreement (as applicable), and other similar organizational and governing documents of any Person, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Distributions by a Person means (a) the declaration or payment of dividends or other distributions (whether in cash, securities or other property or assets) on any now or hereafter outstanding Capital Stock of such Person; (b) any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property or assets) on account of the redemption, repurchase, defeasance, sinking fund or other retirement or acquisition of such Capital Stock or of warrants, rights or other options to purchase such Capital Stock made either directly or indirectly; (c) any loans or advances (other than salaries or advances to, or reimbursement of, directors or employees for travel, entertainment, relocation or other business expenses in the ordinary course of business), to any stockholder(s), partner(s) or member(s) of such Person; (d) any payment or prepayment of principal or premium, if any, or interest, fees or other charges on or with respect to, and any redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment; and (e) setting aside funds for any of the foregoing.

11

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, Licenses, concessions, grants, franchises, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to (a) the protection of the environment, (b) the effect of the environment on human health, (c) emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes into surface water, ground water, air or land, or (d) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof.

Governmental Authority means the government of any nation, state, city, locality or other political subdivision of any thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, regulation or compliance, including, without limitation, any federal, state or local public utility commission, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled, through stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing.

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, such Persons (a) obligations for borrowed money, (b) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of Property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Persons business payable on terms customary in the trade and not outstanding more than 90 days past the date of invoice), (c) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens or payable out of the proceeds or production from Property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (d) obligations which are evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, acceptances, or other similar instruments, (e) obligations of such Person to purchase securities or other Property arising out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or Property, (f) Capital Lease Obligations and obligations created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, (g) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted, or sold with recourse) any obligation of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a) through (f), and (h) any other obligation for borrowed money or other financial accommodation which, in accordance with GAAP, would be shown as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person.

Licenses means all licenses, permits, authorizations, determinations, and registrations issued by any Governmental Authority to the Company in connection with the conduct of its business.

Lien means any lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, deed of trust, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, capital lease, or other title retention agreement (and any lease in the nature thereof)) and any agreement to give any of the foregoing.

Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse condition, event, occurrence or development related to, or material adverse change or effect on (a) the transactions contemplated herein, (b) the business, asset, results of operations, cash flows, condition (financial or otherwise), or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (c) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Company of any Note Document, or (d) the rights or remedies, taken as a whole, available to, or conferred upon, the Holder under any Note Document, or (e) a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under any Note Document.

12

Note Documents this Note, the Note Purchase Agreement, and each other agreement, document, form or certificate delivered pursuant to this Note or any other Note Document, in each case, as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time.

Obligations means, in each case, whether now in existence or hereafter arising: (a) the principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the filing of any bankruptcy or similar petition) this Note, and (b) all other fees and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof of any proceeding under any federal bankruptcy laws (as now or hereafter in effect) or under any other laws, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding up or adjustment of debts, naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.

Person means any individual, firm, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint stock company, Governmental Authority or other entity of any kind, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity.

Property of a Person means any and all property, whether real, personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed, of such Person, or other assets owned, leased, or operated by such Person.

Requirements of Law means as to any Person, provisions of the Charter Documents of such Person, or any law, treaty, code, rule, regulation, right, privilege, qualification, License or franchise, or any determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to such Person or any of such Persons property or to which such Person or any of such Persons property is subject or pertaining to any or all of the transactions contemplated or referred to in the Note Documents.

Senior Management means with respect to the Company, its chairman, president, chief financial officer, chief operating officer or chief executive officer.

Tax Return means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

CYCLO THERAPEUTICS INC. 

By: 

Name: N. Scott Fine 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_774483.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_774483.htm

Exhibit 10.3

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES (this Amendment), dated as of February 4, 2025, is entered into by and among CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Holder).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Holder is the holder of: (i) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 11, 2024 (the June Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; (ii) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 16, 2024 (the July Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; (iii) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 21, 2024 (the August Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; (iv) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 9, 2024 (the September Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; (v) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated October 8, 2024 (the October Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; (vi) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 7, 2024 (the November Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; (vii) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 5, 2024 (the December Promissory Note), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; and (viii) that certain Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 3, 2025 (the January Promissory Note, and together with the June Promissory Note, the July Promissory Note, the August Promissory Note, the September Promissory Note, the October Promissory Note, the November Promissory Note and the December Promissory Note, each a Note and collectively, the Notes), made by the Company in favor of the Holder, in the original principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00), with a Maturity Date of February 15, 2025; and

WHEREAS, the Holder has agreed to extend the Maturity Date of each Note as set forth below.

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment have the meanings set forth in the Notes.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual premises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENTS

1.Amendment. Each Note shall be amended to revise the definition of Maturity Date therein to be March 31, 2025.

2.Continuing Effectiveness of Notes. Except to the extent amended hereby, the Notes and all terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall continue in full force and effect in all respects.

3.Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

4.Miscellaneous. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles.

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 

Name: N. Scott Fine 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDER: RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: William Conkling 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to Convertible Promissory Notes]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ctdh-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ctdh-20250204_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ctdh-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

CommonStockParValue0001PerShare Custom [Member] 

WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStock Custom [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ctdh-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 04, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity, File Number 001-39780

Entity, Tax Identification Number 59-3029743

Entity, Address, Address Line One 6714 NW 16th Street, Suite B

Entity, Address, City or Town Gainesville

Entity, Address, State or Province FL

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 32653

City Area Code 386

Local Phone Number 418-8060

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0000922247

CommonStockParValue0001PerShare Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CYTH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStock Custom [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase Common Stock

Trading Symbol CYTHW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ctdh_CommonStockParValue0001PerShareCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ctdh_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockCustomMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ctdh.com/20250204/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ctdh-20250204.xsd 
ctdh-20250204_def.xml 
ctdh-20250204_lab.xml 
ctdh-20250204_pre.xml 
ctdh20250204_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-002723-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ctdh20250204_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000922247 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000922247 

ctdh:CommonStockParValue0001PerShareCustomMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0000922247 

ctdh:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockCustomMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

false 
0000922247 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
CYCLO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NV 
001-39780 
59-3029743 
6714 NW 16th Street, Suite B 
Gainesville 
FL 
32653 
386 
418-8060 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share 
CYTH 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase Common Stock 
CYTHW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>