<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-008654.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-008654.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203163029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-008654
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053352
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				770469558
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23877
		FILM NUMBER:		25582977

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		224 AIRPORT PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089476900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		224 AIRPORT PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254986d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000105335200010533522025-02-032025-02-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 3, 2025

HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)

California 000-23877 77-0469558

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

224
Airport Parkway, San Jose, California 95110

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (408) 947-6900

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (See General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, No Par Value HTBK The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. 

ITEM 5.02 APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS

On February 3, 2025, Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company),
the holding company for Heritage Bank of Commerce (the Bank) announced the appointment of Janisha Sabnani as Executive Vice
President and General Counsel of the Company and the Bank. Ms. Sabnani comes to the Company from First Republic Bank following its
acquisition by JPMorgan Chase. At First Republic she served in a progression of roles since July 2014 and most recently as Senior
Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since March 2018. Following the acquisition in May 2023, until
her departure, she served as an Acquisition Integration Leader, assisting with the integration of First Republic Bank into JPMorgan Chase.
Ms. Sabnani also spent several years in private practice as a corporate attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom,
LLP. She currentl serves in a variety of advisory and board roles in Northern California, including with The BASIC Fund and Martha Stoumen
Wines. Ms. Sabnani comes to us with more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry and private practice. Ms. Sabnani
holds a Juris Doctor Degree from the New York University School of Law, an M.B.A. from the New York University Leonard N. Stern School
of Business, and a B.A. in Political Science and Mass Communications from the University of California, Berkeley.

Ms. Sabnani entered into an at-will employment agreement that
will become effective on February 3, 2025 (the Employment Agreement) providing for a base salary of $390,000 per year,
and for bonus eligibility and other terms and benefits substantially equivalent to the Companys other senior executive officers.
Under the terms of the Employment Agreement, Ms. Sabnani will receive restricted stock awards having an initial value of $150,000
and vesting over a period of three years. She will be eligible to participate in the Companys Executive Officer Cash Incentive
Program and the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. Ms. Sabnani will be eligible to participate in the Companys 401(k) plan,
and to participate in other employee benefits plans available to the Companys other senior executives, including group life, health,
accident and disability insurance coverage for herself and her dependents. Ms. Sabnani will receive an automobile allowance in the
amount of $500 per month. Ms. Sabnani will also receive a one-time new-hire signing bonus in the amount of $30,000.

If Ms. Sabnanis employment is terminated without cause
(as defined in the Employment Agreement), she is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to one times her base salary and her average annual
bonus in the last three years, as well as a continuation of certain employee benefits including payments for COBRA continuation coverage
for a period of 12 months, which benefits are contingent upon her execution of a standard waiver and release of claims. If Ms. Sabnanis
employment is terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a change of control (as defined in the Employment Agreement),
she will be entitled to a lump sum of two times her base salary and average annual bonus in the last three years, as well as a continuation
of certain employee benefits including payments for COBRA continuation coverage for a period of 24 months. Additionally, following the
termination of her employment, Ms. Sabnani has agreed to refrain from certain activities that would adversely affect the Companys
business, including refraining for 12 months from the date of termination from soliciting Company employees or clients.

The foregoing is only a summary of Ms. Sabnanis Employment
Agreement. A copy of the Employment Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 7.01 REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE

On February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Ms. Sabnanis accession to the Companys and the Banks executive leadership team. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the press release is deemed to be furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall the press release be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

2

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(D) Exhibits.

10.1 Employment Agreement with Janisha Sabnani, dated February 3,
2025.

99.1 Press
Release dated February 3, 2025, entitled Heritage Commerce Corp and Heritage Bank of Commerce Announce Appointment
of Janisha Sabnani as New General Counsel.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 3, 2025

Heritage Commerce Corp 

By: /s/ Thomas A. Sa 

Name: Thomas A. Sa 

Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254986d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement)
is entered into by and between HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP, a California bank holding company (the Company), HERITAGE
BANK OF COMMERCE, a California banking corporation (the Bank), and JANISHA SABNANI, an individual (the Executive)
as of February 3, 2025 (the Effective Date). This Agreement supersedes any previous offer letters, employment
agreements or other arrangements or understandings between the parties regarding Executives employment.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company is a California corporation
and a bank holding Company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, subject to the supervision and regulation
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System;

WHEREAS, the Company is the parent holding company
for the Bank, which is a California banking association, subject to the supervision and regulation of the California Department of Financial
Protection and Innovation and the Federal Reserve Board;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(by virtue of the actions of the Personnel & Compensation Committee thereof) has approved and authorized the entry into this
Agreement with the Executive; and

WHEREAS,
the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions for the employment relationship of the Executive
with the Company and the Bank, it being understood and agreed that Executive is to be employed by the Company but will exercise theirrights
and obligations hereunder by means of actions with respect to the Bank.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company, the Bank
and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment.

1.1Title.
As of the Effective Date, the Executive shall be employed as an Executive Vice President, General Counsel of the Company. In this capacity,
the Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities as may be designated to the Executive by the Chief Executive Officer of the
Bank and in accordance with the objectives or policies of the Board of Directors of the Bank, from time to time, in connection with the
business activities and the Bank.

1.2Devotion
to Company Business. The Executive shall devote their full business time, ability, and attention to the business of the Company
(either directly or by virtue of their services to and on behalf of the Bank) during the term of this Agreement
and shall not during the term of this Agreement engage in any other business activities, duties, or pursuits whatsoever, or directly
or indirectly render any services of a business, commercial, or professional nature to any other person or organization, whether for
compensation or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company. It shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for the Executive to (a) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (b) deliver lectures,
fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions and (c) manage personal investments, so long as the activities
identified in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c) do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executives
responsibilities as an employee of the Bank in accordance with this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to prohibit
the Executive from making passive personal investments.

However, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly acquire, hold,
or retain any interest in any business competing with or similar in nature to the business of the Bank and the Company, except as permitted
by the Companys policies or authorized by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

1.3Standard.
The Executive will set a high standard of professional conduct given the Executives role with the Company and the Bank and the
Executives responsibility relative to the Companys and the Banks presence and stature in the community. The Executive
will, at all times, emulate this high professional standard of conduct in order to develop and enhance the Companys reputation
and image. The Executive will comply with all applicable rules, policies and procedures of the Bank (and as applicable, the Company)
and any of their subsidiaries and all pertinent regulatory standards as may directly or indirectly affect the Bank.

1.4Location.
The Executive shall provide services for the Company at its principal executive offices located in San Jose, California. The Executive
agrees that they will be regularly present at the Companys principal executive offices and acknowledges that they may
be required to travel from time to time in the course of performing the Executives duties for the Company or the Bank.

1.5No
Breach of Contract. The Executive hereby represents to the Company and the Bank that: (a) the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of their duties
hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive
is a party or by which the Executive is otherwise bound; (b) that the Executive has no information (including, without limitation,
confidential information or trade secrets) of any other person or entity which the Executive is not legally and contractually free to
disclose to the Company and the Bank; and (c) that except as disclosed in writing (accompanied by copies) the Executive is not bound
by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this Agreement) with any other person or entity other than the
Company and the Bank.

2.Term.
Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement will be at-will, terminable by either the Executive or the Company in accordance
with the provisions of Section 6. Nothing in this Agreement or in any oral or written statement, express or implied, or any
course of conduct or course of dealing, shall be construed to convey a specified term of employment.

3. 
Compensation.

3.1Salary.
The Executive shall receive a salary at an annual rate of three hundred ninety thousand dollars ($390,000) which will be paid ratably
in accordance with the Companys normal payroll procedures including applicable deductions for withholding taxes and employee benefits.
The Executive shall receive such annual increases in salary, if any, as may be determined by, and at the sole discretion of, the Companys
Board of Directors annual review of the Executives compensation each year during the term of this Agreement. Participation
in deferred compensation, discretionary or performance bonus, retirement, stock option and other employee benefit plans and in fringe
benefits shall not reduce the annual rate except to the extent the terms of such plans call for the payment or deferral of amounts deducted
in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices. In connection with and in addition to the annual compensation, bonuses
and benefits described in this paragraph and in Section 3.2 and 3.3 below, the Company agrees to pay Executive, a one-time signing
bonus of $30,000, payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll procedures including applicable adjustments for withholding
taxes, at the conclusion of the first pay period of Executives employment with the Company following the Effective Date.

2

3.2 Incentive
Compensation.

(a)Bonus
and Incentive Plan. The Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual incentive compensation payment pursuant to the terms of
the Companys Executive Officer Cash Incentive Program in effect at the date of this Agreement, and as amended at any future date
or pursuant to any successor incentive program or arrangement adopted by the Company or the Bank for its officers (the Incentive
Program). Notwithstanding any contrary terms of the Incentive Program, an annual payment if earned under the Incentive Program
for a fiscal year shall be paid to the Executive no later than the 15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year
in which the annual incentive compensation payment is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, provided that the Executive
must still be an active employee with the Company on the date the incentive compensation payment is made by the Company to earn and receive
the incentive compensation payment. If the Executive is not actively employed on the date the incentive compensation payment is made
by the Company, Executive has not earned, and is not entitled to, such payment.

(b)Restricted
Stock Grant. On the Effective Date, the Company shall grant Executive a number of shares of restricted common stock of the Company
(the Restricted Stock Grant) determined by dividing
one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) divided by the Fair Market Value of one share of the Companys common stock as determined
in accordance with the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (Plan), and defined terms used in
this paragraph and not herein defined shall have the meanings ascribed in the Plan. The Restricted Stock Grant shall be (i) subject
to all applicable blackout periods applicable to the Company and Bank policies, (ii) governed by the Plan, except as expressly set
forth in this paragraph, (iii) vested pro rata over a three-year period following the Effective Date, and (iv) subject to acceleration
of vesting on a Change of Control. The definitive terms of the Restricted Stock Grant will be memorialized in a restricted stock agreement
in accordance with the Plan, and the award of the restricted common stock contemplated herein shall be subject, in all respects, to Executive
accepting the terms of the Companys Incentive Program and the applicable restricted stock agreement and executing the same.

(c)Incentive
Compensation Recovery. Without limiting the general applicability of the Companys policies and procedures regarding employee
and executive compensation, any and all compensation paid or payable to the Executive hereunder shall be subject to the Companys
Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy as in effect from time to time. Any amendments to or modifications of the Incentive Compensation
Recovery Policy made subsequent to the date of this Agreement shall be deemed to amend this Agreement in accordance with the terms of
such amendments or modifications.

3.3Other
Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to those benefits adopted by the Company and the Bank for all executive officers of the
Company and or Bank, subject to applicable qualification requirements and regulatory approval requirements, if any. To the extent that
the level of such benefits is based on seniority or compensation levels, the Company and the Bank shall make appropriate and proportionate
adjustments to the Executives benefits based on their seniority and compensation. The Executive shall be further entitled to the
following additional benefits which shall supplement or replace, to the extent duplicative of any part or all of the general officer
benefits, the benefits otherwise provided to the Executive:

(a)Vacation.
The Executive shall be entitled to thirty (30) paid vacation days for each calendar year (reduced pro rata for any partial year), of
which at least five (5) (reduced pro rata for any partial year) must be taken consecutively. Vacation may be accrued in accordance
with the Companys policy. The date or dates of vacation shall be determined by the Executive and the Companys Chief Executive
Officer and will be subject to the business requirements of the Company.

3

(b)Insurance.
Effective the first day of the first full calendar month of employment, the Company shall provide during the term of this Agreement at
no cost to the Executive group life, health (including medical, dental, vision and hospitalization for Executive and Executives
dependents), accident and disability insurance coverage for the Executive and the Executives dependents, as applicable, through
a policy or policies provided by the insurer(s) selected by the Company in its sole discretion on the same basis as all other executives
in comparable positions with the Company. Any such insurance coverage shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the policies
and plan documents, which may be modified, amended or replaced from time to time, in the Companys sole and absolute discretion.

(c)401(k). The Company maintains a 401(k) plan for its
eligible employees. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the official plan documents, the Executive will be eligible to
participate in the 401(k) plan, and shall receive a matching contribution in accordance with the terms of the 40l(k) plan
from the Company, which such plan may be modified, amended or replaced from time to time, in the Companys sole and absolute
discretion; provided, however, that such changes are effective with respect to all employees whose titles or responsibilities are
equivalent or subordinate to yours.

(d)Automobile
Allowance and Insurance. The Company shall pay to the Executive an automobile allowance in the amount of five hundred dollars ($500)
per month during the term of this Agreement. The Executive shall obtain and maintain public liability insurance and property damage insurance
policies with insurer(s) acceptable to the Company with such coverages in such amounts as may be acceptable to the Company from
time to time.

3.4Business
Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to incur and be reimbursed for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. The Company
will reimburse the Executive for all such expenses upon the presentation by the Executive, from time to time, of an itemized account
of such expenditures setting forth the date, the purposes for which incurred, and the amounts thereof, together with such receipts showing
payments in conformity with the Companys established policies. Reimbursement shall be made within a reasonable period after the
Executives submission of an itemized account in accordance with the Companys policies.

4.Indemnity.
The Company shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless from any cost, expense or liability arising out of or relating to any acts
or decisions made by the Executive on behalf of or in the course of performing services for the Company and the Bank to the same extent
the Bank and the Company indemnifies and holds harmless other executive officers and directors of the Bank and in accordance with the
articles of incorporation, bylaws and established policies of the Bank.as well as California Labor Code section 2802. The rights conferred
by this Section 4 shall be in addition to, and not in limitation or derogation of, rights arising under the California Corporations
Code, under the governing documents of the Company or the Bank (as the case may be), or under any contract or agreement providing for
indemnification of the Executive.

5. 
Certain Terms Defined. For purposes of this Agreement:

5.1Accrued
Obligations means the sum of the Executives Base Salary and accrued vacation through the Date of Termination to the
extent not theretofore paid, outstanding expense reimbursements and any compensation previously deferred by the Executive to the extent
not theretofore paid.

5.2Average
Annual Bonus shall mean the average bonus or incentive compensation amount paid to (or earned by) the Executive during the
three (3) fiscal years immediately preceding the termination (including periods of employment with the Company and the Bank prior
to the Effective Date).

5.3Base
Salary means, as of any Date of Termination of employment, the current annual salary of the Executive.

4

5.4Cause shall
mean (a) the Executive willfully breaches or habitually neglects the duties which the Executive is required to perform under
Executives employment with the Company or the Bank; (b) the Executive commits an intentional act of moral turpitude that
has a material detrimental effect on the reputation or business of the Company or the Bank ; (c) the Executive is convicted of
a felony or commits any material and actionable act of dishonesty, fraud, or intentional material misrepresentation in the
performance of the Executives employment with the Company and the Bank; (d) the
Executive engages in repetitive or substantial misconduct, including material breach of any term of this Agreement; (e) the
Executive engages in inappropriate or disruptive conduct which the Company determines is detrimental or harmful to employees,
customers staff, or visitors or negatively affects the operations, financial performance, or reputation of the Company or the Bank;
(f) the Executive engages in any type of workplace intimidation, bullying or harassment, regardless of form or frequency;
(g) the Executive engages in an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, trade secrets or other confidential
information of the Company or the Bank; (h) the Executive willfully breaches a
fiduciary duty, or violates any law, rule or regulation, which breach or violation results in a material adverse effect on the
Company or the Bank (taken as a whole); or (i) Executive has committed any other action
or inaction that warrants the immediate termination of an employee for cause pursuant to the policies and procedures of the
Company.

5.5Change
of Control means, subject to the limitations of Section 409A of the Code, set forth in Section 7 of this
Agreement, the earliest occurrence of one of the following events:

(a)the
acquisition (or acquisition during the 12 month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition) by any individual, entity,
or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act) (a Person) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act) of 40% or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company
Common Stock) or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors (Outstanding Company Voting Securities);
provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control:
(i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any acquisition by the Company that reduces the number of shares issued
and outstanding through a stock repurchase program or otherwise, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related
trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or the Bank or any corporation controlled by the Company or the Bank or (iv) any acquisition
by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of
subsection (c) of this Section 5.5; or

(b)individuals
who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the Incumbent Board) cease for
any reason other than resignation, death or disability to constitute at least a majority of the Companys Board of Directors during
any 12 month period; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination
for election by the Companys shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the
Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose,
any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to
the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other
than the Companys Board of Directors; or

5

(c)consummation
of a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company or the Bank, or sale or other disposition (in one transaction or a series
of transactions) of any assets of the Bank or the Company having a total fair market value equal to, or more than, 40% of the total gross
fair market value of all of the assets of the Bank or the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions (a Business
Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and
entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Common Stock and Outstanding Voting Securities immediately
prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares
of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation
which as a result of such transaction owns all or substantially all of the Companys or Banks assets either directly or
through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination
of the Outstanding Common Stock and Outstanding Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii)
no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the
Company or the Bank or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more
of, respectively, of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined
voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to
the Business Combination, and (iii at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such
Business Combination were members of the Companys Board of Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or
of the action of the Companys Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination; or

(d)approval
by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

5.6 Change
of Control Period means the period of time (a) commencing on the earlier of (i) 120 days before the date the Change
of Control occurs, or if earlier, 120 days before a definitive agreement is executed by the Company or the Bank for a transaction described
in Section 5.4(c) (provided, however, that in the event of this subsection (a)(i) the Executive reasonably
demonstrates that the Executives termination of employment should it occur was either (x) at the request of a third party
who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change of Control, or (y) otherwise arose in connection with a Change of Control),
or (ii) the date the Change of Control occurs, and (b) ending on the last day of the 24th calendar month immediately following
the month the Change of Control occurred.

5.7Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and any successor provisions to such sections.

5.8Date
of Termination means (a) if the Executives employment is terminated due to the Executives death, the Date
of Termination shall be the date of death; (b) if the Executives employment is terminated due to Disability, the Date of
Termination is the Disability Effective Date; (c) if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or
without Cause, or voluntarily by the Executive, or for any other reason, the Date of Termination shall be the Executives final
date of employment.

5.9Disability
means a physical or mental condition of the Executive which occurs and persists and which, in the written opinion of a physician
selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executives legal representative, and, in the written
opinion of such physician, the condition will render the Executive unable to return to the Executives duties for an indefinite
period of not less than 180 days.

5.10Release
Agreement means a written agreement executed by the Company, the Bank and the Executive substantially in the form of Exhibit A,
attached to this Agreement.

6

6. Termination.

6.1 This Agreement may be terminated for the following reasons:

(a) Death.
This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon the Executives death.

(b)Disability.
In the event of the Executives Disability, the Company may give the Executive a notice of termination. In such event, the Executives
employment with the Company and this Agreement shall terminate without further act of the parties effective on the 30th day after the
Company provides such notice to the Executive (the Disability Effective Date) provided, however, that within the
30 days after such notice is provided, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executives duties.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Company, upon receipt of such notice, the Executive shall immediately
cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of the Executives positions and remove the Executives
personal belongings from the Companys premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall
cease as of the Disability Effective Date, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executives rights regarding employment
benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under
this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.

(c)Cause.
The Company may terminate the Executives employment and this Agreement for Cause. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the
Executive and the Company upon receipt of notice of termination for Cause, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging
the duties and responsibilities of the Executives positions and remove the Executives personal belongings from the Companys
premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such
termination shall not prejudice the Executives rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination,
and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.

(d)Termination
by Bank without Cause. The Company may, at its election and in its sole discretion, terminate the Executives employment and
this Agreement without notice and for any reason or no reason within the first one hundred eighty (180) days from the commencement of
Executives employment, without prejudice to any other remedy to which the Company may be entitled either at law, in equity or
under this Agreement. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 6.l(d), the Company may, at its election and in its sole discretion,
terminate the Executives employment and this Agreement at any time after one hundred eight (180) days from the commencement of
Executives employment and for any reason or for no reason, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Executive, without prejudice
to any other remedy to which the Company may be entitled either at law, in equity or under this Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed in
writing between the Executive and the Company, upon the Executives receipt of notice of termination without Cause, the Executive
shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of the Executives positions and remove the
Executives personal belongings from the Companys premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this
Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executives rights regarding employment
benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, including the right to receive the severance benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or
Section 6.2(b) below, and any other remedy which the
Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.

(e) Voluntary Termination by Executive.
The Executive may terminate the Executives employment and this Agreement at any time and for any reason or no reason, upon 30
days prior written notice to the Company. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Company, upon the Companys
receipt of the Executives written notice of voluntary termination the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging
the duties and responsibilities of the Executives positions and remove the Executives personal belongings from the Companys
premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such
termination shall not prejudice the Executives rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination
and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to the date of
such termination.

7

6.2 Certain Benefits upon Termination.

(a)Termination
without Cause. In the event the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.l(d) (termination without
Cause) and subject to (i) the execution of the Release Agreement by the Executive, and (ii) such Release Agreement becoming
effective and irrevocable within 60 days of the Date of Termination, then in such case, the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations
on the Date of Termination, and severance benefits constituting of:

(i) For
Termination without Cause within 180 days from Executives commencement of employment, cash payment in the amount equal to three
(3) months of Executives Base Salary, payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days following the Date of Termination.

(ii)For
Termination without Cause after 180 days from Executives commencement of employment:

(a)cash
payment in the amount equal to one (1) times the sum of the Executives (A) Base Salary and (B) Average Annual Bonus,
payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days following the Date of Termination, and

(b)if
the Executive timely elects continuation of group insurance coverage pursuant to The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985 (COBRA), or under applicable California law pursuant to Assembly Bill No. 1401 (Cal COBRA),
the Company will pay to Executive an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the COBRA premiums for a period of 12 months from
the Date of Termination, which amount shall be included in Executives income for tax purposes to the extent required by applicable
law. After expiration of the 12-month period, the Executive and the Executives dependents shall have such rights to continue to
participate under the Companys group insurance coverage specified in Section 3.3(b) of this Agreement at the
Executives expense to the extent available under the terms of the plan or benefit and applicable law. The Executive agrees to
notify the Company as soon as practicable, but not less than 10 business days in advance of the commencement of comparable insurance
coverage with another employer. The Companys obligation for the 12 month period specified herein with respect to the foregoing
benefits shall be limited to the extent that the Executive obtains any such benefits pursuant to a subsequent employers benefit
plans, in which case the Company may reduce the coverage of any benefits it is required to provide the Executive hereunder so long as
the aggregate coverage and benefits of the combined benefit plans of the new employer are not substantially less favorable to the Executive
than the coverage and benefits required to be provided hereunder.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision
of this Agreement, if any part or all of the severance benefits is subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, as determined
by the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, then the severance benefits shall be subject
to modification as set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement.

8

Notwithstanding the foregoing, when the Executive
is entitled to the severance benefits provided in Section 6.2(b), then Executive shall not be entitled to the severance benefits
pursuant to this Section 6.2(a).

The Executive acknowledges and agrees that severance
benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) are in lieu of all damages, payments and liabilities on account of the early
termination of this Agreement and are the sole and exclusive remedy for the Executive for a termination specified in Section 6.l(d).

(b)Termination
and Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control and at any time during the Change of Control Period (x) the
Executives employment is terminated, or (y) without
Executives written consent there occurs any material adverse change in the nature and scope of the Executives
position, responsibilities, duties, or a change in the Executives location of employment outside the counties of Alameda,
Contra Costa, Marin, San Francisco, San Mateo or Santa Clara, or any material reduction in Executives compensation or
benefits and Executive voluntarily terminates the Executives employment, and subject to (i) the execution of the Release
Agreement by the Executive, and (ii) such Release Agreement becoming effective and irrevocable within 60 days of the Date of
Termination, then the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations on the Date of Termination, and the severance benefits
consisting of:

(i)a
cash payment in an amount which shall equal two (2) times the sum of (x) the Executives Base Salary, plus (y) the
Executives Average Annual Bonus, which shall be payable in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination;
and

(ii)if
the Executive timely elects continuation of group insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA, or under Cal COBRA, the Company will pay to
Executive an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the COBRA premiums for a period of 24 months from the Date of
Termination, which amount shall be included in Executives income for tax purposes to the extent required by applicable law.
After such expiration of the 24 month period, the Executive and the Executives dependents shall have such rights to continue
to participate under the Companys group insurance coverage specified in Section 3.3(b) of this Agreement at
the Executives expense to the extent available under the terms of the plan or benefit and applicable law. The Executive
agrees to notify the Company as soon as practicable, but not less than 10 business days in advance of the commencement of comparable
insurance coverage with another insurance carrier. The Companys obligation for the 24 month period specified herein with
respect to the foregoing benefits shall be limited to the extent that the Executive obtains any such benefits pursuant to a
subsequent employers benefit plans, in which case the Company may reduce the coverage of any benefits it is required to
provide the Executive hereunder so long as the aggregate coverage and benefits of the combined benefit plans of the new employer are
not substantially less favorable to the Executive than the coverage and benefits required to be provided hereunder.

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision
of this Agreement, if any part or all of the severance benefits is subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, as determined
by the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, then the severance payment shall be subject
to modification as set forth hereafter in Section 7 of this Agreement.

The Executive acknowledges and agrees that severance
benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) are in lieu of all damages, payments and liabilities on account of the events
described above for which such severance benefits may be due the Executive under Section 6.2(b) of this Agreement. This
Section 6.2(b) shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Company and their respective successors
and assigns.

9

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) in
the event the Executives termination of employment results from an occurrence described in Section 6.1(a), Section 6.1(b) or
Section 6.1(c).

(c)Death.
If the Executives employment terminates by reason of the Executives death, this Agreement shall terminate without further
obligations to the Executives legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and any
incentive compensation for the year in which the death occurred prorated through the Date of Termination. Accrued Obligations shall be
paid to the Executives estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination;
provided, however, that payment may be deferred until the Executives executor or personal representative has been appointed and
qualified pursuant to the laws in effect in the Executives jurisdiction of residence at the time of the Executives death.
The Executives estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits
provided by the Company to the estate and beneficiaries of other executives in comparable positions with the Company under such plans,
programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect on the date of the Executives death.

(d)Disability.
If the Executives employment terminates during the Term by reason of the Executives Disability, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations, and any incentive compensation
for the year in which the termination occurs prorated through the Date of Termination and any benefits under such plans, programs, practices
and policies relating to disability benefits, if any, as in effect on the Date of Termination.

(e)Cause/Voluntary
Termination. If the Executives employment terminates for Cause, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations
to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations. If the Executives employment terminates
due to the Executives voluntarily termination of this Agreement, except as provided in clause (y) of the first paragraph
of Section 6.2(b), this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation
to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations.

(f)Single
Trigger Event. The provisions for payments contained in this Section 6.2 may be triggered only once during the term of
this Agreement, so that, for example, should the Executive be terminated without Cause and should there thereafter be a Change of Control,
then the Executive would be entitled to be paid only under Section 6.2(a) and not under Section 6.2(b) as
well. In addition, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance benefits of any kind from any parent, subsidiary or other
affiliated entity of the Company if in connection with the same event or series of events the payments provided for in this Section 6.2
has been triggered.

7.Section 409A Limitation. It is the intention of the Company
and the Executive that the severance benefits payable to the Executive under Section 6.2 either be exempt from, or
otherwise comply with, Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Code.

Notwithstanding any other term or provision of
this Agreement, to the extent that any provision of this Agreement is determined by the Company or the Company, with the advice of its
independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, to be subject to and not in compliance with Section 409A, including, without
limitation, the definition of Change of Control or the timing of commencement and completion of severance benefits and/or other benefit
payments to the Executive hereunder, or the amount of any such payments, such provisions shall be interpreted in the manner required
to exempt the benefit from or to comply with Section 409A. The Company, the Bank and the Executive acknowledge and agree that such
interpretation could, among other matters, (i) limit the circumstances or events that constitute a change in control;
(ii) delay for a period of 6 months or more, or otherwise modify the commencement of severance and/or other benefit payments; (iii) modify
the completion date of severance and/or (iv) other benefit payments and/or reduce the amount of the benefit otherwise provided.

10

The Company, Bank and the Executive further acknowledge
and agree that if, in the judgment of the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, amendment
of this Agreement is necessary to exempt the benefits from or to comply with Section 409A, the Company and the Executive will negotiate
reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of this Agreement to the extent necessary so that it exempts the benefits from or to
comply with Section 409A (with the most limited possible economic effect on the Bank, the Company and the Executive). A termination
of employment will not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts
or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within
the meaning of Section 409A, and for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination,
termination of employment or like terms will mean separation from service. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning
under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered deferred compensation
under Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, such payment or benefit will not be made or provided
until the date that is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of such separation
from service of Executive, and (B) the date of Executives death, to the extent required under Section 409A. Upon
the expiration of the foregoing delay period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this section (whether they would have otherwise
been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) will be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum,
and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement will be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates
specified for them herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Executive and the Executives dependents shall not be denied
access to and participation in any health or medical insurance coverage and benefits, for any period of time the Executive and the Executives
dependents are otherwise eligible, and (b) the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company or the Bank shall have the exclusive
authority to determine whether the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i).
To the extent that reimbursements or other in-kind benefits under this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation
for purposes of Section 409A, (A) all expenses or other reimbursements hereunder will be made on or before the last day of
the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by Executive, (B) any right to reimbursement or
in-kind benefits will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (C) no such reimbursement, expenses eligible
for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided in any taxable year will in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or
in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year. For the purposes of Section 409A, the Executives right to receive
any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement is treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments.

8.Assignment. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the Bank and the Company and any of their respective successors and assigns. In view of the personal nature of the
services to be performed under this Agreement by the Executive, the Executive will not have the right to assign or transfer any of
Executives rights, obligations or benefits under this Agreement. The Bank and the Company will require any successor (whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of
the Bank or the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Bank and the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement,
Bank or the Company shall mean the Bank or the Company, as applicable, as hereinbefore defined and any
successor to the Companys or Banks business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this
Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

11

9.Specific Performance. The Executive hereby represents and agrees
that the services to be performed under the terms of this Agreement are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, and
intellectual character that gives them a peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages
in an action at law. The Executive therefore expressly agrees that the Bank and the Company, in addition to any other rights or
remedies that the Bank and the Company may possess, shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or remedy
a breach of this Agreement by the Executive.

10. Loyalty,
Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation by the Executive.

(a)Definitions.
The term Trade Secrets shall be given its broadest possible interpretation and shall mean any information, including
formulas, patterns, compilations, financial reports, customer records, marketing or financial programs, devices, methods, know- how,
negative know-how, techniques, , discoveries, ideas, concepts, designs, technical information, drawings, data, customer and supplier
lists, information regarding customers, buyers and suppliers, distribution techniques, production processes, research and development
projects, marketing plans, general financial information and financial information concerning customers, the Companys or the Banks
legal, business and financial structure and operations, and other confidential and proprietary information or processes which (i) derive
independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic
value from its disclosure or use and (ii) are the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its
secrecy.

The term Proprietary Information
shall also be given its broadest possible interpretation and shall mean any and all information disclosed or made available by the
Company or the Bank to the Executive including, without limitation, any information upon which the Companys or the Banks
business or success depends, and including any and all information constituting, incorporating, referencing or derived from the financial,
personal or business information of the Banks customers.

(b)The
Executive shall not, during the term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, either as an employee, employer, consultant, agent,
principal, stockholder (except as permitted in Section 1.2 of
this Agreement), officer, director, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage or participate in any competitive
banking or financial services business without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company.

(c)Following
termination of this Agreement and the Executives employment hereunder, the Executive shall not use any Trade Secret or Proprietary
Information of the Bank or the Company or their affiliates and subsidiaries to solicit, directly, indirectly or in any manner whatsoever,
(i) any employee of the Bank, the Company or their affiliates and subsidiaries (including any former employee who voluntarily terminated
employment with the Bank or the Company within a 12 month period prior to the Executives termination of employment) to resign
or to apply for or accept employment with any other competitive banking or financial services business within the counties in California
in which the Bank has located its headquarters or branch offices; or (ii) any customer, person or entity that has a business relationship
with the Bank during the 12 month period prior to the Executives termination of employment with the Company, to terminate such
business relationship and engage in a business relationship with any other competitive banking or financial services business within
the counties in California in which the Bank has located its headquarters or branch offices.

12

11.Disclosure
of Information. The Executive shall not, at any time or in any manner, directly or indirectly, either before or after termination
of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company or except as required by law to comply
with legal process including, without limitation, by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena,
civil investigative demand or similar process, use for the Executives own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity,
or otherwise disclose or communicate to any person or entity including, without limitation, the media or by way of the World Wide Web,
any information concerning any Trade Secret or Proprietary Information of the Company or the Bank. The Executive further recognizes and
acknowledges that any Trade Secrets concerning any customers of the Bank or the Company and their respective affiliates and subsidiaries,
as it may exist from time to time, is strictly confidential and is a valuable, special and unique asset of the Banks and the Companys
business. In the event the Executive is required by law to disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information, the Executive will provide
the Bank and the Company, and their counsel with immediate notice of such request so that they may consider seeking a protective order.
If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, the Executive is nonetheless, in the written opinion of
knowledgeable counsel, compelled to disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information to any tribunal or any other party or else stand
liable for contempt or suffer other material censure or material penalty, then the Executive may disclose (on an as needed
basis only) such information to such tribunal or other party without liability hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive
may disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information as may be required by any regulatory agency having jurisdiction over the operations
of the Bank or the Company in connection with an examination of the Bank or the Company or other proceeding conducted by such regulatory
agency. Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly
liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence
to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose
of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or
other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, the DTSA provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation
by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney for the individual and the use
of trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (y) files any document containing the trade secret under
seal; and (z) does not disclosure the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

12.Written,
Printed or Electronic Material. All written, printed or electronic material, notebooks and records including, without limitation,
computer disks, cloud-based storage, smartphone, iPhone, iPad (or similar devices) or lap top used by the Executive in performing duties
for the Company, other than the Executives personal address lists, telephone
lists, notes and diaries, are and shall remain the sole property of the Company. Upon termination of employment, the Executive shall
promptly return all such material (including all copies, extracts and summaries thereof) to the Company. Following any termination of
this Agreement, the Company may require Executive to submit to a review of electronic devices and email, messaging and social media accounts
remaining in Executives possession or accessible to them, which may, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, contain
or incorporate Proprietary Information. Any such review shall be conducted by a reputable forensic information technology specialist
selected by the Company with the consent of Executive, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The
costs of any such review shall be borne solely by the Company. In connection with such a review, the forensic information technology
specialist shall be instructed (i) to locate and securely delete any and all Proprietary Information, (ii) to report to the
Company on the nature of any such information, and (iii) to preserve and avoid the deletion or disclosure of any information located
on such devices which is not clearly Proprietary Information.

13

13. Miscellaneous.

13.1Notice.
For the purposes of this Agreement, all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder (each,
a Notice) shall be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or to such other address
that may be designated by the receiving party from time to time in accordance with this Section). All Notices shall be delivered by personal
delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier (with all fees pre-paid), or email (with confirmation of transmission), or certified
or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage pre-paid). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, a Notice
is effective only (a) upon receipt by the receiving party, and (b) if the party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements
of this Section.

Company: HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP

224 Airport Parkway

San Jose, CA 95110

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Clay.Jones@herbank.com

Bank: HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE

224 Airport Parkway

San Jose, CA 95110

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Clay.Jones@herbank.com

Executive: Janisha Sabnani

224 Airport Parkway

San Jose, CA 95110

13.2Amendments
or Additions. Except as expressly provided in Section 3.2(c), no amendment, modification or additions to this Agreement shall
be binding unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

13.3Section Headings.
The section headings used in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not affect, or be used in connection with,
the interpretation of this Agreement.

13.4Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.

13.5Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but both of which together will constitute
one and the same instrument.

13.6Mediation.
Prior to engaging in any legal or equitable litigation or other dispute resolution process, regarding any of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement between the parties, or concerning the subject matter of the Agreement between the parties, or concerning Executives
employment with the Company, each party specifically agrees to engage in good faith, in a mediation process at the expense of the Bank
or the Company, complying with the procedures provided for under California Evidence Code Sections 1115 through and including 1125, as
then currently in effect. The parties further and specifically agree to use their best efforts to reach a mutually agreeable resolution
of the matter. The parties understand and specifically agree that should any party to this Agreement refuse to participate in mediation
for any reason, the other party will be entitled to seek a court order to enforce this provision in any court of appropriate jurisdiction
requiring the dissenting party to attend, participate, and to make a good faith effort in the mediation process to reach a mutually agreeable
resolution of the matter.

13.7Arbitration.
To the extent not resolved through mediation as provided in Section 13.6, all claims, disputes and other matters in question
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the employment of Executive, any termination of the Executives employment, the enforcement
or interpretation of this Agreement, or because of an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions
of this Agreement, including (without limitation) any state or federal statutory claims, shall be resolved by binding arbitration in
accordance with the Companys and the Banks Agreement to Binding Arbitration, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated
herein by reference.

14

13.8Attorneys
Fees. In the event of litigation, arbitration or any other action or proceeding between the parties to interpret or enforce this
Agreement, or any part thereof or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs related to
such action or proceeding and its reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and expert witnesses incurred by such party in connection
with any such action or proceedings. The prevailing party shall be deemed to be the party which obtains substantially the relief sought
by final resolution, compromise or settlement, or as may otherwise be determined by order of a court of competent jurisdiction in the
event of litigation, an award or decision of an arbitrator in the event of arbitration.

13.9Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and the Companys and Banks Agreement to binding Arbitration supersedes any and all agreements,
either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company and the Bank and contains
all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company. Each party to
this Agreement acknowledges that no other representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by
any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not set forth herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise
not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.

13.10Waiver.
The failure of a party to insist on strict compliance with any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by
another party shall not be deemed a waiver of any term, provision, covenant, or condition, individually or in the aggregate, unless such
waiver is in writing, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time or times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment
of that right or power for all or any other times.

13.11Severability.
If any provision in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be invalid, void, or unenforceable,
the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. Any provision
of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid
or unenforceable.

13.12Interpretation.
This Agreement shall be construed without regard to the party responsible for the preparation of the Agreement and shall be deemed to
have been prepared jointly by the parties. Any ambiguity or uncertainty existing in this Agreement shall not be interpreted against any
party, but according to the application of other rules of contract interpretation, if an ambiguity or uncertainty exists.

13.13Governing
Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. The laws of the State of California, other than those laws denominated choice of law rules, shall govern
the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. Any action which in any way involves the rights, duties and obligations of the
parties hereunder and is not resolved by binding arbitration as provided for in this Agreement shall be brought in the courts of the
State of California and venue for any action or proceeding shall be in Santa Clara County or in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California, and the parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of said courts. Such jurisdiction is
mandatory and not elective, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives the right to bring any such action in any other forum or
to seek removal of such action to another forum on the grounds of forum non conveniens or otherwise; however, nothing herein is
intended to supersede the Companys and the Companys Agreement to Binding Arbitration.

13.14Payments
Due to Deceased Executive. If the Executive dies prior to the expiration of the term of the Executives employment (except
termination resulting from such death), any payments that may be due the Executive from the Bank or the Company under this Agreement
as of the date of death shall be paid to the Executives heirs, beneficiaries, successors, permitted assigns or transferees, executors,
administrators, trustees, or any other legal or personal representatives.

15

13.15Effect
of Termination on Certain Provisions. Upon the termination of this Agreement, the obligations of the Bank, the Company and
the Executive hereunder shall cease except to the extent of the Banks or the Companys obligation to make payments, if any,
to or for the benefit of the Executive following termination, and provided that this Section 13.15 and Section 4,
Section 6.2, Section 7, Section 8, Section 9, Section 10, Section 11,
Section 13.7, Section 13.13 and Section 13.14 shall remain in full force and effect.

13.16Advice
of Counsel and Advisors. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that they haveread
and understandthe terms and provisions of this Agreement and prior
to signing this Agreement, they havehad the advice of counsel
and/or such other advisors as they deemed appropriate in connection with theirreview
and analysis of such terms and provisions of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto
has executed this Agreement on the date first indicated above.

COMPANY

HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP,

a California bank holding company

By: /s/ Robertson Clay Jones

Name: Robertson Clay Jones

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Chief Executive Officer

BANK

HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE,

a California banking corporation

By: /s/ Robertson Clay Jones

Name: Robertson Clay Jones

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE

By: /s/ Janisha Sabnani

Janisha Sabnani

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

RELEASE AGREEMENT

This Release Agreement (the Release
Agreement) is entered into by and between (Employee),
on the one hand, and HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE, a California banking corporation (the Bank) and HERITAGE COMMERCE
CORP., a California bank holding company (the Company), on the other hand.

RECITALS

A.Employee,
the Company and the Bank entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of ,
and any amendments thereto (the Employment Agreement).

B.Employees
employment with the Company and the Bank is terminated effective (Termination Date).

C.A
condition precedent to certain of the Companys and the Banks obligations under Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b),
as applicable, of the Employment Agreement is the execution of this Release Agreement by Employee.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which
is hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree and covenant as follows:

A. General
Release.

In consideration for the
payments and benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b), as applicable of the Employment Agreement, Employee
agrees to unconditionally, irrevocably, and forever fully release, waive, and discharge the Bank and the Company, and each and all of
their past, present, and future parent companies, subsidiaries, related entities, affiliates, predecessors, successors, assigns, officers,
directors, managers, employees, members, shareholders, owners, representatives, attorneys, insurers, reinsurers, and agents (and the
past, present, and future officers, directors, managers, employees, members, shareholders, owners, representatives, attorneys, insurers,
reinsurers, and agents of any such parent companies, subsidiaries, related entities, affiliates, predecessors, successors, and assigns)
(collectively the Released Parties) from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action, suits, demands,
contracts, agreements, obligations, losses, compensation, wages, penalties, liabilities, rights, and damages of any kind or nature whatsoever,
whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, which Employee ever had, now has or may claim to have against any or all of the Released
Parties for, upon or by reason of any fact, matter, injury, incident, circumstance, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of
time up to and including the date of Employees execution of this Release Agreement, including, without limitation, any claim or
obligation arising from or in any way related to Employees employment with the Bank or the Company, the termination of that employment,
or an alleged breach of the Employment Agreement.

This General Release specifically
includes, but is not limited to, any claim for discrimination or violation of any statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances, whether
federal, state or local, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act,
the Reconstruction Era Civil Rights Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code, the California Business
and Professions Code, the California constitution, and any claims at common law.

Employee further knowingly
and willingly agrees to waive the provisions and protections of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT
EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE
TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, AND THAT IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR
OR RELEASED PARTY.

A-1

This General Release covers
not only any and all claims by Employee against the Bank and the Company, and the other persons and entities released in this General
Release, but, to the extent permitted by applicable law, it also covers any claim for damages or reinstatement asserted on Employees
behalf by any other person or entity, including, without limitation, any government agency, and Employee expressly waives the right to
any such damages or reinstatement. This General Release does not include any claims that cannot lawfully be waived or released by Employee.

B.
Revocation Period. Employee, the Bank and the Company acknowledge and agree that (i)
Employee has twenty-one (21) days from Employees receipt of this Release Agreement in which
to consider its terms (including, without limitation, Employees release and waiver of any and all claims under the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act) before executing it, although Employee may execute this Release Agreement earlier if Employee chooses (but not
earlier than Employees Termination Date), (ii) Employee will
have seven (7) days after Employees execution of this Release Agreement in which to revoke this Release Agreement (including,
without limitation, Employees release and waiver of any and all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act), in which
event a written notice of revocation must be received by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company before the expiration of this seven
(7) day revocation period, and (iii) this Release Agreement will not become effective and enforceable until this seven (7) day
period has expired without revocation by Employee.

Employee and the Bank and
the Company further acknowledge and agree that the payments and benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b),
as applicable of the Agreement will not be made, the Release Agreement will become null and void, unless and until each of the following
four conditions are satisfied: (a) Employee executes the Release Agreement within twenty-one (21) days after receiving it, (b) Employee
returns the executed Release Agreement to the Company no later than five (5) working days after executing it, (c) the Release
Agreement by its terms becomes effective and enforceable after the seven (7) day revocation period specified in the preceding paragraph
has expired without revocation by Employee, and (d) Employee returns all materials (pursuant to Section 12 of the Employment
Agreement) to the Company no later than five (5) days after the Termination Date.

C. Representations
By Employee.

Employee represents and agrees
that, prior to Employees execution of this Release Agreement, Employee has been informed by the Bank and the Company of Employees
right to consult with legal counsel regarding the terms of this Release Agreement during the 21 day review period in Paragraph B above,
that Employee has had the opportunity to discuss the terms of this Release Agreement with legal counsel of Employees choosing,
and that the Bank and the Company by this writing is encouraging Employee to seek this advice of legal counsel.

D. Miscellaneous.

1. Entire
Agreement. Except for the Employment Agreement, this Release Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between Employee, on the one
hand, and the Bank and the Company, on the other hand, regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all agreements, either
oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party to this Release Agreement acknowledges
that no other representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting
on behalf of any party, which are not set forth herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Release
Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.

A-2

2. Severability.
If any provision in this Release Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be invalid, void, or unenforceable,
the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. Any provision
of this Release Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not
held invalid or unenforceable.

3. Attorneys
Fees. In the event of litigation, arbitration or any other action or proceeding between the parties to interpret or enforce this
Agreement, or any part thereof or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs related to
such action or proceeding and its reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and expert witnesses incurred by such party in connection
with any such action or proceedings. The prevailing party shall be deemed to be the party which obtains substantially the relief sought
by final resolution, compromise or settlement, or as may otherwise be determined by order of a court of competent jurisdiction in the
event of litigation, an award or decision of an arbitrator in the event of arbitration.

A-3

The undersigned agree to the terms of this Release
Agreement and voluntarily enter into it with the intent to be bound hereby.

EMPLOYEE HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Release Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm254986d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Heritage Commerce
Corp and Heritage Bank of Commerce Announce Appointment of Janisha Sabnani as General Counsel

San Jose, California February 3, 2025-- Heritage
Commerce Corp (NASDAQ: HTBK) (Company), parent company of Heritage Bank of Commerce (Bank), today announced
the appointment of Janisha Sabnani as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company and the Bank. As General Counsel, Ms. Sabnani
will report directly to Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Robertson Clay Jones and will have primary responsibility
for advising executive management, directors, and business unit executives on all legal and regulatory matters. With over fifteen years
experience in financial services and private practice, Ms. Sabnani brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise to our team.

We are fortunate to have Janisha join us. Her diverse experience
includes advising on public company reporting, capital markets activities, corporate governance, bank products, mergers and acquisitions,
bank investments, regulatory matters, and compliance, said CEO Clay Jones. She is a great addition to our leadership team,
and I believe that she will be instrumental in our future success.

Prior to joining Heritage Bank of Commerce, Ms. Sabnani held a
progression of roles at First Republic Bank, culminating as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel & Assistant Secretary.
Ms. Sabnani also spent several years in private practice as a corporate attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom,
LLP. She also served in a variety of advisory and board roles in Northern California, including with The BASIC Fund and Martha Stoumen
Wines. Ms. Sabnani holds a J.D. from the New York University School of Law, an M.B.A. from the New York University Leonard Stern
School of Business, and a B.A. in Political Science and Mass Communications from the University of California, Berkeley.

Heritage Commerce Corp, a bank holding company established
in October 1997, is the parent company of Heritage Bank of Commerce, established in 1994 and headquartered in San Jose, CA with
full-service branches in Danville, Fremont, Gilroy, Hollister, Livermore, Los Altos, Los Gatos, Morgan Hill, Oakland, Palo Alto, Pleasanton,
Redwood City, San Francisco, San Jose, San Mateo, San Rafael, and Walnut Creek. Heritage Bank of Commerce is an SBA Preferred Lender.
Bay View Funding, a subsidiary of Heritage Bank of Commerce, is based in San Jose, CA and provides business-essential working capital
factoring financing to various industries throughout the United States. For more information, please visit www.heritagecommercecorp.com.

Member FDIC

For additional information, contact:

Debbie Reuter

EVP, Corporate Secretary

Direct: (408) 494-4542

Debbie.Reuter@herbank.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>htbk-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>htbk-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>htbk-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm254986d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm254986d1_ex99-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 000-23877

Entity Registrant Name HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP

Entity Central Index Key 0001053352

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0469558

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CA

Entity Address, Address Line One 224
Airport Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95110

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 947-6900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, No Par Value

Trading Symbol HTBK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://heritagecommercecorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

htbk-20250203.xsd 
htbk-20250203_lab.xml 
htbk-20250203_pre.xml 
tm254986d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-008654-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm254986d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001053352 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001053352 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP 
CA 
000-23877 
77-0469558 
224 Airport Parkway 
San Jose 
CA 
95110 
408 
947-6900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, No Par Value 
HTBK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>