<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-020020.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-020020.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204160602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-020020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001193311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				752967830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-100240
		FILM NUMBER:		25588142

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 WOODALL RODGERS FWY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-486-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1616 WOODALL RODGERS FWY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TXU ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040714

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020926
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d844165d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLCDEfalse000119331100011933112025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) - January 30, 2025

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 333-100240 75-2967830

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1616 Woodall Rodgers Fwy., Dallas, Texas75202

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code - (214)486-2000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 1.01 

ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT. 

On January 30, 2025, Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (Oncor) entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement) with the purchasers named therein, which provides for the issuance by Oncor of certain senior secured notes. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, on January 30, 2025, Oncor issued $250 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.15% Senior Secured Notes, Series H, due May 1, 2029 (the Series H Notes). Oncor used the proceeds from the sale of the Series H Notes for general corporate purposes, including to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper notes issued under its commercial paper program. The Note Purchase Agreement also provides for, subject to the satisfaction of the certain customary closing conditions specified therein, Oncors future issuance of $150 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.59% Senior Secured Notes, Series I, due May 1, 2034 (the Series I Notes) on February 25, 2025 (or such other business day on or prior to February 28, 2025 as may be agreed upon by Oncor and the purchasers of the Series I Notes). 

The Series H Notes were, and the Series I Notes will be, sold under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Series H Notes or the Series I Notes (collectively, the Notes). 

Oncors obligations under the Series H Notes are, and its obligations under the Series I Notes will be, secured by a lien on all property acquired or constructed by Oncor for the transmission and distribution of electric energy, mortgaged as described under the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing (as amended, the Deed of Trust), dated as of May 15, 2008, from Oncor to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank of New York), as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent). 

The Series H Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.15% per annum and mature on May 1, 2029. Interest on the Series H Notes will accrue from January 30, 2025 and will be payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2025. When issued, the Series I Notes will bear interest at a rate of 5.59% per annum and mature on May 1, 2034. Interest on the Series I Notes will accrue from the date of their issuance in February and will be payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2025. 

The Note Purchase Agreement provides for optional prepayment and in certain situations make-whole payments with respect to each series of the Notes. The Note Purchase Agreement also contains customary covenants, restricting, subject to certain exceptions, Oncor from, among other things, entering into mergers and consolidations, and sales of substantial assets. In addition, the Note Purchase Agreement requires that Oncor maintain a consolidated senior debt to consolidated total capitalization ratio of no greater than 0.65 to 1.00 and observe certain customary reporting requirements and other affirmative covenants. 

The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary events of default, including the failure to pay principal or interest on the Notes when due, among others. If any such event of default occurs and is continuing, among other remedies provided in the Note Purchase Agreement, the outstanding principal of the Notes may be declared due and payable. 

A copy of the Deed of Trust was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2008, the First Amendment to the Deed of Trust, dated March 2, 2009, between Oncor and the Collateral Agent was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 10-K filed March 3, 2009, the Second Amendment to the Deed of Trust, dated September 3, 2010, between Oncor and the Collateral Agent was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 8-K filed September 3, 2010, and the Third Amendment to the Deed of Trust, dated November 10, 2011, between Oncor and the Collateral Agent was filed by Oncor as an exhibit to its Form 8-K filed November 15, 2011, which are incorporated by reference herein. The Note Purchase Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The above descriptions of the Deed of Trust, as amended, and the Note Purchase Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Deed of Trust and Note Purchase Agreement, respectively. Certain of the purchasers of the Notes and their respective affiliates have, from time to time, performed various commercial banking services for Oncor and certain of its affiliates for which they have received customary fees and expenses. 

ITEM 2.03 

CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT. 

As previously reported, in April 2023, Oncor entered into a revolving accounts receivable securitization facility (the AR Facility) with MUFG Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent (MUFG). In connection with the AR Facility, Oncor contributes all of its existing, and has committed to continue to contribute or sell all of its future, accounts receivable from retail electric providers and certain related rights to Receivables LLC (as defined below) pursuant to the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023 (the Sale Agreement), among Oncor, any additional originators from time to time party thereto and Oncor Receivables LLC, a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oncor (Receivables LLC). Pursuant to the Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2023 (as amended, the Receivables Financing Agreement), among Oncor, Receivables LLC, MUFG and certain lenders and group agents from time to time party thereto, Receivables LLC will obtain loans from the lenders secured by all of Receivables LLCs assets, including the receivables and related rights that it owns. The aggregate amount available for borrowing at any one time under the AR Facility is limited to the lesser of the facility limit of $500 million and the borrowing base amount calculated based on the outstanding balance of eligible receivables held as collateral, subject to certain reserves, concentration limits, and other limitations. 

On January 30, 2025, $300 million aggregate principal amount was borrowed under the AR Facility. The proceeds from this borrowing were used for general corporate purposes, including to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper notes issued under Oncors commercial paper program. Following this borrowing, $300 million aggregate principal amount is currently outstanding under the AR Facility. The AR Facility will terminate at the earlier of (i) the scheduled termination date of April 28, 2027, (ii) the date on which the termination date is declared or deemed to have occurred upon the exercise of remedies by MUFG as set forth in the Receivables Financing Agreement, or (iii) the date that is 30 days after notice of termination is provided by Receivables LLC. Subject to the consent of MUFG and the lenders, Receivables LLC may, 30 days prior to each anniversary date of the Receivables Financing Agreement, extend the AR Facility in one-year increments.

Borrowings under the AR Facility bear interest at (i) the daily cost of asset-backed commercial paper issued by the conduit lenders to fund the loans, plus related dealer commissions and note issuance costs or (ii) if funded by the committed lenders, at a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) calculated based on term SOFR for a one-month interest period, plus 0.10%. Receivables LLC also pays a used and unused fee in connection with the AR Facility. 

Receivables LLCs sole business consists of the purchase or acceptance through capital contributions of the receivables and related rights from Oncor and the subsequent retransfer of or granting of a security interest in such receivables and related rights to MUFG as administrative agent for the benefit of the lenders pursuant to the Receivables Financing Agreement. Receivables LLC is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, upon its liquidation, to have amounts owed to them be satisfied out of Receivables LLCs assets prior to any assets or value in Receivables LLC becoming available to Receivables LLCs equity holder. The assets of Receivables LLC are not available to pay creditors of Oncor or any affiliate thereof. 

Additional details regarding the AR Facility, the Receivables Financing Agreement and the Sale Agreement are contained in Item 1.01 and Item 2.03 of Oncors Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 28, 2023 and Item 1.01 of Oncors Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2024 (collectively, the Prior 8-Ks) and are incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing discussion of the terms of the AR Facility, the Receivables Financing Agreement and the Sale Agreement are not complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the Receivables Financing Agreement and Sale Agreement filed as exhibits to the Prior 8-Ks.

The information provided in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

ITEM 9.01 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, among Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and the purchasers named therein for Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLCs 5.15% Senior Secured Notes, Series H, due May 1, 2029 and 5.59% Senior Secured Notes, Series I, due May 1, 2034. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By: 

/s/ Kevin R. Fease

Name: Kevin R. Fease

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Dated: February 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d844165dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

$250,000,000 5.15% Senior Secured Notes, Series H, due May 1, 2029 

$150,000,000 5.59% Senior Secured Notes, Series I, due May 1, 2034 

NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated as of January 30, 2025 

TABLEOF CONTENTS

SECTION HEADING PAGE 

SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATIONOF NOTES 1 

SECTION 2. SALEAND PURCHASEOF NOTES 1 

SECTION 3. CLOSINGS 2 

Section 3.1. January Closing 2 

Section 3.2. February Closing 2 

SECTION 4. CONDITIONSTO CLOSING 3 

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties 3 

Section 4.2. Performance; No Default 3 

Section 4.3. [Reserved] 3 

Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel 3 

Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted By Applicable Law, Etc. 3 

Section 4.6. Sale of Other Notes 4 

Section 4.7. [Reserved] 4 

Section 4.8. Private Placement Numbers 4 

Section 4.9. Changes in Structure 4 

Section 4.10. Funding Instructions 4 

Section 4.11. Proceedings and Documents 4 

Section 4.12. Deed of Trust 5 

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIESOFTHE COMPANY 5 

Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority 5 

Section 5.2. Authorization, Etc. 5 

Section 5.3. Disclosure 6 

Section 5.4. Subsidiaries 6 

Section 5.5. Financial Statements 6 

Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, Etc. 6 

Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, Etc. 7 

Section 5.8. Litigation 7 

Section 5.9. Taxes 7 

Section 5.10. Title to Property; Deed of Trust 7 

Section 5.11. [Reserved] 8 

Section 5.12. Compliance with Employee Benefit Plans 8 

Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company 9 

Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 9 

Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness 9 

Section 5.16. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 10 

Section 5.17. Status under Certain Statutes 10 

Section 5.18. Environmental Matters 10 

-i- 

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONSOFTHE PURCHASERS 10 

Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment 10 

Section 6.2. Source of Funds 11 

Section 6.3. Separateness of the Company from its Owners 12 

SECTION 7. INFORMATIONASTO COMPANY 12 

Section 7.1. Financial and Business Information 12 

Section 7.2. [Reserved] 14 

Section 7.3. Visitation 14 

Section 7.4. [Reserved] 14 

SECTION 8. PAYMENT AND PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES 15 

Section 8.1. Maturity 15 

Section 8.2. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount 15 

Section 8.3. Optional Prepayment 15 

Section 8.4. Allocation of Partial Prepayments 15 

Section 8.5. Maturity; Surrender, Etc. 16 

Section 8.6. Purchase of Notes 16 

Section 8.7. Make-Whole Amount 16 

Section 8.8. Payments Due on Non-Business Days 18 

SECTION 9. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 18 

Section 9.1. Compliance with Laws 18 

Section 9.2. Insurance 18 

Section 9.3. Maintenance of Properties 18 

Section 9.4. Payment of Taxes 18 

Section 9.5. Corporate Existence, Etc. 19 

Section 9.6. Payment of Special Counsel Fees 19 

Section 9.7. Books and Records 19 

SECTION 10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 19 

Section 10.1. Use of Proceeds 19 

Section 10.2. Consolidations, Mergers, Sales and Acquisitions of Assets and Investments in Subsidiaries 19 

Section 10.3. [Reserved] 21 

Section 10.4. [Reserved] 21 

Section 10.5. Limitation on Secured Debt 21 

Section 10.6. Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio 21 

SECTION 11. EVENTSOF DEFAULT 21 

-ii- 

SECTION 12. REMEDIESON DEFAULT, ETC. 22 

Section 12.1. Acceleration 22 

Section 12.2. Other Remedies 23 

Section 12.3. Rescission 23 

Section 12.4. No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, Etc. 23 

SECTION 13. REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE; SUBSTITUTIONOF NOTES 24 

Section 13.1. Registration of Notes 24 

Section 13.2. Transfer and Exchange of Notes 24 

Section 13.3. Replacement of Notes 25 

Section 13.4. Registrar 25 

SECTION 14. PAYMENTS ON NOTES 25 

Section 14.1. Place of Payment 25 

Section 14.2. Payment by Wire Transfer 25 

Section 14.3. FATCA Information 26 

SECTION 15. EXPENSES, ETC. 26 

Section 15.1. Transaction Expenses 26 

Section 15.2. Tax Withholding 27 

Section 15.3. Survival 27 

SECTION 16. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT 27 

SECTION 17. AMENDMENTAND WAIVER 28 

Section 17.1. Requirements 28 

Section 17.2. Solicitation of Holders of Notes 28 

Section 17.3. Binding Effect, Etc. 29 

Section 17.4. Notes Held by Company, Etc. 29 

SECTION 18. NOTICES 29 

SECTION 19. REPRODUCTIONOF DOCUMENTS 30 

SECTION 20. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 30 

SECTION 21. SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER 31 

SECTION 22. MISCELLANEOUS 31 

Section 22.1. Successors and Assigns 31 

Section 22.2. Accounting Terms 32 

Section 22.3. Severability 32 

Section 22.4. Construction, Etc. 32 

Section 22.5. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 33 

Section 22.6. Governing Law 33 

Section 22.7. Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial 33 

-iii- 

SCHEDULE A INFORMATION RELATINGTO PURCHASERS

SCHEDULE B DEFINED TERMS

SCHEDULE 1(A) FORMOF 5.15% SENIOR SECURED NOTE, SERIES H, DUE MAY 1, 2029 

SCHEDULE 1(B) FORMOF 5.59% SENIOR SECURED NOTE, SERIES I, DUE MAY 1, 2034

SCHEDULE 4.4(A) 

FORMOF OPINIONOF INTERNAL COUNSELFORTHE COMPANY

SCHEDULE 4.4(B) FORMOF OPINIONOF SPECIAL COUNSELFORTHE COMPANY

SCHEDULE 4.4(C) FORMOF OPINIONOF SPECIAL COUNSELFORTHE PURCHASERS

SCHEDULE 5.3 DISCLOSURE MATERIALS

SCHEDULE 5.5 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SCHEDULE 5.15 EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS

-iv- 

Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC 

1616 Woodall Rodgers Freeway 

Dallas, Texas 75202 

$250,000,000 5.15% Senior Secured Notes, Series H, due May 1, 2029 

$150,000,000 5.59% Senior Secured Notes, Series I, due May 1, 2034 

Dated as of January 30, 2025 

To Each of the
Purchasers Listed in 

Schedule A Hereto: 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Oncor Electric Delivery
Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with any successor thereto that becomes a party pursuant to Section 10.2 orSection 22.1, the
Company), agrees with each of the Purchasers as follows: 

SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATIONOF NOTES.

The Company will authorize the issue and sale of (i) 250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of
its 5.15% Senior Secured Notes, Series H, due May 1, 2029 (the Series H Notes) and (ii) $150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.59% Senior Secured Notes, Series I, due May 1, 2034 (the Series
I Notes and, together with the Series H Notes, as each may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to Section 17 and including any such notes issued in
substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13, the Notes). The Notes shall be substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 1(a) and Schedule 1(b), respectively,
and secured by a perfected first priority security interest and Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on the Mortgaged Property ratably with the Secured Parties. Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in Schedule
B. References to a Schedule are references to a Schedule attached to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. References to a Section are references to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. For
purposes of this Agreement, the rules of construction set forth in Section 22.4 shall govern. 

SECTION 2. SALEAND PURCHASEOF NOTES.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company will issue and sell to each Purchaser and each Purchaser will purchase from
the Company, at the applicable Closing provided for in Section 3, Notes in the principal amount specified opposite such Purchasers name in Schedule A at the purchase price of 100% of
the principal amount thereof. The Purchasers obligations hereunder are several and not joint obligations and no Purchaser shall have any liability to any Person for the performance or non-performance of
any obligation by any other Purchaser hereunder. 

SECTION 3. CLOSINGS. 

Section 3.1. January Closing. The sale and purchase of $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Series H Notes to be purchased by each applicable Purchaser of the Series H Notes shall occur at the offices of the Company, 1616 Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75202, at 10:00 a.m., Dallas, Texas time, at a closing (the January
Closing) on January 30, 2025 or on such other Business Day thereafter on or prior to January 30, 2025 as may be agreed upon by the Company and the Purchasers of the Series H Notes. At the January Closing, the
Company will deliver to each Purchaser the Series H Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser in the form of a single Series H Note (or such greater number of Series H Notes in denominations of at least $100,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000
thereafter as such Purchaser may reasonably request), dated the date of the January Closing and registered in such Purchasers name (or in the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser to the Company or its order of immediately
available funds in the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account of the Company specified in the funding instructions letter provided pursuant to
Section 4.10 of this Agreement. If at the January Closing the Company shall fail to tender such Series H Notes to any Purchaser as provided above in this
Section 3.1, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 shall not have been fulfilled to such Purchasers satisfaction, such Purchaser shall, at
its election, be relieved of all further obligations under this Agreement, without thereby waiving any rights such Purchaser may have by reason of such failure by the Company to tender such Series H Notes or any of the conditions specified in
Section 4 not having been fulfilled to such Purchasers satisfaction. 

Section 3.2. February Closing. The sale and purchase of $150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the
Series I Notes to be purchased by each applicable Purchaser of the Series I Notes shall occur at the offices of the Company, 1616 Woodall Rodgers Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75202, at 10:00 a.m., Dallas, Texas time, at a closing (the February
Closing and, together with the January Closing, the Closings and each individually, a Closing) on February 25, 2025 or on such other Business Day thereafter on or prior to
February 28, 2025 as may be agreed upon by the Company and the Purchasers of the Series I Notes. At the February Closing, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser the Series I Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser in the form of a single
Series I Note (or such greater number of Series I Notes in denominations of at least $100,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 thereafter as such Purchaser may reasonably request), dated the date of the February Closing and registered in such
Purchasers name (or in the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the
bank account of the Company specified in the funding instructions letter provided pursuant to Section 4.10 of this Agreement. If at the February Closing the Company shall fail to tender such Series I
Notes to any Purchaser as provided above in this Section 3.2, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 shall not have been fulfilled to such
Purchasers satisfaction, such Purchaser shall, at its election, be relieved of all further obligations under this Agreement, without thereby waiving any rights such Purchaser may have by reason of such failure by the Company to tender such
Series I Notes or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 not having been fulfilled to such Purchasers satisfaction. 

-2- 

SECTION 4. CONDITIONSTO CLOSING. 

Each Purchasers obligation to purchase and pay for the Notes to be sold to such Purchaser at the applicable Closing is subject to the
fulfillment to such Purchasers reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the applicable Closing, of the following conditions: 

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this
Agreement and the other Note Documents executed by the Company in connection with this Agreement shall be correct when made and at such Closing. 

Section 4.2. Performance; No Default. The Company shall have performed and complied with all
agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement and the other Note Documents required to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the applicable Closing and from the date of this Agreement to the applicable Closing assuming that
Sections 9 and 10 are applicable from the date of this Agreement. From the date of this Agreement until the applicable Closing, before and after giving effect to the issue and sale of the Notes (and the application of the
proceeds thereof as contemplated by Section 5.14), no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Section 4.3. [Reserved]. 

Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel. Such Purchaser shall have received opinions in form and substance satisfactory to
such Purchaser, dated the date of the applicable Closing (a) from the Companys internal counsel, covering the matters set forth in Schedule 4.4(a) and covering such other matters incident to
the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request, (b) from Baker & McKenzie LLP, counsel for the Company, covering the matters set forth in
Schedule 4.4(b) and covering such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request (and the Company hereby instructs its counsel to
deliver such opinion to the Purchasers) and (c) from Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP, the Purchasers special counsel in connection with such transactions, covering the matters set forth in Schedule 4.4(c) and covering such other
matters incident to such transactions as such Purchaser may reasonably request. 

Section 4.5. Purchase
Permitted By Applicable Law, Etc. On the date of the applicable Closing, such Purchasers purchase of Notes shall (a) be permitted by the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction to which such Purchaser is subject, without
recourse to provisions (such as section 1405(a)(8) of the New York Insurance Law) permitting limited investments by insurance companies without restriction as to the character of the particular investment, (b) not violate any applicable
law or regulation (including Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) and (c) not subject such Purchaser to any tax, penalty or liability under or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation, which law or
regulation was not in effect on the date hereof. If requested by such Purchaser, such Purchaser shall have received an Officers Certificate certifying as to such matters of fact as such Purchaser may reasonably specify to enable such Purchaser
to determine whether such purchase is so permitted. 

-3- 

Section 4.6.Sale of Other Notes. Contemporaneously with the applicable
Closing, the Company shall sell to each other Purchaser and each other Purchaser shall purchase the Notes to be purchased by it at the applicable Closing as specified in Schedule A. 

Section 4.7. [Reserved]. 

Section 4.8. Private Placement Numbers. A Private Placement Number issued by Standard &
Poors CUSIP Service Bureau (in cooperation with the SVO) shall have been obtained for each series of Notes. 

Section 4.9. Changes in Structure. The Company shall not have changed its jurisdiction of formation or
been a party to any merger or consolidation or succeeded to all or any substantial part of the liabilities of any other entity at any time following the date of the most recent financial statements referred to in Schedule 5.5. 

Section 4.10. Funding Instructions. At least five Business Days prior to the date of the applicable Closing, each
Purchaser shall have received written instructions signed by a Responsible Officer on letterhead of the Company confirming (i) the name and address of the transferee bank, (ii) such transferee banks ABA number and (iii) the
account name and number into which the purchase price for the Notes is to be deposited. Each Purchaser has the right, but not the obligation, upon written notice (which may be by email) to the Company, to elect to deliver a micro deposit (less than
$51.00) to the account identified in the written instructions no later than two Business Days prior to the date of the applicable Closing. If a Purchaser delivers a micro deposit, an employee in the Companys Treasury group must verify the
receipt and amount of the micro deposit to such Purchaser either (1) by email or (2) verbally on a telephone call initiated by such Purchaser prior to the date of the applicable Closing. The Company shall not be obligated to return the
amount of the micro deposit, nor will the amount of the micro deposit be netted against the Purchasers purchase price of the Notes. 

Section 4.11. Proceedings and Documents. All limited liability company and other proceedings in connection with the
applicable Closing and all documents and instruments incident thereto shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser and its special counsel. Such Purchaser and its special counsel shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified
or other copies of such documents as such Purchaser or such special counsel may reasonably request in connection with the applicable Closing, including the following (each to be dated the date of the applicable Closing unless otherwise indicated):

(a) an Officers Certificate, dated the date of the applicable Closing, certifying that the conditions specified in Sections
4.1, 4.2 and 4.9 have been fulfilled; 

(b) the Notes to be issued to such Purchaser; 

(c) the certificate of formation of the Company, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and by the
Companys Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other authorized officer; 

(d) the limited liability company agreement of the Company,
certified by the Companys Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other authorized officer; 

-4- 

(e) an incumbency certificate signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary and one other
officer of the Company, certifying as to the names, titles and true signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to sign this Agreement, the Notes and the other Note Documents to be executed by the Company at the applicable Closing; 

(f) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company attaching resolutions of its board of directors evidencing approval
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Note Documents to be executed by the Company at the applicable Closing, and in each case, the execution, delivery and performance thereof, and authorizing certain officers to execute
and deliver the same, and certifying that such resolutions were duly and validly adopted and have not since been amended, revoked or rescinded; and 

(g) evidence of good standing as to the Company from all relevant jurisdictions. 

Section 4.12.Deed of Trust. The Company will provide evidence to such Purchaser that the documentation set forth in
Section 22.2 or Section 22.3 of the Deed of Trust, as applicable, that is necessary for the Obligations owing or to be owed to such Purchaser to become Additional Obligations under the Deed of Trust has been or will be
delivered to the Collateral Agent at the applicable Closing. 

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONSAND
WARRANTIESOFTHE COMPANY. 

The Company represents and warrants to each
Purchaser that: 

Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority. The Company (i) is a limited
liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to own its property and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and as
proposed to be conducted, (iii) is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where the failure so to qualify could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and
(iv) has the limited liability company power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes and the other Note Documents. 

Section 5.2. Authorization, Etc.

(a) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. This Agreement is a valid and binding instrument,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(b) The Deed of Trust has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation
of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights
generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and except to the extent that the law of the jurisdictions in which the Mortgaged Property is located may
limit or deny certain remedial provisions of the Deed of Trust. 

-5- 

(c) The Notes have been duly authorized by the Company for issuance to the Purchasers
pursuant to this Agreement and, when executed by the Company and delivered to the Purchasers against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company entitled to the
benefits of this Agreement and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other similar laws relating to
or affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

Section 5.3. Disclosure. The Company, through its agents, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and RBC
Capital Markets, LLC (the Agents), has delivered to each Purchaser a copy of an Investor Presentation, dated January 9, 2025 (the Presentation), relating to the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement, the Presentation, the financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5 and the documents, certificates or other writings delivered to the Purchasers by or on behalf of the Company prior to the date of this Agreement
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and identified in Schedule 5.3 (this Agreement, the Presentation, such financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5 and such documents, certificates or other writings
delivered to each Purchaser prior to the applicable Closing being referred to, collectively, as the Disclosure Documents), taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Documents, since December 31, 2023, there has been no change in the business,
assets, operations, properties or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.4. Subsidiaries. The Company does not have any Significant Subsidiaries. 

Section 5.5. Financial Statements. The Company has delivered to each Purchaser copies of the
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.5. All of such consolidated financial statements (including in each case the related schedules and notes) fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates specified in such Schedule and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods
so specified and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved except as set forth in the notes thereto (subject, in the case of any interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments). 

Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other
Instruments, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Notes and the other Note Documents will not (A) violate (x) any provision of (i) any Applicable Law to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, is subject or (ii) the certificate of formation or other constitutive documents (including the Companys limited liability company agreement) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (y) any
provision of any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company 

-6- 

or any of its property is or may be bound, or (B) be in conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any such indenture,
agreement or other instrument, other than in the case of clauses (A)(x)(i), (A)(y) and (B) of this Section 5.6, any such violation, breach or default that could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, Etc. No action, consent or approval of,
registration or filing with, or other action by, any Governmental Authority is or will be required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance and sale by the Company of the Notes. 

Section 5.8. Litigation. Except as set forth as such in the Disclosure Documents, there is no action,
suit or arbitral or governmental proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official (including,
without limitation, in respect of federal, state, local and other statutes, ordinances, orders, judgments, rulings and regulations relating to environmental pollution or environmental regulation or control) in which there is a reasonable possibility
of an adverse decision that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.9.
Taxes. Except where the failure of which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has filed all federal, state and local and non-U.S. income tax returns required to be filed by it and has paid all material taxes payable by it that have become due, other than those (i) not yet delinquent or (ii) contested in good faith as to
which adequate reserves have been provided to the extent required by law and in accordance with GAAP, (b) each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has provided adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP for the payment of all federal,
state, provincial and foreign taxes not yet due and payable and (c) each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has satisfied all of its tax withholding obligations. 

Section 5.10. Title to Property; Deed of Trust.

(a) The Company has good and indefeasible title to all real property owned by the Company which is necessary to the operation of the
Companys businesses as currently conducted and described in the Deed of Trust as subject to the Lien thereof, and good title to all other property owned by the Company which is necessary to the operation of the Companys businesses as
currently conducted and so described as subject to such Lien, except in each case where the failure to have such title could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and in each case subject only to Permitted Liens and such
other mortgages, deeds of trust, pledges, security interests, encumbrances, easements, leases, reservations, restrictions, servitudes, charges and similar rights and any other lien or impairment of any kind as could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Deed of Trust). 

(b) The Deed of Trust constitutes, and at each Closing the
Deed of Trust will constitute, a valid first Lien upon and security interest in the interest held by the Company in its property covered by the Deed of Trust securing all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and this Agreement,
including, without limitation, principal, interest, Make-Whole Amount, if any, 

-7- 

fees, expenses and all other obligations of the Company hereunder and under the Notes, subject to Permitted Liens and to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and general equitable principles. The Deed of Trust by its terms effectively subjects, and at and after each Closing the Deed of Trust by its terms will effectively subject, to the Lien thereof all Mortgaged Property
acquired by the Company after the date of the execution and delivery of the Deed of Trust, subject to no Lien prior to the Lien of the Deed of Trust except (i) Permitted Liens, (ii) any Lien thereon existing at the time of such
acquisition, (iii) any Lien for unpaid portions of the purchase price thereof placed thereon at the time of such acquisition, (iv) with respect to real property, any Lien placed thereon following the acquisition thereof by the Company and
prior to the recording and filing in the county or counties where such real property is located of a deed of trust or other instrument specifically describing and granting a Lien upon such real property, (v) as otherwise provided in
Section 10.2 or in Sections 1203 and 1205 of the Companys Indenture and Deed of Trust dated as of May 1, 2002, (vi) for possible claims in bankruptcy and possible claims for taxes and
(vii) such other matters as would not materially affect the Lien of the Deed of Trust. The Deed of Trust has been recorded in the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Texas and notices pursuant to and in accordance with
Section 261.011 of the Texas Business and Commerce Code have been duly filed in each of the counties in the State of Texas in which any real property owned by the Company as of the date of each Closing and described in the Deed of Trust is
located, and all requisite steps will have been taken to perfect the security interest of the Deed of Trust in personal property of the Company; and at each Closing all taxes and recording and filing fees required to be paid with respect to the
execution, recording or filing of the Deed of Trust, the filing of financing statements and similar documents will have been paid. 

Section 5.11. [Reserved]. 

Section 5.12. Compliance with Employee Benefit Plans.

(a) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to each
Plan, the Company, its Subsidiaries and its ERISA Affiliates are in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the final regulations and published interpretations thereunder. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries nor any
ERISA Affiliate has received any notification that any Multiemployer Plan has been terminated within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, which such termination could result in a Material Adverse Effect, and no Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected
to be terminated where such termination has resulted or can reasonably be expected to result, through an increase in the contributions required to be made to such Multiemployer Plan or otherwise, in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) None of the Company, its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any Withdrawal Liability that could result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

-8- 

(e) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Notes
hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to the prohibitions of section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code. The representation by the Company
to each Purchaser in the first sentence of this Section 5.12(e) is made in reliance upon and subject to the accuracy of such Purchasers representation in
Section 6.2 as to the sources of the funds to be used to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by such Purchaser. 

Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has
offered the Notes or any similar Securities (other than Excepted Securities) for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy the Notes or any similar Securities (other than Excepted Securities) from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect
thereof with, any Person other than 78 Institutional Investors (including the Purchasers), each of which has been offered the Notes at a private sale for investment. For purposes of this Agreement, the Company has treated all Institutional Investors
that are affiliated with each other as one Institutional Investor. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the Notes to the registration requirements of
Section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any Securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction. 

Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. The Company will apply the proceeds of the sale of
the Notes hereunder as set forth in the Presentation. No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of buying or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (12 CFR 221), or for the purpose of buying or carrying or trading in any Securities under such circumstances as to involve the Company in a violation of Regulation X of said Board (12 CFR 224)
or to involve any broker or dealer in a violation of Regulation T of said Board (12 CFR 220). Margin stock does not constitute more than 25% of the value of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the Company does not have
any present intention that margin stock will constitute more than 25% of the value of such assets. As used in this Section 5.14, the terms margin stock and purpose of buying or
carrying shall have the meanings assigned to them in said Regulation U. 

Section 5.15. Existing
Indebtedness.All outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023, that was required to be included on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
as of that date in accordance with GAAP was properly included on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of that date. Since December 31, 2023, there has been no Material increase in the amount of
Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, except for additional Indebtedness disclosed in the Disclosure Documents or as listed on Schedule 5.15 (as such Schedule 5.15 may be supplemented up to and until the date
of the February Closing) and except for issuances of short-term Indebtedness under the Companys commercial paper program. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the payment of
any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary and no event or condition exists with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the outstanding principal amount of which exceeds $100,000,000 that
would permit (or that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment. 

-9- 

Section 5.16. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.
None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that will act in any capacity in connection with, or benefit from, this Agreement,
is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are, (i) the subject of any Sanction or (ii) operating, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of
Sanctions. The Company, its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents that will act in any capacity in connection with, or benefit from, this Agreement, are in compliance
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws in all material respects. The Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance therewith. 

Section 5.17. Status under Certain Statutes. The Company is not, and after giving effect to the
issuance and sale of the Notes, will not be, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section 5.18. Environmental Matters. Except as set forth as such in or contemplated by the Disclosure
Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all federal, state, local and other statutes, ordinances, orders, judgments, rulings and regulations relating to environmental pollution or to
environmental regulation or control, except to the extent that failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth as such in or contemplated by the Disclosure Documents, the facilities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, are not used to manage any hazardous wastes, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, toxic substances, toxic pollutants or substances similarly denominated, as those terms or similar
terms are used in the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, the Toxic Substance Control Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water
Act or any other Applicable Law relating to environmental pollution, or any nuclear fuel or other radioactive materials, in violation in any material respect of any law or any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, except to the extent that such
violations could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth as such in or contemplated by the Disclosure Documents, the Company is not aware of any events, conditions or circumstances involving
environmental pollution or contamination that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 6.
REPRESENTATIONSOFTHE PURCHASERS. 

Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment. Each Purchaser severally represents that it is purchasing the
Notes for its own account or for one or more separate accounts maintained by such Purchaser or for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and not with a view to the distribution thereof, provided that the disposition of such
Purchasers or their property shall at all times be within such Purchasers or their control. Each Purchaser understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be resold only if registered pursuant to the
provisions of the Securities Act or if an exemption from registration is available, except under circumstances where neither such registration nor such an exemption is required by law, and that the Company is not required to register the Notes. 

-10- 

Section 6.2. Source of Funds. Each Purchaser
severally represents that at least one of the following statements is an accurate representation as to each source of funds (a Source) to be used by such Purchaser to pay the purchase price of the Notes to be purchased by
such Purchaser hereunder: 

(a) the Source is an insurance company general account (as the term is defined in the United States
Department of Labors Prohibited Transaction Exemption (PTE) 95-60) in respect of which the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the annual statement for life insurance
companies approved by the NAIC (the NAIC Annual Statement)) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any employee benefit plan together with the amount of the reserves and liabilities for the general
account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any other employee benefit plans maintained by the same employer (or affiliate thereof as defined in PTE 95-60) or by the same employee organization in the general
account do not exceed 10% of the total reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus as set forth in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with such Purchasers state of domicile; or 

(b) the Source is a separate account that is maintained solely in connection with such Purchasers fixed contractual obligations under
which the amounts payable, or credited, to any employee benefit plan (or its related trust) that has any interest in such separate account (or to any participant or beneficiary of such plan (including any annuitant)) are not affected in any manner
by the investment performance of the separate account; or 

(c) the Source is either (i) an insurance company pooled separate account,
within the meaning of PTE 90-1 or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning of the PTE 91-38 and, except as disclosed by such Purchaser to the
Company in writing pursuant to this clause (c), no employee benefit plan or group of plans maintained by the same employer or employee organization beneficially owns more than 10% of all assets allocated to such pooled separate account or collective
investment fund; or 

(d) the Source constitutes assets of an investment fund (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14 (the QPAM Exemption)) managed by a qualified professional asset manager or QPAM (within the meaning of Part VI of the QPAM Exemption), no employee benefit
plans assets that are managed by the QPAM in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the
QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization and managed by such QPAM, represent more than 20% of the total client assets managed by such QPAM, the conditions of Part I(c) and (g) of the QPAM Exemption are satisfied,
neither the QPAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the QPAM maintains an ownership interest in the Company that would cause the QPAM and the Company to be related within the meaning of Part VI(h) of the QPAM Exemption and
(i) the identity of such QPAM and (ii) the names of any employee benefit plans whose assets in the investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an
affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization, represent 10% or more of the assets of such investment fund, have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this
clause (d); or 

-11- 

(e) the Source constitutes assets of a plan(s) (within the meaning of Part IV(h)
of PTE 96-23 (the INHAM Exemption)) managed by an in-house asset manager or INHAM (within the meaning of Part IV(a) of
the INHAM Exemption), the conditions of Part I(a), (g) and (h) of the INHAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the INHAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the INHAM (applying the definition of control in Part IV(d)(3) of the
INHAM Exemption) owns a 10% or more interest in the Company and (i) the identity of such INHAM and (ii) the name(s) of the employee benefit plan(s) whose assets constitute the Source have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant
to this clause (e); or 

(f) the Source is a governmental plan; or 

(g) the Source is one or more employee benefit plans, or a separate account or trust fund comprised of one or more employee benefit plans,
each of which has been identified to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (g); or 

(h) the Source does not include assets of any
employee benefit plan, other than a plan exempt from the coverage of ERISA. 

As used in this Section 6.2,
the terms employee benefit plan, governmental plan, and separate account shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA. 

Section 6.3. Separateness of the Company from its Owners. Such Purchaser acknowledges and affirms that (1) it
has acquired the Notes in reliance upon the separateness of the Company, its majority owner, Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC (Holdings) and each of their Subsidiaries from Sempra and its Affiliates (other than
the Company, Holdings and their Subsidiaries) and any other direct or indirect owners of the Company and (2) the Company and its Subsidiaries have assets and liabilities that are separate from those of Sempra and its Subsidiaries (other than
Holdings and its Subsidiaries) and any other direct or indirect owners of the Company. 

SECTION 7. INFORMATIONASTO COMPANY. 

Section 7.1. Financial and Business
Information. The Company shall deliver to each holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor: 

(a) not later than the earlier of
(i) 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, and (ii) the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit
Facility, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated statements of income, membership interests and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in
each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by an opinion thereon (without a going concern or similar qualification or exception and
without any qualification or exception as to the scope of the audit on which such opinion is based) of 

-12- 

independent public accountants of recognized national standing, which opinion shall state that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
companies being reported upon and their results of operations and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and that the examination of such accountants in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards in the United States, and that such audit provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the circumstances; 

(b) not later than the earlier of (i) 75 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Company,
beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, and (ii) the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit Facility, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the related consolidated statements of income for such quarter, for the portion of the Companys fiscal year ended at the end of such quarter, and the related consolidated statement of cash flows
for the portion of the Companys fiscal year ended at the end of such quarter, setting forth comparative figures for the applicable corresponding date(s) in the previous year and period to the extent required in Form 10-Q, all certified (subject to normal year-end adjustments and absence of footnotes) as to fairness of presentation, GAAP and consistency by a Senior Financial Officer of the
Company; 

(c) simultaneously with any delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above, a
certificate of a Senior Financial Officer of the Company (i) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish whether the Company was in compliance with the covenant contained in
Section 10.6 on the date of such financial statements, and (ii) stating whether any Default or Event of Default exists on the date of such certificate and, if any Default or Event of Default then
exists, setting forth the details thereof and the action that the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(d)
forthwith upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer of the Company setting forth the details thereof and the action that the Company is taking or proposes to take with
respect thereto; 

(e) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of each final prospectus (other than a prospectus included in any
registration statement on Form S-8 or its equivalent or with respect to a dividend reinvestment plan) and all reports on Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K and similar reports that the Company shall have filed with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of or all the functions of the SEC; 

(f) promptly, and in any event within 5 days after a Responsible Officer becoming aware of any of the following, a written notice setting
forth the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Company or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto: 

(i) with respect to any Plan, the filing of any report or notice by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate with the PBGC with
respect to any reportable event, as defined in section 4043(c) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, for which notice thereof has not been waived pursuant to such regulations as in effect on the date hereof and that could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

-13- 

(ii) the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute, or the threatening by the
PBGC of the institution of, proceedings under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan that such
action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan if, in any such cases, such steps or action could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(iii) any event, transaction or condition that could result in the incurrence of any liability by the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans, or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate
pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien, taken together with any other such liabilities or Liens then existing, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

The financial statements, prospectuses and reports described in subsections (a), (b) and (e) above will be
deemed to have been delivered hereunder if publicly available on the SECs EDGAR database with respect to the Company or on the Companys website no later than the date specified for delivery of the same under subsection (a),
(b) or (e), as applicable, above. In addition, the certificate of a Senior Financial Officer of the Company described in subsection (c) above will be deemed delivered if uploaded to a virtual data room
hosted by IntraLinks (or such other similar data room or workspace) no later than the date specified for delivery of the same under subsection (c) above. 

Section 7.2.[Reserved]. 

Section 7.3.Visitation. The Company shall permit the representatives of each holder of a Note that is an
Institutional Investor: 

(a) No Defaultor Event of Default if no Default or Event of Default then exists, at the
expense of such Purchaser or such holder and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company, to visit the principal executive office of the Company, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries with the
Companys officers, and (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) to visit the other offices and properties of the Company and each Subsidiary, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be
reasonably requested in writing; and 

(b) Default or Event of Default if a Default or Event of Default then exists, at the
expense of the Company, to visit and inspect any of the offices or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, to examine all their respective books of account, records, reports and other papers, to make copies and extracts therefrom, and to
discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers and independent public accountants (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and
its Subsidiaries), all at such times and as often as may be requested, to the extent permitted by law or regulation. 

Section 7.4. [Reserved]. 

-14- 

SECTION 8. PAYMENTAND PREPAYMENTOFTHE NOTES. 

Section 8.1. Maturity. As provided therein, the
entire unpaid principal balance of each Note shall be due and payable on the applicable Maturity Date thereof. 

Section 8.2. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount.(a) The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided
below, prepay at any time prior to (i) in the case of the Series H Notes, the Series H Par Call Date or (ii) in the case of the Series I Notes, the Series I Par Call Date, all or any part, of any series of the Series H Notes or the Series
I Notes, as applicable, then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid, and the Make-Whole Amount determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount. The Company will give each
holder of Notes, of the respective series, written notice of each optional prepayment under this Section 8.2 not less than 10 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment
unless the Company and the Required Holders agree to another time period pursuant to Section 17. Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate principal amount
of such series of Notes to be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note of such series held by such holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with Section 8.4), and the interest to be
paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Make-Whole Amount (if any) for such principal amount of such series of Notes
due in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation. Two Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each holder of
such series of Notes a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such Make-Whole Amount as of the specified prepayment date. 

Section 8.3. Optional Prepayment. The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time
on or after the applicable Par Call Date all or any part, of any series of Notes then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at 100% of the principal amount so prepaid plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of such
prepayment. The Company will give each holder of Notes written notice of each optional prepayment under this Section 8.3 not less than 10 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such
prepayment unless the Company and the Required Holders agree to another time period pursuant to Section 17. Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate
principal amount of such series of Notes to be prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each Note of such series held by such holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with Section 8.4), and
the interest to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being prepaid. 

Section 8.4.
Allocation of Partial Prepayments. 

(a) In the case of each partial prepayment of a series of Notes pursuant to
Section 8.2 or Section 8.3, the principal amount of the Notes of such series to be prepaid shall be allocated among all of the Notes of such series
at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore called for prepayment. 

-15- 

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Section 8.4 to the contrary, if and so long as any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any partial prepayment of the Notes pursuant to the provisions of
Section 8.2 or Section 8.3 shall be allocated among all of the Notes of all series of Notes at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as
practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof. 

Section 8.5. Maturity; Surrender,
Etc.In the case of each optional prepayment of Notes of any series pursuant to this Section 8, the principal amount of each Note to be prepaid shall, subject to the
satisfaction of the conditions to such prepayment, mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for such prepayment, together with interest on such principal amount accrued to such date and the applicable Make-Whole Amount, if any. From and
after such date, unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount, if any, as aforesaid, interest on such principal amount shall cease to accrue. Any Note paid or
prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and no Note shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount of any Note. 

Section 8.6. Purchase of Notes. The Company will not and will not permit any Affiliate to purchase, redeem, prepay
or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding Notes except (a) upon the payment or prepayment of the applicable series of Notes in accordance with this Agreement and the applicable series of Notes or (b) pursuant to
an offer to purchase made by the Company or an Affiliate pro rata to the holders of all Notes at the time outstanding upon the same terms and conditions. Any such offer shall provide each holder with sufficient information to enable it to make an
informed decision with respect to such offer, and shall remain open for at least 10 Business Days. If the holders of more than 25% of the principal amount of the applicable series of Notes then outstanding accept such offer, the Company shall
promptly notify the remaining holders of such fact and the expiration date for the acceptance by holders of Notes of such offer shall be extended by the number of days necessary to give each such remaining holder at least 5 Business Days from its
receipt of such notice to accept such offer. The Company will promptly cancel all Notes acquired by it or any Affiliate pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of Notes pursuant to this Agreement and no Notes may be issued in substitution or
exchange for any such Notes. 

Section 8.7. Make-Whole Amount. 

The term Make-Whole Amount means, with respect to any Note, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted
Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to the Called Principal of such Note over the amount of such Called Principal, provided that the Make-Whole Amount may in no event be less than zero. For the purposes of determining the
Make-Whole Amount, the following terms have the following meanings: 

Called Principal means, with respect to any
Note, the principal of such Note that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to
Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

-16- 

Discounted Value means, with respect to the Called Principal of
any Note, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted
financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the Notes is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal. 

Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, .50% over the yield to maturity implied
by the yield(s) reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, on the display designated as Page PX1 (or such other display as may replace
Page PX1) on Bloomberg Financial Markets for the most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities (Reported) having a
maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there are no such U.S. Treasury securities Reported having a maturity equal to such Remaining Average Life, then such implied yield to maturity will
be determined by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between the yields Reported for the applicable most recently issued
actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities with the maturities (1) closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) closest to and less
than such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Note. 

If such yields are not Reported or the yields Reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), then
Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, .50% over the yield to maturity implied by the U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as
of the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (or any comparable successor publication) for the U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to the
Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there is no such U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to such Remaining Average Life, such implied yield to maturity will be determined by interpolating
linearly between (1) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and less than such
Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable Note. 

Remaining Average Life means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years obtained by dividing
(i) such Called Principal into (ii) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining Scheduled Payment with respect to such Called Principal by (b) the number of years, computed on the
basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called
Principal and the scheduled due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments means,
with respect to the Called Principal of any Note, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon that would be due after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior to
its scheduled due date, provided that if such Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under the Notes, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest
accrued to such Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Settlement Date pursuant to Section 8.2 or Section 12.1. 

-17- 

Settlement Date means, with respect to the Called Principal of any
Note, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 8.2 or has become or is declared to be immediately due and payable pursuant to
Section 12.1, as the context requires. 

Section 8.8. Payments Due on Non-Business Days. Anything in this Agreement or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, (x) except as set forth in clause (y), any payment of interest on any Note that is due on a date that is not a
Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day without including the additional days elapsed in the computation of the interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day; and (y) any payment of principal of or Make-Whole
Amount on any Note (including principal due on the Maturity Date of such Note) that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the additional days elapsed in the computation of
interest payable on such next succeeding Business Day. 

SECTION 9. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 

From the date of this Agreement until the applicable Closing and thereafter, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Company covenants
that: 

Section 9.1.Compliance with Laws. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all
Applicable Laws, whether now in effect or hereafter enacted, except (i) where the validity or applicability of such laws, rules, regulations or orders is being contested by appropriate proceedings in good faith or (ii) where the failure to
do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 9.2. Insurance. The Company will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times maintain in full force and effect, pursuant to self-insurance arrangements or with insurance companies that the Company believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company, as
applicable) are financially sound and responsible at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance which the Company believes (in the good faith judgment of
management of the Company, as applicable) is reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business) and against at least such risks (and with such risk retentions) as the Company believes (in the good faith judgment of management of
the Company, as applicable) is reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business. 

Section 9.3.
Maintenance of Properties. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to at all times maintain and preserve all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except
to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 9.4.
Payment of Taxes. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge promptly when due all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its
property, as well as all other material liabilities, in each case before the same shall become delinquent or in default and before penalties accrue thereon, unless and to the extent that the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto shall, to the extent required by GAAP, have been set aside. 

-18- 

Section 9.5. Corporate Existence, Etc. The Company will,
and will cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, licenses, permits, franchises and authorizations necessary or desirable
in the normal conduct of its business except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries may consummate any
transaction expressly permitted pursuant to Section 10.2. 

Section 9.6.
Payment of Special Counsel Fees. The Company shall pay the fees, charges and disbursements of the Purchasers special counsel referred to in Section 4.4 in connection with the applicable
Closing to the extent such fees, charges and disbursements are reflected in a statement of such counsel rendered to the Company at least one Business Day prior to the applicable Closing. 

Section 9.7. Books and Records. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books
of record and account in conformity with GAAP. 

SECTION 10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 

From the date of this Agreement until the applicable Closing and thereafter, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Company covenants
that: 

Section 10.1. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of the Notes for purposes other than for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of indebtedness. The Company will not, directly or, to the knowledge
of the Company, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any
country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions. No part of the proceeds of the Notes will be used by the Company, directly, or to the Companys knowledge, indirectly, in violation
of Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Sanctions or applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 

Section 10.2.
Consolidations, Mergers, Sales and Acquisitions of Assets and Investments in Subsidiaries.

(a) The Company shall not
consolidate with or merge into any other corporation, or convey or otherwise transfer, or lease, as or substantially as an entirety the Companys Electric Utility Property to any Person, unless: 

(1) the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or other
transfer, or which leases, as or substantially as an entirety such Electric Utility Property shall be a corporation organized and 

-19- 

existing under the laws of the United States, any State or Territory thereof or the District of Columbia (such corporation being hereinafter sometimes called the Successor
Company) and shall execute and deliver to the Purchasers a supplement to this Agreement, which in the case of a consolidation, merger, conveyance or other transfer, or in the case of a lease if the term thereof extends beyond the last
stated maturity of the Notes then outstanding, contains an express assumption by the Successor Company of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on all the Notes then outstanding and the
performance and observance of every covenant and condition of this Agreement to be performed or observed by the Company; 

(2) in the case
of a lease, such lease shall be made expressly subject to termination at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default by (A) the Company or the Required Holders and (B) the purchaser of the property so leased at any sale thereof,
whether such sale be made under the power of sale hereby conferred or pursuant to judicial proceedings; and 

(3) immediately after giving
effect to such transaction (and treating any Debt that becomes an obligation of the Successor Company as a result of such transaction as having been incurred by the Successor Company at the time of such transaction), no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(b) Upon any consolidation or merger or any conveyance or other transfer of, as or substantially
as an entirety the Companys Electric Utility Property in accordance with Section 10.2(a), the Successor Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every power and right of,
the Company under this Agreement with the same effect as if such Successor Company had been named as the Company herein. 

(c)
In the case of a conveyance or other transfer to any Person or Persons as contemplated in Section 10.2(a), upon the satisfaction of all the conditions specified in
Section 10.2(a) the Company (such term being used in this Section without giving effect to such transaction) shall be released and discharged from all obligations and covenants under this Agreement and
on and under all Notes then outstanding (unless the Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers an instrument in which it shall waive such release and discharge) and, upon request by the Company, the Purchasers shall acknowledge in writing that
the Company has been so released and discharged. 

(d) Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent or restrict any consolidation
or merger after the consummation of which the Company would be the surviving or resulting corporation or any conveyance or other transfer, or lease, of any part of the Companys Electric Utility Property which does not constitute the entirety
or substantially the entirety of its Electric Utility Property. 

A conveyance, transfer or lease by the Company of Electric Utility Property shall not be
deemed to constitute the conveyance, transfer or lease as or substantially as an entirety of its Electric Utility Property for purposes of this Agreement if the Fair Value of the Electric Utility Property retained by the Company exceeds 143% of the
aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Notes and any other outstanding debt securities of the Company that rank equally with, or senior to the Notes with respect to such Electric Utility Property. This
Section 10.2 is not intended to limit the Companys conveyances, transfers or leases of less than the entirety or substantially the entirety of its Electric Utility Property. 

-20- 

Section 10.3. [Reserved]. 

Section 10.4. [Reserved]. 

Section 10.5. Limitation on Secured Debt.

(a) The Company shall not issue any Secured Debt (other than Permitted Secured Debt), except as expressly contemplated in subsection
(b) of this Section 10.5. 

(b) The provisions of subsection
(a) shall not prohibit the creation or existence of any Secured Debt if either: 

(1) the Company shall make effective
provision whereby the Obligations shall be secured at least equally and ratably with such Secured Debt; or 

(2) such Secured Debt is
issued pursuant to an Indenture and the Obligations are secured at least equally and ratably with such Secured Debt. 

Section 10.6. Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. The Company will not, as of the end of each quarter of each of its fiscal
years, permit the ratio of its Consolidated Senior Debt to its Consolidated Total Capitalization to be greater than 0.65 to 1.00. 

SECTION 11. EVENTSOF DEFAULT. 

An Event of Default, wherever used herein with respect to the Notes, means any one of the following events: 

(a) failure by the Company to pay the principal of or Make-Whole Amount, if any, on any Note when it becomes due and payable; or 

(b) failure by the Company to pay any interest on any Note when it becomes due and payable and continuance of such Default for a period of 30
days; or 

(c) failure by the Company to perform or comply with the terms of Section 10.6;
or 

(d) failure to perform or breach of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this Agreement (other than a covenant or warranty a
Default in the performance of which or breach of which is elsewhere in this Section 11 specifically addressed) and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 90 days after there has been
given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Required Holders, a written notice specifying such Default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and identifying such notice as a Notice of Default hereunder, unless the
Required Holders shall agree in writing to an extension of such period prior to its expiration; provided, however, that the Required Holders shall be deemed to have agreed to an extension of such period if corrective action is initiated by the
Company within such period and is being diligently pursued; or 

-21- 

(e) the commencement by the Company of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by the Company to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the
Company in a case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against the Company, or the filing by the
Company of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law, or the consent by the Company to the filing of such petition or to the
appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by the Company of an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or the admission by the Company in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the authorization of such action by its board of directors; or 

(f) the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (i) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an
involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the Company as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition
by one or more Persons other than the Company seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, or appointing a custodian,
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official for the Company or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and any such decree or order for relief or any
such other decree or order shall have remained unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 

(g) sale or transfer of all
or any part of the Mortgaged Property in foreclosure (or deed in lieu of foreclosure) of a Lien created or existing as an encumbrance on the Mortgaged Property and securing the Notes and other Secured Debt (other than Permitted Secured Debt). 

SECTION 12. REMEDIESON DEFAULT, ETC. 

Section 12.1. Acceleration. 

(a) If an Event of Default with respect to the Company described in Section 11(e) or
(f) has occurred, all the Notes then outstanding shall automatically become immediately due and payable. 

(b) If any
other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Required Holders may at any time at its or their option, by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. 

-22- 

(c) If any Event of Default described in
Section 11(a) or (b) has occurred and is continuing, any holder or holders of Notes at the time outstanding affected by such Event of Default may at any time, at its or their option,
by notice or notices to the Company, declare all the Notes held by it or them to be immediately due and payable. 

Upon any Notes becoming
due and payable under this Section 12.1, whether automatically or by declaration, such Notes will forthwith mature and the entire unpaid principal amount of such Notes, plus (x) all accrued and
unpaid interest thereon (including interest accrued thereon at the Default Rate) and (y) the Make-Whole Amount determined in respect of such principal amount, shall all be immediately due and payable, in each and every case without presentment,
demand, protest or further notice, all of which are hereby waived. The Company acknowledges, and the parties hereto agree, that each holder of a Note has the right to maintain its investment in the Notes free from repayment by the Company (except as
herein specifically provided for) and that the provision for payment of a Make-Whole Amount by the Company in the event that the Notes are prepaid or are accelerated as a result of an Event of Default, is intended to provide compensation for the
deprivation of such right under such circumstances. 

Section 12.2. Other Remedies. If any Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, and irrespective of whether any Notes have become or have been declared immediately due and payable under Section 12.1, the holder of any Note at the time
outstanding may proceed to protect and enforce the rights of such holder by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or in any Note, or for an injunction
against a violation of any of the terms hereof or thereof, or in aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise. 

Section 12.3. Rescission. At any time after any Notes have been declared due and payable pursuant to
Section 12.1(b) or (c), the Required Holders, by written notice to the Company, may rescind and annul any such declaration and its consequences if (a) the Company has paid all overdue
interest on the Notes, all principal of and Make-Whole Amount, if any, on any Notes that are due and payable and are unpaid other than by reason of such declaration, and all interest on such overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount, if any, and (to
the extent permitted by applicable law) any overdue interest in respect of the Notes, at the Default Rate, (b) neither the Company nor any other Person shall have paid any amounts which have become due solely by reason of such declaration,
(c) all Events of Default and Defaults, other than non-payment of amounts that have become due solely by reason of such declaration, have been cured or have been waived pursuant to
Section 17, and (d) no judgment or decree has been entered for the payment of any monies due pursuant hereto or to the Notes. No rescission and annulment under this
Section 12.3 will extend to or affect any subsequent Event of Default or Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 12.4. No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, Etc. No course of dealing and no delay on the part of
any holder of any Note in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice such holders rights, powers or remedies. No right, power or remedy conferred by this Agreement or any Note upon any holder
thereof shall be exclusive of any other right, power or remedy referred to herein or therein or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise. Without limiting the obligations of the Company under
Section 15, the Company will pay to the holder of each Note on demand such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover all costs and expenses of such holder incurred in any enforcement or collection
under this Section 12, including reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and disbursements. 

-23- 

SECTION 13. REGISTRATION; EXCHANGE;
SUBSTITUTIONOF NOTES. 

Section 13.1. Registration of Notes. The
Company (or its Registrar if applicable) shall keep at its principal executive office a register for the registration and registration of transfers of Notes. The name and address of each holder of one or more Notes, each transfer thereof and the
name and address of each transferee of one or more Notes shall be registered in such register. If any holder of one or more Notes is a nominee, then (a) the name and address of the beneficial owner of such Note or Notes shall also be registered
in such register as an owner and holder thereof and (b) at any such beneficial owners option, either such beneficial owner or its nominee may execute any amendment, waiver or consent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Note Document.
Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Person in whose name any Note shall be registered shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes hereof, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice or
knowledge to the contrary. The Company (or its Registrar if applicable) shall give to any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor promptly upon request therefor, a complete and correct copy of the names and addresses of all registered
holders of Notes. 

Section 13.2. Transfer and Exchange of Notes. Upon surrender of any Note to the Company (or
its Registrar if applicable) at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 13.4 or Section 18(iii)), for
registration of transfer or exchange (and in the case of a surrender for registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed by the registered holder of such Note or such holders attorney duly authorized in
writing and accompanied by the relevant name, address and other information for notices of each transferee of such Note or part thereof), within 10 Business Days thereafter, the Company (or its Registrar if applicable) shall execute and deliver, at
the Companys expense (except as provided below), one or more new Notes of the same series (as requested by the holder thereof) in exchange therefor, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the surrendered Note.
Each such new Note shall be payable to such Person as such holder may request and shall be substantially in the form of Schedule 1(a) or Schedule 1(b), as applicable. Each such new Note shall be dated and bear interest from the date to
which interest shall have been paid on the surrendered Note or dated the date of the initial interest accrual date identified on such surrendered Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon. The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any stamp tax or governmental charge imposed in respect of any such transfer of Notes. Notes shall not be transferred in denominations of less than $100,000; provided, that if necessary to enable the registration of transfer by a
holder of its entire holding of Notes, one Note may be in a denomination of less than $100,000. Any transferee, by its acceptance of a Note registered in its name (or the name of its nominee), shall be deemed to have made the representations set
forth in Section 6. The transferee of any Note in accordance with this Section 13.2 shall have all rights, benefits and obligations of the holders of such
Note under the Note Documents as if such holder were an original signatory hereto without any further action being required under the Note Documents. 

-24- 

Section 13.3. Replacement of Notes. Upon receipt by
the Company (or its Registrar if applicable) at the address and to the attention of the designated officer (all as specified in Section 13.4 or
Section 18(iii)) of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence shall be, in the case of an Institutional
Investor, notice from such Institutional Investor of such ownership and such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation), and 

(a) in the case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (provided that if the holder of such Note is, or is a nominee for, an original Purchaser or another holder of a Note with a minimum net worth of at least $50,000,000 or a
Qualified Institutional Buyer, such Persons own unsecured agreement of indemnity shall be deemed to be satisfactory), or 

(b) in the
case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation thereof, 

within 10 Business Days thereafter, the Company (or its Registrar if applicable) at the
Companys own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note, dated and bearing interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note or dated the date of such lost,
stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon. 

Section 13.4. Registrar.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13, the Company may, at any time, by prompt notice to each holder of a Note, engage a nationally recognized financial institution to act as its
registrar to perform the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section 13 (such financial institution being referred to herein as a Registrar). Following the
holders receipt of such notice and unless otherwise indicated in such notice, if such holder desires to take any of the actions contemplated by Sections 13.2 or 13.3, or to advise as to any change in its name,
address, contact details or payment details, such holder shall contact or provide such evidence to the Registrar. 

SECTION 14.
PAYMENTSON NOTES. 

Section 14.1. Place of Payment. Subject to
Section 14.2, payments of principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest becoming due and payable on the Notes shall be made in New York, New York at the principal office of JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A. in such jurisdiction. The Company may at any time, by notice to each holder of a Note, change the place of payment of the Notes so long as such place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or the
principal office of a bank or trust company in such jurisdiction. 

Section 14.2.Payment by Wire Transfer. So long as any
Purchaser or its nominee shall be the holder of any Note, and notwithstanding anything contained in Section 14.1 or in such Note to the contrary, the Company (or the Paying Agent, if applicable, on the
Companys behalf) will pay all sums becoming due on such Note for principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, interest and all other amounts becoming due hereunder by the method and at the address specified for such purpose below such
Purchasers name in Schedule A, or by such other method or at such other address as such Purchaser shall have from time to time specified to the Company or the Paying Agent, if applicable, in writing for such purpose, without the
presentation or surrender of such Note or the making of any notation thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with or reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any Note, such

-25- 

Purchaser shall surrender such Note for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of payment most recently
designated by the Company pursuant to Section 14.1. Prior to any sale or other disposition of any Note held by a Purchaser or its nominee, such Purchaser will, at its election, either endorse thereon
the amount of principal paid thereon and the last date to which interest has been paid thereon or surrender such Note to the Company or the Registrar, if applicable, in exchange for a new Note or Notes pursuant to
Section 13.2. The Company will afford the benefits of this Section 14.2 to any Institutional Investor that is the direct or indirect transferee of any Note
purchased by a Purchaser under this Agreement and that has made the same agreement relating to such Note as the Purchasers have made in this Section 14.2. The Company may, from time to time, engage a
paying agent (a Paying Agent) to make payments on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement or the Notes. 

Section 14.3. FATCA Information.By acceptance of any Note, the holder of such Note agrees that
such holder will with reasonable promptness duly complete and deliver to the Company, or to such other Person as may be reasonably requested by the Company, from time to time (a) in the case of any such holder that is a United States Person,
such holders United States tax identification number or other Forms reasonably requested by the Company necessary to establish such holders status as a United States Person under FATCA and as may otherwise be necessary for the Company to
comply with its obligations under FATCA and (b) in the case of any such holder that is not a United States Person, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such
additional documentation as may be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such holder has complied with such holders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount (if any) to deduct and
withhold from any such payment made to such holder. Nothing in this Section 14.3 shall require any holder to provide information that is confidential or proprietary to such holder unless the Company is
required to obtain such information under FATCA and, in such event, the Company shall treat any such information it receives as confidential. 

SECTION 15. EXPENSES, ETC. 

Section 15.1. Transaction Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the
Company will pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees of a special counsel and, if reasonably required by the Required Holders, local or other counsel) incurred by the Purchasers and each other holder of a Note in
connection with such transactions and in connection with any amendments, waivers or consents under or in respect of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Note Document (whether or not such amendment, waiver or consent becomes effective), including:
(a) the costs and expenses incurred in enforcing or defending (or determining whether or how to enforce or defend) any rights under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Note Document or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or
informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Agreement, the Notes or any other Note Document, or by reason of being a holder of any Note, (b) the costs and expenses, including financial advisors fees, incurred in
connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with any work-out or restructuring of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Notes and any other Note
Document and (c) the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the initial filing of this Agreement and all related documents and financial information with the SVO; provided, that such costs and expenses under this
clause (c) shall not exceed $3,500. If required by the NAIC, the Company shall obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense a Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). 

-26- 

The Company will pay, and will save each Purchaser and each other holder of a Note harmless
from, (i) all claims in respect of any fees, costs or expenses, if any, of brokers and finders (other than those, if any, retained by a Purchaser or other holder in connection with its purchase of the Notes), (ii) any and all wire transfer
fees that any bank or other financial institution deducts from any payment under such Note to such holder or otherwise charges to a holder of a Note with respect to a payment under such Note and (iii) any judgment, liability, claim, order,
decree, fine, penalty, cost, fee, expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) or obligation resulting from the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the use of the proceeds of the Notes by the Company.

Section 15.2. Tax Withholding.Except as otherwise required by applicable
law as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Company, the Company agrees that it will not withhold from any applicable payment to be made to a holder of a Note that is not a United States Person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of
the Code) any tax so long as such holder shall have delivered to the Company and to the Paying Agent (if any) (in such number of copies as shall be requested) on or about the date on which such holder becomes a holder under this Agreement (and from
time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Paying Agent (if any)), executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form
W-8BEN-E, as applicable, together with such other documentation and information as is reasonably necessary to establish that no such withholding is required. 

Section 15.3.Survival. The obligations of the Company under this Section 15
will survive the payment or transfer of any Note, the enforcement, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Note Document, and the termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 16. SURVIVALOF REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES;
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 

All representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the Notes and the other Note Documents, the purchase or transfer by any Purchaser of any Note or portion thereof or interest therein and the payment of any Note, and may be relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Note,
regardless of any investigation made at any time by or on behalf of such Purchaser or any other holder of a Note; provided that, no representation or warranty shall be deemed to be made as of any time other than the date of execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the Notes or the other Note Documents, as applicable. All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement or the other Note Documents shall be deemed
representations and warranties of the Company under this Agreement. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement, the Notes and any other Note Documents embody the entire agreement and understanding between each Purchaser and the Company and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. 

-27- 

SECTION 17. AMENDMENTAND WAIVER. 

Section 17.1. Requirements. This Agreement and the Notes may be amended, and the observance of any term
hereof or of the Notes may be waived (either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders, except that: 

(a) no amendment or waiver of any of Sections1, 2, 3, 4,
5, 6 or 21 hereof, or any defined term (as it is used therein), will be effective as to any Purchaser unless consented to by such Purchaser in writing; and 

(b) no amendment or waiver may, without the written consent of each Purchaser and the holder of each Note at the time outstanding,
(i) subject to Section 12 relating to acceleration or rescission, change the amount or time of any prepayment or payment of principal of, or reduce the rate or change the time of payment or method
of computation of (x) interest on the Notes or (y) the Make-Whole Amount, (ii) change the percentage of the principal amount of the Notes the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment or waiver, or the principal amount
of the Notes that the Purchasers are to purchase pursuant to Section 2 upon the satisfaction of the conditions to Closing that appear in Section 4, or
(iii) amend any of Sections 8 (except as set forth in the second sentence of Section 8.2or the second sentence of Section 8.3),
11(a), 11(b), 12, 17 or 20. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Deed
of Trust and any other Security Document may be amended as provided in the Deed of Trust or such applicable Security Document. 

Section 17.2. Solicitation of Holders of Notes.

(a) Solicitation. The Company will provide each Purchaser and each holder of a Note with sufficient information, sufficiently far in
advance of the date a decision is required, to enable such Purchaser and holder to make an informed and considered decision with respect to any proposed amendment, waiver or consent in respect of any of the provisions hereof or of the Notes. The
Company will deliver executed or true and correct copies of each amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant to this Section 17 to each Purchaser and each holder of a Note promptly following the date
on which it is executed and delivered by, or receives the consent or approval of, the requisite Purchasers or holders of Notes. 

(b)
Payment. The Company will not directly or indirectly pay or cause to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental or additional interest, fee or otherwise, or grant any security or provide other credit support, to any Purchaser or
holder of a Note as consideration for or as an inducement to the entering into by such Purchaser or holder of any waiver or amendment of any of the terms and provisions hereof or any Note unless such remuneration is concurrently paid, or security is
concurrently granted or other credit support concurrently provided, on the same terms, ratably to each Purchaser or each holder of a Note even if such Purchaser or holder did not consent to such waiver or amendment. 

-28- 

(c) Consent in Contemplation of Transfer. Any consent given pursuant to this
Section 17 by a holder of a Note that has transferred or has agreed to transfer its Note to (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate or (iii) any other Person in
connection with, or in anticipation of, such other Person acquiring, making a tender offer for or merging with the Company and/or any of its Affiliates, in each case in connection with such consent, shall be void and of no force or effect except
solely as to such holder, and any amendments effected or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that would not have been or would not be so effected or granted but for such consent (and the consents of all other holders of Notes that were
acquired under the same or similar conditions) shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such holder. 

Section 17.3. Binding Effect, Etc. Any amendment or waiver consented to as provided in this
Section 17 applies equally to all Purchasers and holders of Notes and is binding upon them and upon each future holder of any Note and upon the Company without regard to whether such Note has been
marked to indicate such amendment or waiver. No such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any obligation, covenant, agreement, Default or Event of Default not expressly amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon. No course of
dealing between the Company and any Purchaser or holder of a Note and no delay in exercising any rights hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any Purchaser or holder of such Note. As used herein, the term this
Agreement and references thereto shall mean this Agreement as it may from time to time be amended or supplemented. 

Section 17.4. Notes Held by Company, Etc. Solely for the purpose of determining whether the
holders of the requisite percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding approved or consented to any amendment, waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement or the Notes, or have directed the taking of any action
provided herein or the Notes to be taken upon the direction of the holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, Notes directly or indirectly owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be
deemed not to be outstanding. 

SECTION 18. NOTICES. 

All notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and sent (a) by telecopy if the sender on the same day sends a
confirming copy of such notice by an internationally recognized overnight delivery service (charges prepaid), or (b) by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested (postage prepaid), (c) by an internationally recognized
overnight delivery service (charges prepaid), or (d) by electronic mail (provided that no bounceback or notice of non-delivery is received). Any such notice must be sent: 

(i) if to any Purchaser or its nominee, to such Purchaser or nominee at the address or email address specified for such
communications in Schedule A, or at such other address as such Purchaser or nominee shall have specified to the Company in writing, 

(ii) if to any other holder of any Note, to such holder at such address as such other holder shall have specified to the
Company in writing, or 

(iii) if to the Company, to the Company at its address set forth at the beginning hereof to the
attention of Vice President and Treasurer, or at such other address as the Company shall have specified to the holder of each Note in writing. 

Notices
under this Section 18 will be deemed given only when actually received. 

-29- 

SECTION 19. REPRODUCTIONOF DOCUMENTS.

This Agreement and all documents relating thereto, including (a) consents, waivers and modifications that may hereafter be
executed, (b) documents received by any Purchaser at the applicable Closing (except the Notes themselves), and (c) financial statements, certificates and other information previously or hereafter furnished to any Purchaser, may be
reproduced by such Purchaser by any photographic, photostatic, electronic, digital, or other similar process and such Purchaser may destroy any original document so reproduced. The Company agrees and stipulates that, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by such Purchaser in
the regular course of business) and any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction of such reproduction shall likewise be admissible in evidence. This Section 19 shall not prohibit the Company or
any other holder of Notes from contesting any such reproduction to the same extent that it could contest the original, or from introducing evidence to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction. 

SECTION 20. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 

For the purposes of this Section 20, Confidential Information means
information delivered to any Purchaser by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled
or otherwise adequately identified when received by such Purchaser as being confidential information of the Company or such Subsidiary, provided that such term does not include information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to such
Purchaser prior to the time of such disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Purchaser or any Person acting on such Purchasers behalf, (c) otherwise becomes known to such Purchaser other
than through disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary or (d) constitutes financial statements delivered to such Purchaser under Section 7.1 that are otherwise publicly available. Each Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted by such Purchaser in good faith to protect confidential information of third parties delivered to such Purchaser, provided that such Purchaser
may deliver or disclose Confidential Information to (i) its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, trustees and affiliates (to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to the administration of the investment represented by its
Notes), (ii) its auditors, financial advisors and other professional advisors who agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially in accordance with this Section 20,
(iii) any other holder of any Note, (iv) any Institutional Investor to which it sells or offers to sell such Note or any part thereof or any participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such
Confidential Information to be bound by this Section 20), (v) any Person from which it offers to purchase any Security of the Company (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of
such Confidential Information to be bound by this Section 20), (vi) any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Purchaser, (vii) the NAIC or the SVO or, in each
case, any similar organization, or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about such Purchasers investment portfolio, or (viii) any other Person to which such delivery or disclosure may be necessary or
appropriate (w) to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Purchaser, (x) in response to any subpoena or other legal process, (y) in 

-30- 

connection with any litigation to which such Purchaser is a party or (z) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent such Purchaser may reasonably determine such
delivery and disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement or for the protection of the rights and remedies under such Purchasers Notes, this Agreement or any other Note Document. Each holder of a Note, by its acceptance of a
Note, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of this Section 20 as though it were a party to this Agreement. On reasonable request by the Company in connection
with the delivery to any holder of a Note of information required to be delivered to such holder under this Agreement or requested by such holder (other than a holder that is a party to this Agreement or its nominee), such holder will enter into an
agreement with the Company embodying this Section 20. 

In the event that as a condition to
receiving access to information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, any Purchaser or holder of a Note is required to agree to a confidentiality
undertaking (whether through IntraLinks, another secure website, a secure virtual workspace or otherwise) which is different from this Section 20, this
Section 20 shall not be amended thereby and, as between such Purchaser or such holder and the Company, this Section 20shall supersede any such
other confidentiality undertaking. 

SECTION 21. SUBSTITUTIONOF PURCHASER. 

Each Purchaser shall have the right to substitute any one of its Affiliates or another Purchaser or any one of such other Purchasers
Affiliates (a Substitute Purchaser) as the purchaser of the Notes that it has agreed to purchase hereunder, by written notice to the Company, which notice shall be signed by both such Purchaser and such Substitute
Purchaser, shall contain such Substitute Purchasers agreement to be bound by this Agreement and shall contain a confirmation by such Substitute Purchaser of the accuracy with respect to it of the representations set forth in
Section 6. Upon receipt of such notice, any reference to such Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this Section 21), shall be deemed to refer to such
Substitute Purchaser in lieu of such original Purchaser. In the event that such Substitute Purchaser is so substituted as a Purchaser hereunder and such Substitute Purchaser thereafter transfers to such original Purchaser all of the Notes then held
by such Substitute Purchaser, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such transfer, any reference to such Substitute Purchaser as a Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this
Section 21), shall no longer be deemed to refer to such Substitute Purchaser, but shall refer to such original Purchaser, and such original Purchaser shall again have all the rights of an original
holder of the Notes under this Agreement. 

SECTION 22. MISCELLANEOUS. 

Section 22.1. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and other agreements contained in this
Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns (including any subsequent holder of a Note) whether so expressed or not, except that, subject to
Section 10.2, the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under the Notes without the prior written consent of each holder. Nothing in this Agreement,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

-31- 

Section 22.2. Accounting Terms. All
accounting terms used herein which are not expressly defined in this Agreement have the meanings respectively given to them in accordance with GAAP. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, (i) all computations made pursuant to this
Agreement shall be made in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) all financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of determining compliance with this Agreement (including
Section 9, Section 10 and the definition of Indebtedness), any election by the Company to measure any financial liability using fair value (as
permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 825-10-25 Fair Value Option) shall be disregarded and
such determination shall be made as if such election had not been made. 

Section 22.3.
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full extent permitted by law) not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 22.4. Construction, Etc. Each covenant contained herein shall be construed (absent
express provision to the contrary) as being independent of each other covenant contained herein, so that compliance with any one covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse compliance with any other covenant.
Where any provision herein refers to action to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such Person. 

Defined terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun
shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word
will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be
construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein) and, for purposes
of the Notes, shall also include any such notes issued in substitution therefor pursuant to Section 13, (b) subject to Section 22.1, any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this
Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Sections and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Sections of, and Schedules to, this Agreement, and (e) any reference to any law or
regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 

-32- 

Section 22.5. Counterparts; Electronic
Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed
by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties hereto. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of similar import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic or digital
signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same effect, validity and enforceability as manually executed signatures or a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided
for under applicable law, including the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act of 1999, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

Section 22.6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with,
and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the
application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

Section 22.7. Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) The Company irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State
or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company irrevocably
waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action
or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

(b) The Company agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any suit, action or proceeding of the
nature referred to in Section 22.7(a) brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon it subject to rights of appeal, as the case may be, and may be enforced in the courts of the United
States of America or the State of New York (or any other courts to the jurisdiction of which it or any of its assets is or may be subject) by a suit upon such judgment. 

(c) The Company consents to process being served by or on behalf of any holder of Notes in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature
referred to in Section 22.7(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered, certified priority or express mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, return receipt or delivery
confirmation requested, to it at its address specified in Section 18 or at such other address of which such holder shall then have been notified pursuant to said Section. The Company agrees that such
service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal
service upon and personal delivery to it. Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service. 

-33- 

(d) Nothing in this Section 22.7 shall affect
the right of any holder of a Note to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that the holders of any of the Notes may have to bring proceedings against the Company in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce
in any lawful manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction. 

(e) THEPARTIESHERETOHEREBYWAIVETRIALBYJURYINANYACTIONBROUGHTONORWITHRESPECTTOTHIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTESORANYOTHERDOCUMENTEXECUTEDINCONNECTIONHEREWITHORTHEREWITH. 

-34- 

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign the form of agreement on a
counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the Company, whereupon this Agreement shall become a binding agreement between you and the Company. 

Very truly yours,

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By /s/ Kevin Fease

Name: Kevin Fease

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

-35- 

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

THE NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL LIFE

INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Northwestern Mutual Investment

Management Company, LLC,

its investment advisor

By: /s/ Bradley T. Kunath

Name: Bradley T. Kunath

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

COBANK, ACB

By: /s/ Jared Greene

Name: Jared Greene

Title: Assistant Corporate Secretary

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By: /s/ Jennifer Kusa

Name: Jennifer Kusa

Title: Senior Director

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By: /s/ Jennifer Kusa

Name: Jennifer Kusa

Title: Senior Director

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY

CORPORATION INSTITUTIONALLY

OWNED LIFE INSURANCE SEPARATE ACCOUNT

(BOLI 30C)

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By: /s/ Jennifer Kusa

Name: Jennifer Kusa

Title: Senior Director

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION INSTITUTIONALLY

OWNED LIFE INSURANCE SEPARATE ACCOUNT

(BOLI 30D)

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By: /s/ Jennifer Kusa

Name: Jennifer Kusa

Title: Senior Director

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

Each Purchaser listed in Annex A1

By: Pacific Investment Management Company LLC, as investment manager, adviser or sub-advisor

By: /s/ David L. Braun

Name: David L. Braun

Title: Managing Director

1 

A copy of the amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of PIMCO ETF Trust (the Trust) is on file
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The obligations of or arising out of this Agreement are not binding upon any of the Trusts trustees, officers, employees, agents or shareholders individually, but are binding solely upon
the assets and property of the Trust in accordance with its proportionate interest hereunder. If this Agreement is executed by or on behalf of a Trust on behalf of one or more series of the Trust, the assets and liabilities of each series of the
Trust are separate and distinct and the obligations of or arising out of this Agreement are binding solely upon the assets or property of the series on whose behalf this Agreement is executed 

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

Annex A 

Anthem Health Plans of Kentucky, Inc. 

Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York 

PIMCO ETF Trust: PIMCO Active Bond Exchange-Traded Fund 

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA, a New York domiciled life insurance company

By: Nuveen Alternatives Advisors LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company, its investment manager

By: /s/ Joseph Cantey

Name: Joseph Cantey

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

RGA REINSURANCE COMPANY

By: /s/ Curtis Spillers

Name: Curtis Spillers

Title: Vice President Head of Private Placements

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

ENSIGN PEAK ADVISORS, INC.

CLIFTON PARK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/ Matthew D. Dall

Name: Matthew D. Dall

Title: Head of Credit Research

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

STATE FARM FIRE AND CASUALTY COMPANY

By: /s/ Rebekah L. Holt

Name: Rebekah L. Holt

Title: Investment Professional

By: /s/ Michelle K. Marsh

Name: Michelle K. Marsh

Title: Investment Professional

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company

By: /s/ Jason Comisar

Name: Jason Comisar

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

J.P. MORGAN CAYMAN TRUST COMPANY LIMITEDAS TRUSTEEFOR NP PRIVATE
PLACEMENT DEBT FUND

By: Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC, as Investment Adviser

By: /s/ Nicole Tullo

Name: Nicole Tullo

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. a Nebraska corporation

By: /s/ Michael R. Gatliff

Name: Michael R. Gatliff

Title: Authorized Representative

AMERITAS LIFE INSURANCE CORP. OF NEW YORK a New York corporation

By: /s/ Michael R. Gatliff

Name: Michael R. Gatliff

Title: Authorized Representative

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

TRAVELERS CASUALTY AND SURETY COMPANY OF AMERICA

By: /s/ Thomas J. Spaeth

Name: Thomas J. Spaeth

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

This Agreement is hereby 

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof. 

UNITED FARM FAMILY MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY

By: /s/ Michael Lucado

Name: Michael Lucado

Title: Senior Portfolio Manager

[Signature Page to
Note Purchase Agreement]

SCHEDULE B 

DEFINED TERMS

As used herein, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below or set forth in the Section hereof following such term: 

Affiliatemeans, when used with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly controls or
is controlled by or is under common control with the Person specified. 

Agents is defined in
Section 5.3. 

Agreementmeans this Note Purchase Agreement,
including all Schedules attached to this Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means
applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which the Company is located or doing business that relate to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto,
including without limitation Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended. 

Applicable Law means as to any Person, any law (including common law), statute, regulation, ordinance, rule, order
(including, without limitation, any commitments, undertakings and stipulations set forth therein), decree, judgment, consent decree, writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental requirement enacted, promulgated or imposed or entered into
or agreed by any Governmental Authority (including the PUCT, ERCOT and FERC), in each case applicable to or binding on such Person or any of its property or assets or to which such Person or any of its property or assets is subject. 

BONY means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, formerly The Bank
of New York). 

Business Day means (a) for the purposes of
Section 8.7 only, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York City are required or authorized to be closed, and (b) for the purposes of any other
provision of this Agreement, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York or Dallas, Texas are required or authorized to be closed. 

Called Principal is defined in Section 8.7. 

SCHEDULE B

(to Note Purchase Agreement) 

Capitalization shall mean the total of all the following items appearing
on, or included in, the Companys unconsolidated balance sheet: (i) liabilities for Indebtedness maturing more than 12 months from the date of determination, and (ii) common Equity Interests, common Equity Interest expense,
accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, preferred stock, preference stock, premium on common Equity Interests and retained earnings (however the foregoing may be designated), less, to the extent not otherwise deducted, the cost of shares or
units of the Companys Equity Interests held in the Companys treasury, if any. Capitalization shall be determined in accordance with GAAP and practices applicable to the type of business in which the Company is engaged, and may be
determined as of the date not more than 60 days prior to the happening of the event for which the determination is being made. 

Capitalized Lease Liabilities means the amount, if any, shown as liabilities on the Companys unconsolidated balance
sheet for capitalized leases of electric transmission and distribution property not owned by the Company, which amount shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and practices applicable to the type of business
in which the Company is engaged. 

Closing is defined in Section 3.

Codemeans the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Collateral Agent means BONY, acting in its capacity as collateral agent and trustee under the Deed of Trust. 

Company is defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Confidential Informationis defined in Section 20. 

Consolidated Senior Debt means the Senior Debt (other than the Qualified Transition Bonds) of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Shareholders Equity means the sum
(without duplication) of (i) total common Equity Interests or common members interest plus (ii) preferred and preference stock or preferred members interest not subject to mandatory redemption, each (in the case of clauses
(i) and (ii)) determined with respect to the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, plus (iii) Equity-Credit Preferred Securities in an aggregate liquidation preference amount not in excess of $1,000,000,000;
provided, however, that in computing Consolidated Shareholders Equity at any time, the following shall be added to the extent that the following decreased total common members interest: any cash and
non-cash charges, in an amount of up to $250,000,000 (calculated on an aggregate basis throughout the term of this Agreement), as a result of (x) rulings by state regulatory bodies having jurisdiction
over the Company or its Consolidated Subsidiaries and (y) the early retirement, repurchase or termination of debt or other securities or financing arrangements, including premiums, relating to liability management activities. 

B-2 

Consolidated Subsidiary of any Person means at any date any Subsidiary or
other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Persons consolidated financial statements as of such date; provided, however, that Qualified Transition Bond Issuers and Subsidiaries of Qualified
Transition Bond Issuers shall not be deemed to be Consolidated Subsidiaries of the Company. 

Consolidated Total
Capitalization shall mean the sum of (i) Consolidated Shareholders Equity, (ii) Consolidated Senior Debt and (iii) Subordinated Obligations excluded from the calculation of Senior Debt. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms Controlled and Controlling shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 

Debt means (A) indebtedness of the Company for borrowed money evidenced by a bond, debenture, note or other written
instrument or agreement by which the Company is obligated to repay such borrowed money, (B) any guaranty by the Company of any such indebtedness of another Person, and (C) any Capitalized Lease Liabilities of the Company. Debt
does not include, among other things, (w) indebtedness of the Company under any installment sale or conditional sale agreement or any other agreement relating to indebtedness for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (x) any
trade obligation (including obligations under power or other commodity purchase agreements and any hedges or derivatives associated therewith), or other obligations of the Company in the ordinary course of business, (y) obligations of the
Company under any lease agreement that are not Capitalized Lease Liabilities, or (z) any Liens securing indebtedness, neither assumed nor guaranteed by the Company nor on which it customarily pays interest, existing upon real estate or rights
in or relating to real estate acquired by the Company for substation, transmission line, transportation line, distribution line or right of way purposes. 

Deed of Trust means the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of May 15, 2008, by the
Company, to and for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Default
means an event or condition the occurrence or existence of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, become an Event of Default. 

Default Rate means that rate of interest per annum that is the greater of (a) 2.00% above the rate of interest stated
in clause (a) of the first paragraph of the Notes or (b) 2.00% over the rate of interest publicly announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in New York, New York as its base or prime rate. 

Disclosure Documentsis defined in Section 5.3. 

Discounted Value is defined in Section 8.7. 

EDGAR means the SECs Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System or any successor SEC electronic filing
system for such purposes. 

B-3 

Electric Utility Property means any facilities, machinery, equipment and
fixtures for the transmission and distribution of electric energy, including switchyards, towers, substations, transformers, poles, lines, cable, conduits, ducts, conductors, meters, regulators and all other property of the Company, real or
personal, or improvements, extensions, additions, renewals or replacements of the foregoing, in each case used or useful or to be used in or in connection with the business of transmitting and distributing electric energy, whether owned by the
Company at the applicable Closing or hereafter acquired (other than Excepted Property with respect to all of the property described in this definition). 

Equity-Credit Preferred Securities means securities, however denominated, (i) issued by the Company or a Consolidated
Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) that are not subject to mandatory redemption or the underlying securities, if any, of which are not subject to mandatory redemption, (iii) that are perpetual or mature no less than 30 years from the date of
issuance, (iv) the indebtedness issued in connection with which, including any guaranty, is subordinate in right of payment to the unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the issuer of such indebtedness or guaranty, and (v) the terms
of which permit the deferral of the payment of interest or distributions thereon to a date occurring after the February Closing. 

Equity Interests of any Person shall mean the shares of common stock and other voting capital stock or other voting
ownership interests having ordinary voting power to vote in the election of the board of directors or other governing body performing similar functions (except directors qualifying shares) of such Person. 

ERCOT means the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, Inc. or any other entity succeeding thereto. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended from time to time, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of section 302 of ERISA and section 412 of the Code, is treated as a
single employer under section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event, as
defined in section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in
section 412 of the Code or section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any
Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan
administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal
or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any
ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of
ERISA. 

B-4 

Event of Default is defined in
Section 11. 

Excepted Property has the meaning given to it in the Deed
of Trust. 

Excepted Securities means debt securities of the Company issued under the Indentures or a new indenture in
connection with Rule 144A or Regulation S transactions or commercial paper notes issued by the Company pursuant to its commercial paper program. 

Fair Value has the meaning given to it in the Deed of Trust. 

FATCA means (a) sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), together with any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or
relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of the foregoing clause (a), and (c) any agreements entered into pursuant to
section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

February Closing is defined in
Section 3.2. 

FERCmeans the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission or any successor. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, applied on a
consistent basis. 

Governmental Authoritymeans the government of the United States of America, any other nation
or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers
or functions of or pertaining to government. 

holder means, with respect to any Note, the Person in whose name such
Note is registered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 13.1; provided, however, that if such Person is a nominee, then for the purposes of Sections 7,
12, 17.2 and 18 and any related definitions in this Schedule B, holder shall mean the beneficial owner of such Note whose name and address appears in such register. 

Holdings is defined in Section 6.3. 

Indebtedness of any Person means (without duplication) all indebtedness of such Person (i) for borrowed money or
evidenced by bonds, indentures, notes or other similar instruments, (ii) to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade payables in the ordinary course of business that are not more than 60 days overdue) that in
accordance with GAAP would be included as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person, (iii) as lessee for the principal 

B-5 

component of all leases that are recorded as capital leases, (iv) under reimbursement agreements or similar agreements with respect to the issuance of letters of credit (other than
obligations in respect of letters of credit opened to provide for the payment of goods or services purchased in the ordinary course of business), (v) in respect of Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person (with the
Indebtedness of such Person described in this clause (v) deemed to be equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (b) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such
Person in good faith), (vi) all net payment obligations of such Person in respect of interest rate swap agreements, currency swap agreements and other similar agreements designed to hedge against fluctuations in interest rates or foreign
exchange rates and (vii) under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, liabilities, obligations or indebtedness of others of the kinds
referred to in clauses (i) through (vi) above (provided that this clause (vii) shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in
effect on the Closings or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness)); provided, however, that for all purposes, the following
shall be excluded from the definition of Indebtedness: (A) Qualified Transition Bonds (including interest rate swaps entered into by any Qualified Transition Bond Issuer of the Company in connection with Qualified Transition Bonds
issued by such Qualified Transition Bond Issuer), (B) amounts payable from the Company to current or former Affiliates in connection with nuclear decommissioning costs, retail clawback or other regulatory transition issues and (C) any
Indebtedness defeased by such Person or by any Subsidiary of such Person. 

Indentures means, collectively, (a) the
Indenture and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 2002, between the Company and BONY and (b) the Indenture (For Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of August 1, 2002, between the Company and BONY, in each case as supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time. 

INHAM Exemption is defined in
Section 6.2(e). 

Institutional Investor means (a) any Purchaser of
a Note, (b) any holder of a Note holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other
financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form, and (d) any Related Fund of any holder of any Note.

January Closing is defined in Section 3.1. 

Lien means, any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, easement, lease, reservation, restriction,
servitude, charge or similar right and any other lien of any kind, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, and any defect irregularity, exception or limitation in
record title. 

Make-Whole Amount is defined in Section 8.7. 

B-6 

Material means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs,
financial condition, assets or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Material Adverse
Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, properties or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and the Notes, or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Notes. 

Material Credit
Facility means a debt facility or indenture with banks or other institutional lenders providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, notes issuances or letters of credit, in each case with a principal amount not less than $350,000,000.

Maturity Date is defined in the first paragraph of each Note. 

Mortgaged Property has the meaning given to it in the Deed of Trust. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any of the Company, any
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is making, or accruing an obligation to make, contributions or with respect to which the Company, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate could incur liability under Title IV of ERISA. 

NAIC means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any successor thereto. 

NAIC Annual Statement is defined in Section 6.2(a). 

Net Tangible Assets means the amount shown as total assets on the Companys unconsolidated balance sheet, less
(i) intangible assets including, but without limitation, such items as goodwill, trademarks, trade names, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other regulatory assets carried as an asset on the Companys unconsolidated
balance sheet, and (ii) appropriate adjustments, if any, on account of minority interests. Net Tangible Assets shall be determined in accordance with GAAP and practices applicable to the type of business in which the Company is engaged. 

Note Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Security Documents, all documents evidencing or securing the
Obligations and all documents, instruments and agreements executed by the Company from time to time in connection with any of the foregoing, together with any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the foregoing. 

Notes is defined in Section 1. 

Obligationmeans any principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, interest, penalties, fees, charges, expenses,
indemnifications, reimbursement obligations, damages, guarantees, and other liabilities or amounts owed or payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, any Note or any of the other Note Documents by the Company to the Collateral Agent or to the
holders of the Notes. 

B-7 

Officers Certificate means a certificate of a Senior Financial
Officer or of any other officer of the Company whose responsibilities extend to the subject matter of such certificate. 

Par Call
Date means (i) with respect to the Series H Notes, the Series H Par Call Date and (ii) with respect to the Series I Notes, the Series I Par Call Date. 

Paying Agent is defined in Section 14.2. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Permitted Lien has the meaning given to it in the Deed of Trust. 

Permitted Secured Debt means, as of any particular time, any of the following: 

(a) the securities issued under the Indentures at or prior to the applicable Closing, that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of
May 6, 2019 by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2023 by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein and that certain Note Purchase Agreement,
dated as of March 27, 2024 by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein; 

(b) Secured Debt which matures less than one
year from the date of the issuance or incurrence thereof and is not extendible at the option of the issuer; and any refundings, refinancings and/or replacements of any such Secured Debt by or with similar Secured Debt which matures less than one
year from the date of such refunding, refinancing and/or replacement and is not extendible at the option of the issuer; 

(c) Secured Debt
secured by Purchase Money Liens or any other Liens existing or placed upon property at the time of, or within one hundred eighty (180) days after, the acquisition thereof by the Company, and any refundings, refinancings and/or replacements of
any such Secured Debt; provided, however, that no such Purchase Money Lien or other Lien shall extend to or cover any property of the Company other than (x) the property so acquired and improvements, extensions and additions to such property
and renewals, replacements and substitutions of or for such property or any part or parts thereof and (y) with respect to Purchase Money Liens, other property subsequently acquired by the Company; 

(d) Secured Debt relating to governmental obligations the interest on which is not included in gross income for purpose of federal income
taxation pursuant to section 103 of the Code, for the purpose of financing or refinancing, in whole or in part, costs of acquisition or construction of property to be used by the Company, to the extent that the Lien which secures such Secured Debt
is required either by applicable law or by the issuer of such governmental obligations or is otherwise necessary in order to establish or maintain such exclusion from gross income; and any refundings, refinancings and/or replacements of any such
Secured Debt by or with similar Secured Debt; 

B-8 

(e) Secured Debt (x) which is related to the construction or acquisition of property
not previously owned by the Company or (y) which is related to the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of property of the Company and (z) in either case, the obligee in respect of which has no recourse to the
Company or any property of the Company other than the property constructed or acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (or the proceeds of such property or such project); and any
refundings, refinancings and/or replacements of any Secured Debt by or with Secured Debt described in clause (z) above; and 

(f) in
addition to the Permitted Secured Debt described in clauses (a) through (e) above, Secured Debt not otherwise so permitted under this definition in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the greater of 10% of the Companys Net
Tangible Assets or 10% of Capitalization, as shown on the Companys balance sheet most recently delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(a) or
Section 7.1(b). 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation,
limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, business entity or Governmental Authority. 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of
ERISA or section 412 of the Code or section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in
section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Presentation is defined in Section 5.3. 

property or properties means, unless otherwise specifically limited, real or personal property of any
kind, tangible or intangible, choate or inchoate. 

PTE is defined in
Section 6.2(a). 

PUCT means the Public Utility Commission of Texas or
any successor. 

Purchase Money Lien means, with respect to any property being acquired by the Company, a Lien on such
property which: 

(a) is taken or retained by the transferor of such property to secure all or part of the purchase price thereof; 

(b) is granted to one or more Persons other than the transferor which, by making advances or incurring an obligation, give value to enable the
grantor of such Lien to acquire rights in or the use of such property; 

(c) is held by a trustee or agent for the benefit of one or more
Persons described in clause (a) and/or (b) above, provided that such Lien may be held, in addition, for the benefit of one or more other Persons which shall have theretofore given, or may thereafter give, value to or for the benefit or
account of the grantor of such Lien for one or more other purposes; or 

(d) otherwise constitutes a purchase money mortgage or a purchase
money security interest under applicable law; 

B-9 

and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of this Agreement, the
term Purchase Money Lien shall be deemed to include any Lien described above whether or not such Lien (x) shall permit the issuance or other incurrence of additional indebtedness secured by such Lien on such property, (y) shall permit the
subjection to such Lien of additional property and the issuance or other incurrence of additional indebtedness on the basis thereof and/or (z) shall have been granted prior to the acquisition of such property, shall attach to or otherwise cover
property other than the property being acquired and/or shall secure obligations issued prior and/or subsequent to the issuance of the obligations delivered in connection with such acquisition. 

Purchaser or Purchasers means each of the purchasers that has executed and delivered this Agreement to
the Company and such Purchasers successors and assigns (so long as any such assignment complies with Section 13.2), provided, however, that any Purchaser of a Note that ceases to be the
registered holder or a beneficial owner (through a nominee) of such Note as the result of a transfer thereof pursuant to Section 13.2 shall cease to be included within the meaning of
Purchaser of such Note for the purposes of this Agreement upon such transfer. 

Qualified Institutional
Buyer means any Person who is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of such term as set forth in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. 

Qualified Transition Bond Issuer shall mean, with respect to the Company, (i) the Company, (ii) a Subsidiary of
the Company formed and operating solely for the purpose of (A) purchasing and owning transition property created under a financing order (as such term is defined in the Texas Utilities Code) issued by the PUCT, (B) issuing such
securities pursuant to such order, (C) pledging its interests in such transition property to secure such securities and (D) engaging in activities ancillary to those described in (A), (B) and (C) or (iii) any directly or
indirectly held Subsidiary of the Company formed and operating for purposes that include owning a Person identified in clause (ii) above. 

Qualified Transition Bonds of the Company shall mean securities, however denominated, that are (i) issued by a
Qualified Transition Bond Issuer, (ii) secured by or otherwise payable from transition charges authorized pursuant to the financing order referred to in clause (ii) (A) of the definition of Qualified Transition Bond Issuer, and
(iii) non-recourse to the Company or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (other than the issuer of such securities). 

QPAM Exemption is defined in Section 6.2(d). 

Registrar is defined in Section 13.4. 

Reinvestment Yield is defined in Section 8.7. 

Related Fund means, with respect to any holder of any Note, any fund or entity that (a) invests in Securities or bank
loans, and (b) is advised or managed by such holder, the same investment advisor as such holder or by an affiliate of such holder or such investment advisor. 

Remaining Average Life is defined in Section 8.7. 

Remaining Scheduled Payments is defined in Section 8.7. 

B-10 

Reported is defined in
Section 8.7. 

Required Holders means at any time (i) prior to the
applicable Closing, the Purchasers of such Notes and (ii) on or after the such Closing, the holders of at least 50% in principal amount of such Notes at the time outstanding (in each case, exclusive of Notes then owned by the Company or any of
its Affiliates). Notes directly or indirectly owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed not to be outstanding. 

Responsible Officer means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Company with responsibility for the
administration of the relevant portion of this Agreement. 

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade
embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States of America. 

Secured Debt means Debt created, issued, incurred or assumed by the Company which is secured by a Lien upon any property
(other than Excepted Property) of the Company, real, personal or mixed, of whatever kind or nature and wherever located. For purposes of this defined term, any Capitalized Lease Liabilities of the Company will be deemed to be Debt secured by a Lien
on the Companys property. 

Secured Parties has the meaning given to it in the Deed of Trust, which for the
avoidance of doubt includes the holders of the Notes. 

Securities or Security shall have the meaning
specified in section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

Security
Documents means the Deed of Trust and any other security documents, financing statements and the like filed or recorded in connection with the foregoing. 

Sempra means Sempra, a California corporation. 

Senior Debt of any Person shall mean (without duplication) (i) all Indebtedness of such Person described in clauses
(i) through (iii) of the definition of Indebtedness, (ii) all Indebtedness of such Person described in clause (iv) of the definition of Indebtedness in respect of unreimbursed drawings under letters of credit
described in such clause (iv), and (iii) all direct or indirect guaranties of such Person in respect of, and to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, liabilities, obligations or
indebtedness of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above; provided, however, that in calculating Senior Debt of the Company, (x) any amount of Equity-Credit Preferred Securities not included in the
definition of Consolidated Shareholders Equity shall be included and (y) all Subordinated Obligations shall be excluded. 

B-11 

Senior Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal
accounting officer, treasurer or comptroller of the Company. 

series means any series of Notes issued pursuant to this
Agreement. 

Series H Notes is defined in Section 1. 

Series H Par Call Date means April 1, 2029 (the date that is one (1) month prior to the Maturity Date of the
Series H Notes). 

Series I Notes is defined in Section 1. 

Series I Par Call Date means April 1, 2034 (the date that is one (1) month prior to the Maturity Date of the
Series I Notes). 

Settlement Date is defined in Section 8.7. 

Significant Subsidiary means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Company that as of such time has total assets in excess of
10% of the total assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 

Source is defined in
Section 6.2. 

Subordinated Obligationsmeans obligations of any
Person that are subordinate in right of payment and enforcement to the prior payment of the Obligations arising under the Notes. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent), any corporation or other entity of which securities
or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such parent; provided, however, that Qualified
Transition Bond Issuers and Subsidiaries of Qualified Transition Bond Issuers shall not be deemed to be Subsidiaries of the Company. 

Substitute Purchaseris defined in Section 21. 

Successor Company is defined in Section 10.2(a)(1). 

SVO means the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC. 

United States Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code. 

USA PATRIOT Act means United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

B-12 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result
of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

B-13 

SCHEDULE 1(A) 

[FORMOF SERIES H NOTE] 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

5.15% Senior Secured Notes, Series H, due May 1, 2029 

No. R-[ ] [Date]

$[ ] PPN: 68233J D@0

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the undersigned, ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC (herein called the Company), a Delaware limited liability company, hereby promises to pay to [____________], or registered assigns, the
principal sum of [_____________________] DOLLARS (or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid) on May 1, 2029 (the Maturity Date), with interest (computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the rate of 5.15% per annum from the date hereof, payable semiannually, on the 1st day of May and November in each year, commencing on November 1, 2025, and on the Maturity Date, until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent
permitted by law, (x) on any overdue payment of interest and (y) during the continuance of an Event of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Make-Whole Amount, at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the
greater of (i) 7.15% or (ii) 2.00% over the rate of interest publicly announced by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. from time to time in New York, New York as its base or prime rate, payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at
the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand). 

Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount with respect to
this Note are to be made in lawful money of the United States of America at such place as the Company shall have designated by written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below. 

This Note is one of a series of Senior Secured Notes (herein called the Notes) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025 (as from time to time amended, the Note Purchase Agreement), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof. Each holder
of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (i) agreed to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) made the
representation set forth in Section 6.2 of the Note Purchase Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for
registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holders attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and
registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other
purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

SCHEDULE
1(a) 

(to Note Purchase Agreement) 

The Company will make required prepayments of principal on the dates and in the amounts
specified in the Note Purchase Agreement. This Note is also subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, at the times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement, but not otherwise. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner,
at the price (including any applicable Make-Whole Amount) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note shall be
construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding
choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By 

[Name]

[Title]

-2- 

SCHEDULE 1(B) 

[FORMOF SERIES I NOTE] 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC 

5.59% Senior Secured Notes, Series I, due May 1, 2034 

No. R-[ ] [Date]

$[ ] PPN: 68233J D#8

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY
COMPANY LLC (herein called the Company), a Delaware limited liability company, hereby promises to pay to [____________], or registered assigns, the principal sum of [_____________________] DOLLARS (or so much thereof as
shall not have been prepaid) on May 1, 2034 (the Maturity Date), with interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day
months) (a) on the unpaid balance hereof at the rate of 5.59% per annum from the date hereof, payable semiannually, on the 1st day of May and November in each year, commencing on
November 1, 2025, and on the Maturity Date, until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable, and (b) to the extent permitted by law, (x) on any overdue payment of interest and (y) during the continuance of an Event
of Default, on such unpaid balance and on any overdue payment of any Make-Whole Amount, at a rate per annum from time to time equal to the greater of (i) 7.59% or (ii) 2.00% over the rate of interest publicly announced by Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A. from time to time in New York, New York as its base or prime rate, payable semiannually as aforesaid (or, at the option of the registered holder hereof, on demand). 

Payments of principal of, interest on and any Make-Whole Amount with respect to this Note are to be made in lawful money of the United States
of America at such place as the Company shall have designated by written notice to the holder of this Note as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement referred to below. 

This Note is one of a series of Senior Secured Notes (herein called the Notes) issued pursuant to the Note Purchase
Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025 (as from time to time amended, the Note Purchase Agreement), between the Company and the respective Purchasers named therein and is entitled to the benefits thereof. Each holder
of this Note will be deemed, by its acceptance hereof, to have (i) agreed to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 20 of the Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) made the
representation set forth in Section 6.2 of the Note Purchase Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note is a registered Note and, as provided in the Note Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for
registration of transfer accompanied by a written instrument of transfer duly executed, by the registered holder hereof or such holders attorney duly authorized in writing, a new Note for a like principal amount will be issued to, and
registered in the name of, the transferee. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment and for all other
purposes, and the Company will not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

The Company will make required prepayments of principal on the dates and in the amounts
specified in the Note Purchase Agreement. This Note is also subject to optional prepayment, in whole or from time to time in part, at the times and on the terms specified in the Note Purchase Agreement, but not otherwise. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the principal of this Note may be declared or otherwise become due and payable in the manner,
at the price (including any applicable Make-Whole Amount) and with the effect provided in the Note Purchase Agreement. 

This Note shall be
construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the Company and the holder of this Note shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding
choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State. 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY LLC

By 

[Name]

[Title]

-2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c311-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>c311-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c311-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001193311

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity File Number 333-100240

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-2967830

Entity Address, Address Line One 1616 Woodall Rodgers Fwy.

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75202

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 486-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250130/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

c311-20250130.xsd 
c311-20250130_lab.xml 
c311-20250130_pre.xml 
d844165d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-020020-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d844165d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001193311 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY CO LLC 
DE 
false 
0001193311 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
333-100240 
75-2967830 
1616 Woodall Rodgers Fwy. 
Dallas 
TX 
75202 
(214) 
486-2000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>