<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002536.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002536.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403142352
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002536
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		180
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Synergy Empire Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001766267
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				384096727
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-235700
		FILM NUMBER:		25808910

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 19, JALAN 12/118B,
		STREET 2:		DESA TUN RAZAK
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			56100
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60391712828

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 19, JALAN 12/118B,
		STREET 2:		DESA TUN RAZAK
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			56100
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000176626700017662672025-04-032025-04-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (date of earliest event reported): April 3, 2025

SYNERGY
EMPIRE LIMITED

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Nevada 333-235700 38-4096727

(State
of

incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

Lot
1G & 2G, Kompleks Lanai, No. 2, Persiaran Seri Perdana, 62250Putrajaya, Malaysia.

(Address
of principal executive offices)

+(60)3
- 8890 2968

Registrants
telephone number, including area code

(Former
Name or former address if changed from last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
on each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Except
for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including,
among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking
statements include, among others, those statements including the words expects, anticipates, intends,
believes and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections
Description of Business, Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. You should carefully review the risks described in this Current Report on Form 8-K and in
other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any
revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document.

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number
of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information contained in Item 2.01 below relating to the Acquisition and Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) described
therein is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.01 Completion of an Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On
July 29, 2024, Synergy Empire Limited (we, us or the Company), executed an Acquisition and
Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement) with Meluha Therapeutics Berhad (Meluha), a limited company
incorporated under the laws of Malaysia, and the shareholders of Meluha. Pursuant to the Agreement, we agreed to purchase 10,000,000
shares of Meluha (the Meluha Shares), representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Meluha,
which were held by all the shareholders of Meluha. As a consideration, we agreed to issue to the shareholders of Meluha, 10,000,000 shares
of our series A preferred stock with par value of $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock), at a value of $0.23 per share, for
an aggregate value of $2,300,000. Each share of the series A Preferred Stock possesses a voting right, which equals to each of the Companys
common stock, with $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock). We consummated the acquisition of Meluha on March 28, 2025.
It is our understanding that the shareholders of Meluha are not U.S. Persons within the meaning of Regulations S. Accordingly, the Preferred
Stock are being sold pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. The foregoing description of
the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report and is
incorporated herein by reference.

Meluha
Therapeutics Berhad was incorporated under the laws of Malaysia on April 2, 2009. Meluha is a biopharmaceutical company, with it headquarter
in Malaysia. It primarily involves in manufacturing and wholesaling business of biopharmaceutical and medical products. Meluha manufactures
cell-based medicinal products and exosome-based medicine using innovative stem cell technology. Their clients are mainly hospitals and
clinics in Malaysia and South East Asia. Meluhas executive office is located at Lot 8D, Jalan Teknologi 3/6, Kawasan Perindustrian
Nouvelle, Taman Sains Selangor, 1, Pju 5 Kota Damansara, 47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.

Upon
the acquisition of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad by the Company, the directors of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, Ramesh A/L Saravanamuthu and
Abdul Jalil bin Jidon received 3,359,438 and 3,188,437 shares of the Companys Series A preferred stock, respectively.

1

CORPORATE
HISTORY

Synergy
Empire Limited, a Nevada corporation (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 17,
2018.

On
October 17, 2018, Mr. Leong Will Liam was appointed as President, Secretary, Treasurer and a member of our Board of directors. Also,
on October 17, 2018, Mr. Law Jia Ming was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

On
October 17, 2018, the Company sold and subsequently issued 900,000 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Leong Will Liam, our Director,
President, Secretary and Treasurer. The price paid per share was $0.30, for aggregate proceeds to the Company of $27,000. Proceed from
the issuance of shares went to the Company to be used as working capital.

In
regards to all of the above transactions we claim an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation S of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Regulation S) for the above sales of the stock since the sales of the stock were made
to non-U.S. persons (as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore transactions, and no directed
selling efforts were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting
on behalf of any of the foregoing.

On
December 31, 2018, SEHL acquired 100% of the equity interests of SEHK from our director, Leong Will Liam, in consideration of HK$1 (Equivalent
to about $0.13).

On
January 16, 2019, We, Synergy Empire Limited, acquired 100% of the equity interests of Synergy Empire Holding Limited,
a company incorporated in republic of the Marshall Islands (SEHL), from our director, Mr. Leong Will Liam, in consideration
of $1. SEHL owns 100% of Synergy Empire Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong (SEHK).

On
February 21, 2019, SEHK acquired 100% of the equity interests of Lucky Star F&B Sdn. Bhd., (Lucky Star), a company
incorporated in Malaysia on February 9, 2010, from CBA Capital Holdings Sdn. Bhd., a Company owned and controlled by our Director, Mr.
Leong Will Liam.

Lucky
Star is the owner of 100% of the equity interests of SH Dessert Sdn. Bhd. (SH Dessert), a company incorporated in Malaysia
on February 19, 2016.

On
December 26, 2019, the Company has submitted initial Form S-1 Registration Statement to S.E.C registering an offering by the Company
amounted up to $1,500,000 and offering by selling shareholder amounted to $500,000 respectively to Securities & Exchange Commission
(S.E.C), which was later declared effective on March 10, 2020.

On
December 30, 2020, the Company resolved to close the public offering pursuant to Form S-1, resulting in 100,000 shares of common stock
being sold at $5.00 per share for a total of $500,000. The proceed of $500,000 went directly to the Company and shall be utilized pursuant
to the use of proceed stated in the Form S-1.

On
February 26, 2021, the Company transferred the entire shareholding of Lucky Star F&B Sdn. Bhd. from SEHK to SEHL due to a corporate
restricting reason.

On
March 31, 2021, the Company dispose SEHK to Mr. Leong Will Liam, our director, at Hong Kong Dollar One (HKD1), equivalent
to $0.13. The disposal was because of uncertain Hong Kong political and economic environment.

2

On
October 31, 2023, the director and officers of the Company, Leong Will Liam (President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director) and Law Jia
Ming (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) resigned their positions with the Company. Upon such resignations, Hsien
Loong Wong was appointed as President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director of the Company.

On
December 20, 2023, the Company issued 25,000 shares of the Companys common stock in a total consideration of $25,000.

On
January 1, 2024, the Company disposed SEHL to Mr. Tan Peh Hin Michael in a consideration of $1.00. The disposal indirectly resulted in
the divestiture of two subsidiaries in Malaysia, Lucky Star and SH Dessert. The board believes that the disposal of these subsidiaries
would help on reducing the Companys ongoing accumulated deficits, leading to more efficient operations in the long term.

As
of March 31, 2024, the Company had an issued and outstanding share of common stock of 1,025,000 while no preferred share was issued and
outstanding.

On
May 1, 2024, the Company issued 500,000 shares of the Companys common stock to Michael Tan and Andy Choe with 250,000 shares each,
at a price of $0.20 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $100,000. Proceeds from the share issuance went to the Company to be used for
general corporate purposes.

The
Company was previously providing consultancy services to restaurant owners, specializing in restaurant and kitchen management. This strategic
move leverages the Directors extensive experience in the food and beverage industry. By offering expert guidance on various aspects
of restaurant operations, the consultancy aims to help restaurant owners optimize their business performance. Services may include improving
kitchen efficiency, menu planning, staff training, cost management, and implementing best practices for food safety and customer service.

On
March 28, 2025, the Company acquired Meluha Therapeutics Berhad (Meluha), a limited company incorporated under the laws
of Malaysia. As a result, the Company decided to shift our business from food and beverage industry to healthcare and pharmaceutical
industry, by manufacturing and wholesaling biopharmaceutical and medical products. We manufacture cell-based medicinal products and exosome-based
medicine using innovative stem cell technology. Our clients are mainly hospitals and clinics in Malaysia and South East Asia.

3

Acquisition
of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad

Upon
our acquisition of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, our corporate structure is below:

All
references to the Company, we, us, our or Meluha below after this
are referred to Meluha Therapeutics Berhad on a consolidated basis.

DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS OF MELUHA THERAPEUTICS BERHAD

Business
Description

Meluha
Therapeutics Berhad (Meluha) was incorporated under the laws of Malaysia on April 2, 2009. Meluha is a biopharmaceutical
company, with its headquarter in Malaysia. We primarily involve in manufacturing and wholesaling business of biopharmaceutical and medical
products. We manufacture cell-based medicinal products and exosome-based medicine using innovative stem cell technology. Our clients
are mainly hospitals and clinics in Malaysia and South East Asia. Our current main products are described as below.

myCell

myCell
is an advanced regenerative drug product consisting of a liquid suspension derived from human Whartons Jelly, which comes from
umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells (hWJ-MSCs). It is administered intra-articularly into the knee of patients with osteoarthritis
experiencing Kellegren-Lawrence Grade (KLG) symptoms who have not found sufficient relief from standard care medications. By leveraging
the regenerative potential of stem cells, myCell aims to reduce inflammation, promote tissue repair, and improve joint function. It is
available in two dosage forms: pre-filled syringes (2 mL) and pre-filled infusion bags (50 mL), with each containing either 25, 50, or
100 million cells to accommodate varying treatment needs.

Chondrogen

Chondrogen
is a treatment package that combines allogeneic human Whartons Jelly-derived mesenchymal stromal cells (hWJ-MSCs) with hyaluronic
acid, which acts as a supportive scaffold for cell attachment and tissue regeneration. These components can be administered separately
or reconstituted together for intra-articular injection into the affected knee. This treatment is designed for knee cartilage defects
in patients with osteoarthritis, specifically for those with an International Cartilage Repair Society (ICRS) Grade IV cartilage defect
resulting from degeneration or repetitive trauma. Chondrogen is available in pre-filled syringes (2 mL or 20 mL) containing 5, 15, 20,
or 100 million MSCs. Additionally, a single pre-filled 3 mL syringe contains 90 mg of hyaluronic acid, providing a well-rounded treatment
option tailored to different patient needs.

The
Companys executive office is located at Lot 8D, Jalan Teknologi 3/6, Kawasan Perindustrian Nouvelle, Taman Sains Selangor, 1,
Pju 5 Kota Damansara, 47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.

4

Industry
Overview

This
section includes market and industry data sourced from publicly available information, industry reports, published materials, and our
internal research and assessments. Although we consider these sources to be reliable, we have not independently validated the data. Our
internal insights, projections, and analyses are derived from information gathered through trade and business associations, market interactions,
and our managements perspective on industry trends.

Industry
and Market Opportunities

Life
Expectancy versus GDP per capital

The
relationship between life expectancy and GDP per capita has been extensively studied, revealing a strong correlation between a nations
economic prosperity and the health and longevity of its population. Generally, countries with higher GDP per capita tend to exhibit longer
life expectancies, while those with lower GDP per capita often experience shorter lifespans.

For
instance, South Korea with a GDP per capita of approximately $50,572 in 2023, boasted a life expectancy of about 84.3 years1.
Conversely, China with a GDP per capita of around $22,138 in 2023, had a life expectancy of approximately 78.0 years1. This
trend is attributed to factors associated with economic development and growth, including advanced healthcare systems, enhanced nutrition
and dietary habits, higher education levels, and better access to medical facilities and treatments2.

Furthermore,
global life expectancy has been on the rise over the past decades, reflecting overall improvements in healthcare and living standards
worldwide. According to MacroTrends, the global life expectancy in 2025 is projected to be 73.49 years, up from 71.44 years in 20153.

Remaining
Life Expectancy at Different Ages in Malaysia

As
of 2025, Malaysias life expectancy at birth is estimated to be 76.93 years, reflecting a 0.55% increase from 76.36 years in 20214.
This upward trend highlights ongoing improvements in healthcare, living standards, and public health initiatives.

5

Malaysia
Life Expectancy 1960-2025

Source:
https://www.macrotrends.net/global-metrics/countries/MYS/malaysia/life-expectancy

Examining
life expectancy at specific ages provides further insights into the nations health dynamics. Males who reach the age of 15 years
in 2024 are expected to live an additional 58.8 years, totalling a life expectancy of 73.8 years. Females at the same age are projected
to live another 63.4 years, culminating in a total life expectancy of 78.4 years5.

At
age 60, males in 2024 can anticipate an additional 18.6 years, resulting in a total life expectancy of 78.6 years. Females reaching 60
years are expected to live another 21.4 years, indicating a total life expectancy of 81.4 years5.

These
figures underscore Malaysias ongoing improvements in public health and the effectiveness of interventions aimed at enhancing longevity.
The consistent increase in life expectancy across various age groups highlights the nations commitment to fostering a healthier
population.

6

Demographic
Shifts and Health Challenges in Malaysia

Malaysia
is experiencing significant demographic changes characterized by increased life expectancy and a rising elderly population. This increase
in longevity has led to a higher prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) among Malaysians. The National Health and Morbidity Survey
(NHMS) 2023 revealed that approximately 15.6% of adults have diabetes, 29.2% have hypertension, and 33.3% have high cholesterol. Alarmingly,
over two million adults are living with three NCDs concurrently, such as diabetes, hypertension, and high cholesterol6.

The
economic impact of NCDs is substantial. A 2024 report highlighted that NCDs cost the Malaysian economy approximately USD 14 billion annually,
equivalent to 4.2% of the countrys GDP. This includes around USD 3 billion in direct healthcare costs and USD 11 billion due to
reduced workforce productivity and loss7.

Global
Fertility Rates

Globally,
fertility rates have declined significantly. In the 1950s, the average total fertility rate was around 4.9 children per woman, decreasing
to approximately 2.3 in 20238. This trend has led to demographic shifts, including aging populations and increased old-age
dependency ratios.

Old-age
dependency ratio

The
old-age dependency ratio, which measures the proportion of individuals aged 65 and above relative to the working-age population, is on
the rise. In 2024, Malaysias age dependency ratio for elderly individuals was reported at 11%, compared to the global average
of 16%. This ratio is expected to increase to 13.3% in 2030 and 25.1% in 2050 respectively. This increase indicates a greater economic
and social responsibility on the working-age population to support the elderly9.

These
demographic and health trends underscore the growing need among Malaysias senior population for dignity, independence, and an
extended health span. Addressing these needs requires comprehensive strategies, including enhancing healthcare services, promoting healthy
lifestyles, and implementing policies that support the well-being of the elderly.

Regenerative
Medicine Market

The
global regenerative medicine market is experiencing robust growth. According to Precedence Research, the market was valued at USD 35.80
billion in 2024 and is projected to reach approximately USD 212.80 billion by 2034. This growth is driven by an aging population, increasing
prevalence of degenerative conditions, advancements in clinical trials, and a focus on extending health span. The Asia Pacific market
was reached at USD 5.16 billion in 2024 and is growing at a registered CAGR of 25% from 2025 to 203410.

Meluha
Therapeutics Berhad operates within the regenerative medicine market, particularly in the cell therapy sub-segment, which led the regenerative
medicine market with a share of 56.88% in 202410. As of 2024, the global cell therapy market was valued at USD 6.04 billion
and is anticipated to reach around USD 47.72 billion by 2034, growing at a CAGR of 22.96%11.

7

Malaysia
Healthcare System and Biopharmaceutical Market

Malaysias
healthcare system comprises a universal, tax-funded public sector offering minimal fees to patients and a rapidly expanding private sector.
In 2025, the pharmaceutical market in Malaysia is projected to generate revenue of approximately USD 1.74 billion12. The biopharmaceutical
contract manufacturing segment is also witnessing significant growth, with expected market increase from USD 31.44 million in 2023 to
USD 116.36 million by 2032, reflecting a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15.63%,13.

Regenerative
Medicine Tourism (Stem Cell Tourism)

Malaysia
has emerged as a prominent destination for medical tourists, particularly from Indonesia, China, and India. In 2023, the country recorded
over one million healthcare traveller arrivals, marking a 15% increase from 850,000 in 2022. Notably, Indonesian patients comprised approximately
70% to 80% of these arrivals, underscoring Malaysias appeal in the region14.

The
demand for regenerative medicine, including stem cell therapies, is rising as patients seek advanced treatments for degenerative conditions.
Orthopaedic procedures, a significant component of regenerative medicine, are particularly sought after. Malaysia offers a cost advantage
in this field, with total knee replacement surgeries ranging from approximately $3,600 to $12,000, significantly lower than in neighbouring
countries, such as Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia15.

For
Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, these trends present a strategic opportunity to attract international patients seeking innovative regenerative
therapies. By leveraging Malaysias well-developed medical tourism infrastructure and affordability, Meluha Therapeutics Berhad
can strengthen its position in the regional market.

References:

1. https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/life-expectancy-un-vs-gdp-per-capita-wb

2. https://www.hinrichfoundation.com/research/wp/sustainable/connecting-trade-and-life-expectancy/

3. https://www.macrotrends.net/global-metrics/countries/WLD/world/life-expectancy

4. https://www.macrotrends.net/global-metrics/countries/MYS/malaysia/life-expectancy

5. https://www.dosm.gov.my/portal-main/release-content/abridged-life-tables-malaysia-2024

6. https://codeblue.galencentre.org/2024/05/over-two-million-adults-in-malaysia-live-with-three-ncds-nhms-2023/

7. https://uniatf.who.int/about-us/news/item/18-12-2024-new-report-highlights-threat-of-non-communicable-diseases-to-malaysia

8. https://ourworldindata.org/fertility-rate

9. https://www.worldeconomics.com/Demographics/Age-Dependency-Ratio-Old/Malaysia.aspx

10. https://www.precedenceresearch.com/regenerative-medicine-market

11. https://www.precedenceresearch.com/cell-therapy-market

12. https://www.statista.com/outlook/hmo/pharmaceuticals/malaysia

13. https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/malaysia-biopharmaceuticals-contract-manufacturing-market

14. https://www.mida.gov.my/mida-news/malaysia-sets-sight-on-emerging-as-leading-healthcare-destination-by-2025

15. https://majikan.my/knee-surgery-cost-in-malaysia

8

Our
Strategies and Approaches

Our
strategies and approaches are built on four key pillars that drive innovation, quality, and sustainability in regenerative medicine.

Regulatory
Science: A Strategic Enabler for Innovation and Excellence

We
are committed to meeting and exceeding current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) standards to ensure that our cell therapy products
are safe, effective, and reliable. By adhering to rigorous regulatory science, we maintain high standards of sterility, environmental
monitoring, and compliance with global health regulations, including those set by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
and Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in United Kingdom.

Enabling
People to Live Longer, Healthier Lives

Patient
safety and treatment efficacy remain our top priorities in product development, with a strong focus on early detection for early prevention
of diseases. Our personalized clinical trial designs provide precision-driven therapies tailored to the unique phenotypes and endotypes
of degenerative diseases, ensuring that patients receive the most effective treatment solutions.

Advancing
Sustainable Bioprocessing

We
continuously enhance our bioprocessing techniques to achieve a more sustainable and efficient production process. By integrating innovative
approaches, such as the MiRNA-Exosome Protective Layer, we improve cell resilience, consistency, and effectiveness. Additionally, we
prioritize the use of environmentally friendly packaging materials for filling and packing cell-based products, reducing our ecological
footprint.

Fostering
a Culture of Integrity & Excellence

We
cultivate a quality-focused mindset across all teams, embedding excellence as a core competitive advantage, as demonstrated by initiatives
like Transformers of Meluha. Our culture is built on accountability, ethical practices, continuous learning, and data-driven decision-making,
ensuring long-term success and leadership in the industry.

By
upholding these principles, we strive to advance the field of regenerative medicine while delivering impactful and patient-centred solutions.

9

Intellectual
Property

We
believe that our business success dependent on the combination of protections afforded by trademark, trade secret, as well as confidentiality agreements, to protect
our proprietary rights. We summarize the following intellectual properties ownership relating to the Company after this acquisition:

Domain
Name

Company Types Domain
Name 

1. Meluha
Therapeutics Berhad Domain
Name meluhatx.com 

Trademark/
Pending Trademark Filing

Trademark
Image Trademark
Classes Description Trademark
No./ Application No. 

Application

Date Application
Status

Class 511 Company Logo TM2024024002 2024/08/08 Pending Approval

Competition

We
operate in a highly competitive industry and are committed to becoming a manufacturer of cell-based medicinal products and exosome-based
therapies. Our primary focus is on wholesaling these innovative products to hospitals and clinics across Malaysia and Southeast Asia.
While numerous alternatives exist in the market, we aim to differentiate ourselves by fostering strong client relationships and maintaining
an unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional products.

To
sustain our competitive edge, we continuously invest in research and innovation in stem cell technology. This ensures that our products
remain at the forefront of medical advancements, allowing us to adapt to the latest technological changes and effectively compete within
our industry. Additionally, we work closely with our clients to gain deeper insights into their needs, enabling us to manufacture cutting-edge
solutions tailored to their specific requirements. By prioritizing customer satisfaction, we aim to build long-term partnerships, drive
repeat sales, and encourage client referrals. Furthermore, Meluha Therapeutics Berhad actively participates in industry roadshows, conferences,
and networking events to expand our presence in Southeast Asia and introduce our products to new markets.

To
maximize outreach and brand visibility, we leverage multiple digital platforms, including LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, and Facebook,
for marketing and promotional efforts. Additionally, we encourage satisfied clients to provide recommendation letters, further strengthening
our reputation and increasing awareness of our products. Through these strategic initiatives, we strive to strengthen our market position,
expand our customer base, and drive sustainable growth in the evolving field of regenerative medicine.

Government
and Industry Regulations

We
are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations related to data protection and intellectual
property. If we fail to comply with present or future pharmaceutical laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, suspension
of production or a cessation of operations. In addition, under some foreign, federal, state and local statutes and regulations, a governmental
agency may seek recovery and response costs from operators that violates the laws such as data breaching or illegal use of intellectual
property, even if the operator was not responsible for the release or otherwise was not at fault.

If
we become aware of the need for any permits necessary to conduct our operations, then we will apply for and attempt to receive all pharmaceutical
related intellectual property or permits necessary to conduct our business. As of the current date, we are not aware of any intellectual
property or license that need to be registered from foreign, federal, state or local agencies. Any failure by us to control the use of
others intellectual property or data breaching could subject us to substantial financial liabilities, operational interruptions
and adverse publicity, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

10

We
have listed the primary, but not necessarily only, rules and regulations that we believe apply to our business below:

Malaysia

1) Sale
of Drugs Act 1952

The
Sale of Drugs Act 1952 is a key Malaysian legislation designed to regulate the importation, sale, supply, and distribution of drugs to
ensure public safety and prevent the circulation of substandard or harmful medicines. It establishes legal provisions to control both
pharmaceutical and traditional medicines, ensuring that only authorized and licensed parties can handle the sale and distribution of
drugs. The Act is enforced by the Ministry of Health Malaysia (MOH) and works alongside other regulations, such as the Control of Drugs
and Cosmetics Regulations 1984 (CDCR 1984), to maintain high standards of safety, quality, and efficacy in the pharmaceutical sector.

A
critical component of the Act is the establishment of the Drug Control Authority (DCA), which oversees the registration, licensing, and
regulation of pharmaceutical products in Malaysia. Under this law, all drugs must be registered before they can be sold, and manufacturers,
importers, and wholesalers must obtain proper licenses. The Act also governs the conditions under which drugs can be dispensed, including
the requirement that certain medications can only be sold with a valid prescription. This helps prevent the misuse or overuse of certain
pharmaceutical products, protecting public health from the dangers of self-medication and drug abuse.

The
Sale of Drugs Act 1952 also includes provisions that regulate drug advertisements, ensuring that promotional materials do not contain
false or misleading claims. This helps prevent the public from being deceived by unverified health benefits or miracle cure claims. Violations
of the Act, such as selling unregistered drugs, operating without a license, or engaging in false advertising, can result in severe penalties,
including fines, imprisonment, and business closure. Through strict enforcement, this Act plays a crucial role in maintaining the integrity
of Malaysias pharmaceutical industry and protecting consumers from unsafe or ineffective medical products.

2) Control
of Drugs and Cosmetics Regulations 1984 (CDCR 1984)

The
Control of Drugs and Cosmetics Regulations 1984 is a Malaysian regulation enacted under the Sale of Drugs Act 1952 to ensure the safety,
quality, and efficacy of pharmaceutical products and cosmetics in the country. It provides a comprehensive legal framework for the registration,
manufacturing, importation, sale, and advertisement of drugs and cosmetics. The regulation is enforced by the National Pharmaceutical
Regulatory Agency (NPRA) under the authority of the Drug Control Authority (DCA), which is responsible for evaluating and approving pharmaceutical
products before they enter the market.

Under
CDCR 1984, all pharmaceutical products, including prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines, and traditional medicines, must be
registered with the DCA before being sold. Manufacturers, importers, and wholesalers must obtain appropriate licenses to ensure compliance
with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and Good Distribution Practices (GDP). Similarly, cosmetic products must be notified to NPRA
before being marketed, ensuring that they meet safety standards and do not contain prohibited or harmful substances. The regulations
also include provisions for monitoring the quality of products through post-market surveillance, which helps detect and prevent counterfeit
or substandard drugs and cosmetics.

CDCR
1984 also regulates the advertisement of pharmaceutical and cosmetic products to prevent misleading or false claims that could endanger
public health. Any advertisements related to drugs must be approved by the Medicines Advertisement Board (MAB) to ensure compliance with
legal and ethical standards. Failure to comply with these regulations can result in severe penalties, including fines, suspension or
cancellation of product registration, and even legal action against violators. By enforcing strict control measures, the CDCR 1984 plays
a crucial role in safeguarding public health and ensuring that only safe and effective products are available in the market.

3) Good
Laboratory Practice (GLP)

Good
Laboratory Practice in Malaysia is regulated to ensure the quality, integrity, and reliability of non-clinical safety data used in drug
development, chemical testing, and environmental studies. It is governed by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
Principles (OECD Principles) of GLP, which Malaysia has adopted through the Malaysian National GLP Compliance Program, overseen by the
National Pharmaceutical Regulatory Agency (NPRA) and the Department of Standards Malaysia (DSM). Malaysias GLP framework is closely
aligned with international regulatory agencies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Medicines and
Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in United Kingdom, to ensure global acceptance of its test data.

The
FDA enforces GLP regulations under 21 CFR Part 58, which outlines the requirements for conducting non-clinical laboratory studies in
drug development, food safety, and medical device testing. Malaysian laboratories that comply with Malaysias GLP standards can
have their non-clinical data accepted by the FDA, especially for pharmaceutical and chemical product submissions. By following internationally
recognized OECD GLP principles, Malaysia ensures its preclinical testing meets FDA expectations, facilitating the approval process for
Malaysian pharmaceutical exports to the U.S.

The
MHRA enforces GLP under the Medicines Act 1971, requiring non-clinical safety studies to follow OECD GLP standards. Since Malaysias
GLP compliance program adheres to OECD guidelines, Malaysian-generated non-clinical safety data can be recognized by the MHRA for drug
approvals in the United Kingdom. This mutual alignment helps Malaysian laboratories gain international credibility and allows for easier
collaboration in pharmaceutical and chemical safety assessments.

Malaysias
GLP compliance with FDA and MHRA standards ensures that Malaysian preclinical research data is accepted in the United States, United
Kingdom, and other OECD-member countries. This helps Malaysian research institutions, pharmaceutical companies, and contract research
organizations (CROs) participate in global drug development while maintaining high scientific and ethical standards.

4) Personal
Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA)

Personal
Data Protection Department (PDPD) is an agency under the Ministry of Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) was established
on May 16, 2011 after the Parliament passed the bill relating to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) of Act 709. The main responsibility
of this department is to oversee the processing of personal data of individuals involved in commercial transactions by User Data that
is not misused and misapplied by the parties concerned.

Based
on laws and regulations regarding PDPA requires that an individual must consent to the processing and disclosure of his/her personal
data. In processing personal data, we are also required to take steps and implement measures to protect the personal data from loss,
misuse and modification and maintain the integrity of the personal data processed. The personal data processed should not be kept longer
than is necessary for the fulfilment of the purpose for which it was collected and generally cannot be transferred offshore without the
consent of the individual to whom it relates.

5) Intellectual Property Protection

Intellectual
property system in Malaysia is administered by the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO), an agency under the Ministry
of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs. Intellectual property protection in Malaysia comprises of patents, trademarks, industrial designs,
copyright and etc.

a. Patents

The
Patents Act 1983 and the Patents Regulations 1986 govern patent protection in Malaysia. An applicant may file a patent application directly
if he is domicile or resident in Malaysia. A foreign application can only be filed through a registered patent agent in Malaysia acting
on behalf of the applicant. Under the Act, the utility innovation certificate provides for an initial duration of ten years protection
from the date of filing of the application and renewable for further two consecutive terms of five years each subject to use.

11

b. Trademarks

Trademark
protection is governed by the Trademarks Act 1976 and the Trademarks Regulations 1997. The Act provides protection for registered trademarks
and service marks in Malaysia. Once registered, no person or enterprise other than its proprietor or authorized users may use them. Infringement
action can be initiated against abusers. The period of protection is ten years, renewable for a period of every ten years thereafter.
The proprietor of the trademark or service mark has the right to deal or assign as well as to license its use. As with patents, while
local applicant may file applications on their own, foreign applicants will have to do so through registered trademark agents.

c. Copyright

The
Copyright Act 1987 provides comprehensive protection for copyright works. The Act outlines the nature of works eligible for copyright
(which includes computer programs), the scope of protection, and the manner in which the protection is accorded. Copyright subsists in
every work eligible for copyright protection of which the author is a qualified person.

The
Copyright (Amendment) Act 2012 entered into force on 1 March 2012. The Act was amended to be in line with technological development and
to adhere to the international IP conventions/treaties relating to copyright and related rights.

Seasonality

Our
management believes that our operations are generally not subject to seasonal influences.

Regulation
Regarding Labor and Social Insurance

Employment
Act 1955 (Act 265)

The
Employment Act 1955 (Act 265) (the 1955 Act) is the primary legislation on labour matters in Malaysia. The 1955 Act provides for
minimum work requirements and benefits of employment, such as maximum working hours, overtime entitlement, leave entitlement, maternity
protection and termination benefits. Following the implementation of the Employment (Amendment of First Schedule) Order 2022, which came
into force on January 1, 2023, the applicability of the EA 1955 has been expanded to include any person who has entered into a contract
of service with an employer, irrespective of their monthly wages, is engaged in manual labor, serves as a supervisor of such manual labour,
serves as a domestic employee, or is engaged in any capacity in any vessel registered in Malaysia subject to certain conditions..

12

Employee
Provident Fund Act 1991 (EPF) 

The
Employees Provident Fund Act 1991 (Act 452) (the 1991 Act) imposes the statutory obligations on employers and employees
to make contribution towards the Employees Provident Fund, which is essentially a fund established as a scheme of savings for employees
retirement and the management of savings for the retirement purposes. Under the 1991 Act, any employer who fails to pay the necessary
contributions by the 15th of every month shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or to a fine not exceeding
ten thousand ringgit or to both.

Employee
Social Security Act 1969

The
Employees Social Security Act 1969 (Act 4) (the 1969 Act) was implemented to provide protection for employees and
their families against economic and social distress in situations where the employees sustain injury or death. The schemes of social
security under the 1969 Act are administered by Social Security Organization (SOCSO) and are financed by compulsory contributions
made by the employers and the employees. Under the 1969 Act, any person who fails to make contribution shall be all be punishable with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine not exceeding ten thousand Ringgit, or with both.

Employees

As
of March 31, 2024, we have the following full-time employees:

Management 3 

Laboratory Researcher 15 

Administration, Human
Resources and Finance 1 

Total 19 

All
of our employees are located in Malaysia. We believe that we maintain good relationships with our employees and have not experienced
any strikes or shutdowns and have not been involved in any labour disputes.

Corporate
Information

Our
principal executive and registered offices are located at Lot 8D, Jalan Teknologi 3/6, Kawasan Perindustrian Nouvelle, Taman Sains Selangor,
1, Pju 5 Kota Damansara, 47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia..

13

RISK
FACTORS

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information about these risks,
together with the other information contained in this prospectus before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial
condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result of any of the following risks. The value of
our securities could decline as a result of any of these risks. You could lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Some
of the statements in Risk Factors are forward looking statements.

Risks
Relating to our Business

We
operate in a highly competitive industry, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected if we are unable to compete effectively.

There
are similar products in current marketplace that compete with us. Certain of these competitors and potential competitors have longer
operating histories, substantially greater service development capabilities and financial, commercial and marketing resources. Competitors
and potential competitors may also innovate products that are more effective or have other potential advantages compared to our products.
In addition, research, development and commercialization efforts by others could render our products obsolete or non-competitive. Certain
of our competitors and potential competitors have broader products offerings and extensive client bases, allowing them to adopt aggressive
pricing policies that would enable them to gain market share. Competitive pressures could result in price reductions, reduced margins
and loss of market share. We could encounter potential clients that, due to existing relationships with our competitors, are purchasing
the products offered by those competitors. As a result, those potential clients may not consider taking our products. If we fail to compete
successfully, we could lose out in acquiring new clients, which could result in an adverse impact on our financial performance and business
prospects.

Our
industry is subject to rapid change, which could make the products we offer, obsolete. If we are unable to continue to innovate and improve
our diagnostic tests and services we offer, we could lose customers or market share.

Our
industry is characterized by rapid changes, including technological and scientific breakthroughs, frequent new product introductions
and enhancements and evolving industry standards, all of which could make our current products and others we are developing obsolete.
Our future success will depend on our ability to keep pace with the evolving needs of our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis
and to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of scientific and technological advances. In recent years, there have
been numerous advances in technologies relating to the biopharmaceutical products. There have also been advances in methods used to analyse
very large amounts of molecular information. We must continuously enhance our offerings and develop new and improved products to keep
pace with evolving standards of care. If we do not leverage or scale our sample and data biobank to discover new products or update our
products to reflect new scientific knowledge, our products could become obsolete and sales of our current products and any new tests
we develop could decline or fail to grow as expected. This failure to make continuous improvements to our products to keep ahead of those
of our competitors could result in the loss of customers or market share that would adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

Biopharmaceutical
products are subject to sales risks.

Biopharmaceutical
product sales may be lower than expected due to a number of reasons, including pricing pressures, insufficient demand, product competition,
failure of clinical trials, lack of market acceptance, obsolescence, loss of patent protection, or other factors and development-stage
product candidates may fail to reach the market. Unexpected side effects, safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to a product,
leading to product recalls, withdrawals or declining sales. As a result, sales of our products may be reduced, causing our near-term
financial performance to be weaker than expected.

Our
corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity
and teamwork fostered by our culture and our business may be harmed.

We
believe that our culture has been and will continue to be a critical contributor to our success. We expect to continue to hire aggressively
as we expand, and we believe our corporate culture has been crucial in our success and our ability to attract highly skilled personnel.
If we do not continue to develop our corporate culture or maintain and preserve our core values as we grow and evolve, we may be unable
to foster the innovation, curiosity, creativity, focus on execution, teamwork and the facilitation of critical knowledge transfer and
knowledge sharing we believe we need to support our growth.

14

Changes
in customer expectation in our industry and market may materially affect the results of our operations.

The
risk of not meeting our customer expectations may result in a shift in market shares. Our customers may not be satisfied with the products
we deliver, therefore there is a possibility that they will choose products offered by our competitors. This may result in lower sales
revenue and market share.

If
we fail to maintain quality products and value, our sales and operating results could be adversely impacted.

Our
success depends on the safety and quality of products that we manufactured and developed, which directly influence customer perceptions
of our brand. If we fail to uphold the expected level of quality and value, our sales and operating results may suffer. Any decline in
the quality of products could significantly impact our business operations, potentially forcing us to alter our business strategy significantly.

We
may incur losses due to product liability, recalls, or adverse publicity.

We
may face significant losses from product liability claims, recalls, or negative publicity related to products we manufactured. If our
products are found to be defective, unsafe, or contaminated, we could be subject to claims, indemnities, or regulatory actions. In severe
cases, product-related incidents resulting in injury or death could lead to legal action, forced recalls, or even the shutdown of certain
operations by regulatory authorities. Such disruptions could incur additional costs, divert managements focus, and adversely impact
our business, financial condition, and operational results.

A
decline in general economic condition could lead to reduced consumer demand and could negatively impact our business operation and financial
condition, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our
operating and financial performance may be adversely affected by a variety of factors that influence the general economy. Consumer spending
habits are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of unemployment, salaries and wage rates, prevailing
interest rates, income tax rates and policies, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. In addition, consumer
purchasing patterns may be influenced by consumers disposable income. In the event of an economic slowdown, consumer spending
habits could be adversely affected and we could experience lower net sales than expected on a quarterly or annual basis which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes
in, or any failure to comply with, applicable laws or regulations could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our restaurants
and/or increase our cost to do so, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance.

We
are required to comply with Malaysia laws and regulations in our daily operation, including, without limitation, those relating to public
health and safety, drug control and cosmetic, environmental hazards, labour and employment laws, including, without limitation, minimum
wage laws, data security and labelling. Changes to these laws and regulations may create challenges for us, and while we subscribe to
certain services and have established procedures to identify changes in the laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will
identify every change and comply therewith on a timely basis. We may incur penalties and other costs, sanctions and adverse publicity
by failing to comply with applicable laws, any of which could materially adversely affect our financial performance.

If
we are unable to hire qualified personnel and retain or motivate key personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively.

Our
success relies on attracting, developing, and retaining skilled personnel across our organization, particularly senior executives and
other key team members. Given the competitive landscape in our industry, securing top talent is critical for our growth. Losing key individuals
or facing challenges in quickly replacing them could disrupt operations and impede our strategic objectives. In addition, failure to
engage or motivate our existing team may adversely impact our ability to execute our business strategy effectively.

15

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert our managements attention and affect our ability to attract
and retain qualified board members.

As
a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and will be required to comply with the applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations
will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, making some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and more demanding
on our resources. Among other things, the Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our
business and results of operations and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting.
In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting
to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, managements attention may
be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and results of operations. We may need to hire more employees
to comply with these requirements in the future, which will increase our costs and expenses.

We
anticipate that our quarterly financial results will exhibit fluctuations.

The
variability in our revenue and operational outcomes from one quarter to another is expected to be substantial due to various factors,
including shifts in:

General
economic conditions;

Our
ability to retain and expand our client base, as well as attract new clients;

Administrative
expenditures; 

Advertising
and other marketing expenditures.

Because
of the fluctuation resulting from these and other variables, our future quarterly operational results may fall short of the expectations
of both public market analysts and investors.

Our
Officer and Director lacks experience in the reporting and disclosure obligations of publicly-traded companies.

Our
officer and director, Mr. Hsien Loong Wong, do not have sufficient knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SEC rules and regulations.
The lack of reporting and disclosure experience may impair our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting
and disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material misstatements to our financial statements and an inability to provide
accurate financial information to our stockholders. Consequently, our operations, future earnings and ultimate financial success could
suffer irreparable harm due to our officers and directors ultimate lack of experience in our industry and with publicly-traded
companies and their reporting requirements in general.

Our
internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated
to the public.

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. As defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive
and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and/or directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Investors relying upon
this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. If we could not provide reliable financial reports, our business and
operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could result in the trading
price of our common stock to drop significantly and result in a loss of some or all of your investment.

16

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act of 2012, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging
growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. We are choosing to follow the extended transition period, and as a result, we will delay adoption of certain new or
revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies.

Our
limited operating history may make it difficult for us to accurately forecast our operating results and control our business expense
which means we face a high risk of business failure which could result in the loss of your investment.

Our
planned expense levels are, and will continue to be, based in part on our expectations, which are difficult to forecast accurately based
on our stage of development and factors outside of our control. We may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate
for any unexpected developments. Further, business development expenses may increase significantly as we expand operations or make acquisitions.
To the extent that any unexpected expenses precede, or are not rapidly followed by, a corresponding increase in revenue, our business,
operating results, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected which could result in the loss of your investment.

We
may grow our business through acquisitions in the near future, which may result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful
consequences.

We
expect to achieve our business plan through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions and investments. We periodically evaluate
an array of potential strategic transactions and may make one or more acquisitions in the near future. The process of integrating an
acquired company, business, or technology may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks
include:

Implementation
or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company;

Diversion
of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges;

Cultural
challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization;

Retention
of employees from the businesses we acquire;

Integration
of the acquired companys accounting, management information, human resource, and other administrative systems;

Liability
for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of
laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities;

Litigation
or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders,
or other third parties;

In
the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular
economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and

Failure
to successfully further develop the acquired product, service or technology.

Our
failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with future acquisitions and investments could cause us to
fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business
generally.

Future
acquisitions may also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization
expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions
may not materialize.

17

We
may need to raise additional financing to support our operations and future acquisitions, but we cannot be sure that we will be able
to obtain additional financing on terms favourable to us when needed. If we are unable to obtain additional financing to meet our needs,
our operations may be adversely affected or terminated.

We
have limited financial resources. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing to fund our operations in light
of factors beyond our control such as the market demand for our securities, the state of financial markets, generally, and other relevant
factors. Any sale of our Common Stock in the future may result in dilution to existing stockholders. Furthermore, there is no assurance
that we will not incur debt in the future, that we will have sufficient funds to repay any future indebtedness or that we will not default
on our future debts, which would thereby jeopardize our business viability. We may not be able to borrow or raise additional capital
in the future to meet our needs, which might result in the loss of some or all of your investment in our Common Stock. Even if we do
raise sufficient capital and generate revenues to support our operating expenses, there can be no assurance that the revenue will be
sufficient to enable us to develop our business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations or provide a
return on investment. In addition, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage
ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, the newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of existing stockholders and the trading price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. Further, if we obtain
additional debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest
on such indebtedness, and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we are
unable to continue as a going concern, you may lose your entire investment.

Risk
on Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA)

Our
auditor is located in Malaysia. Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) introduces additional compliance requirements
for foreign companies listed on U.S. exchanges, including specific mandates regarding the oversight of auditors by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), investors should be cognizant of the potential limitations the PCAOB may face in inspecting or overseeing
our auditor based in Malaysia. This geographical distinction may impact the Company compliance with regulatory requirements and adherence
to financial reporting standards. Furthermore, investors should recognize that non-compliance with the HFCAA and related regulations
could lead to potential risks of delisting from U.S. exchanges.

These
risks could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of the securities we are registering for sale or could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless.

Other
factors can have a material adverse effect on our future profitability and financial condition.

Many
other factors can affect our profitability and financial condition, including:

changes
in, or interpretations of, laws and regulations including changes in accounting standards and taxation requirements;

changes
in the rate of inflation, interest rates and the performance of investments held by us;

changes
in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with;

changes
in business, economic, and political conditions, including war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist
activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events;
labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and, pressure from third-party interest groups;

changes
in our business and investments and changes in the relative and absolute contribution of each to earnings and cash flow resulting
from evolving business strategies, changing product mix, changes in tax rates and opportunities existing now or in the future;

difficulties
related to our information technology systems, any of which could adversely affect business operations, including any significant
breakdown, invasion, destruction, or interruption of these systems;

changes
in credit markets impacting our ability to obtain financing for our business operations; or

legal
difficulties, any of which could preclude or delay commercialization of products or technology or adversely affect profitability,
including claims asserting statutory or regulatory violations, adverse litigation decisions, and issues regarding compliance with
any governmental consent decree.

18

We
expect our revenues to be paid in non-U.S. currencies, and if currency exchange rates become unfavorable, we may lose some of the economic
value of the revenues in U.S. dollar terms.

Our
operations are conducted in Malaysia, and our operating currency is the Ringgit Malaysia (RM). Since we conduct business in currencies
other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
For instance, if currency exchange rates were to change unfavourably, the U.S. dollar equivalent of our operating income recorded in
foreign currencies would be diminished.

We
anticipate increased exposure to exchange rate fluctuations as we expand the breadth and depth of our international sales.

In
our financial statements, we translate our local currency financial results into U.S. dollars based on average exchange rates prevailing
during a reporting period or the exchange rate at the end of that period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions could result in reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income
for our international operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the translation of these
foreign currency denominated transactions could result in increased revenue, operating expenses and net income for our international
operations.

If
our Director leave the company prior to securing suitable replacements, we will be left without
management and our business operations might need to be suspended or cease entirely all together.

We
depend on the services of our Director, Hsien Loong Wong, who are responsible
for making corporate decisions which have significant impact on our operations. The loss of the services of our Chief Executive Officer
and Director could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that
they will not leave the company or compete against us in the future, as we presently have no employment agreement with them. In such
circumstance, we may have to recruit qualified personnel with competitive compensation packages, equity participation and other benefits
that may affect the working capital available for our operations. Our failure to attract additional qualified employees or to retain
the services of our Chief Executive Officer and Director could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition. We will fail without appropriate replacements.

Risks
Related to our Common Stock

We
can provide no assurances as to our future financial performance or the investment result of a purchase of our Common Stock.

Any
projected results of operations involve significant risks and uncertainty and should be considered speculative and depend on various
assumptions which may not be correct. The future performance of our Company and the return on our common stock depends on a complex series
of events that are beyond our control and that may or may not occur. Actual results for any period may or may not approximate any assumptions
that are made and may differ significantly from such assumptions. We can provide no assurance or prediction as to our future profitability
or to the ultimate success of an investment in our Common Stock.

Because
there is no established public trading market for our common stock, you may experience difficulties in reselling your stock.

We
cannot assure you that there will be an established market in the future for our common stock. The trading of securities on OTC Pink
is often sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling our shares or obtaining market quotations for them, which may
have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. You may not be able to sell your shares at their purchase price or at
any price at all. Accordingly, you may have difficulty reselling any shares you purchase from the selling security holders.

19

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile, and our stock price may fall below your purchase price at the time you desire to sell
your shares of our common stock, resulting in a loss on your investment.

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including,
without limitation:

actual
or anticipated variations in our quarterly and annual operating results, financial condition or asset quality;

changes
in general economic or business conditions, both domestically and internationally;

the
effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve, or
in laws and regulations affecting us;

the
number of securities analysts covering us;

publication
of research reports about us, our competitors, or the financial services industry generally, or changes in, or failure to meet, securities
analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing
of coverage;

changes
in market valuations or earnings of companies that investors deemed comparable to us;

the
average daily trading volume of our common stock;

future
issuances of our common stock or other securities;

additions
or departures of key personnel;

perceptions
in the marketplace regarding our competitors and/or us;

significant
acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving our competitors
or us; and

other
news, announcements or disclosures (whether by us or others) related to us, our competitors, our core market or the financial services
industry.

The
stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks have experienced significant fluctuations in recent years.
In many cases, these changes have been unrelated to the operating performance and prospects of particular companies. In addition, significant
fluctuations in the trading volume in our common stock may cause significant price variations to occur. Increased market volatility may
materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which may make it difficult for you to resell your shares at the
volume, prices and times desired.

Future
issuances of our common stock could dilute current stockholders or adversely affect the market.

Our
business plan contemplates expanding our operations through acquisitions which may involve significant issuances of our common stock.
Future issuances of our common stock may be at values substantially below the price paid by the current holders of our common stock.
In addition, common stock could be issued to fend off unwanted tender offers or hostile takeovers without further stockholder approval.
Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or even just the prospect of such sales, could depress the prevailing price of our
common stock and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Additionally, large share issuances would generally have a negative
impact on our share price. It is possible that, due to additional share issuance, you could lose a substantial amount, or all, of your
investment. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our
common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders,
further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material.

We
will be subject to the penny stock rules which will adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock.

In
the event that our shares are traded, and our stock trades below $5.00 per share, our stock would be known as a penny stock,
which is subject to various regulations involving disclosures to be given to you prior to the purchase of any penny stock. The U.S. SEC
has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less
than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Depending on market fluctuations, our common stock could be considered to be a penny
stock. A penny stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities
to persons other than established members and accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker/dealer must make
a special suitability determination for the purchase of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchasers written
consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. He must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the
penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities and may negatively affect the ability
of holders of shares of our common stock to resell them. These disclosures require you to acknowledge that you understand the risks associated
with buying penny stocks and that you can absorb the loss of your entire investment. Penny stocks are low priced securities that do not
have a very high trading volume. Consequently, the price of the stock is often volatile, and you may not be able to buy or sell the stock
when you want to. These rules also limit the ability of broker-dealers to solicit purchases of our Common Stock and therefore reduce
the liquidity of the public market for our shares should one develop.

20

The
market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock.

Company
management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include:

Control
of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer;

Manipulation
of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;

Boiler
room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons;

Excessive
and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and

Wholesale
dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with
the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses.

It
is not likely that we will pay dividends on the Common Stock or any other class of stock.

We
intend to retain any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our
Common Stock, or any other class of stock, in the foreseeable future. Stockholders should look solely to appreciation in the market price
of our common shares to obtain a return on investment.

Investing
in our Company is highly speculative and could result in the entire loss of your investment.

An
investment in our shares is highly speculative and involves significant risk. Our shares should not be purchased by any person who cannot
afford to lose their entire investment. Our business objectives are also speculative, and it is possible that we would be unable to accomplish
them. Our shareholders may be unable to realize a substantial or any return on their purchase of the offered shares and may lose their
entire investment. For this reason, each prospective purchaser of the offered shares should read this prospectus and all of its exhibits
carefully and consult with their attorney, business and/or investment advisor.

21

PROPERTIES

Our
principal executive office located at Lot 8D, Jalan Teknologi 3/6, Kawasan Perindustrian Nouvelle, Taman Sains Selangor, 1, Pju 5 Kota
Damansara, 47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. We rent the office space from third party with a monthly rental of approximately
MYR37,710 (approximately $8,104). We believe this location is adequate for our current operations and needs.

Our
current physical office space we rent with details as below.

Location Tenant Tenancy
Period Monthly
Payment Use

Lot
8D, Jalan Teknologi 3/6, Kawasan Perindustrian Nouvelle, Taman Sains Selangor, 1, Pju 5 Kota Damansara, 47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor,
Malaysia. Meluha
Therapeutics Berhad September
15, 2023 to June 30, 2026 MYR37,710
(approximately $8,104) For
company business use

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

As
of March 28, 2025, Synergy Empire Limited (the Company) has 1,525,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which
number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock have been used throughout this report. Upon our acquisition of Meluha Therapeutics
Berhad, 10,000,000 shares of our series A preferred stock, which each series A preferred stock has the same voting right as each common
stock, are issued and outstanding.

The
following table sets forth, as of March 28, 2025, certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Companys
common stock and preferred stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of the
Companys common stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers
and directors of the Company as a group:

Name and Address of 

Beneficial Owner Shares of

Common

Stock

Beneficially

Owned Common

Stock Voting

Percentage

Beneficially

Owned Shares of

Preferred

Stock Beneficially

Owned Preferred

Stock Voting

Percentage

Beneficially

Owned Total Voting

Percentage

Beneficially

Owned 

Executive Officers and Director 

Hsien Loong Wong, Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer 450,000 29.51 % - - 3.9 %

5% or greater shareholders (excluding officers and directors) 

Michael Tan 250,000 16.39 % - - 2.17 %

Andy Choe 250,000 16.39 % - - 2.17 %

Chong Chee Tung 80,000 5.25 % - - 0.69 %

Ramesh A/L Saravanamuthu - - 3,359,438 33.59 % 29.15 %

Abdul Jalil bin Jidon - - 3,188,437 31.88 % 27.67 %

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to
be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares).
In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon
exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided.
In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned
by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the
following table does not necessarily reflect the persons actual voting power at any particular date.

22

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Biographical
information regarding the officers and directors of the Synergy Empire Limited (the Company), who will continue to serve
as officers and directors of the Company are provided below:

NAME AGE POSITION

Hsien
Loong Wong 50 Director,
President, Secretary and Treasurer

Hsien
Loong Wong Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer

Mr.
Hsien Loong Wong (Mr. Wong) was appointed as our Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer on October
31, 2023. Mr. Wong received his BA (Hons) in Communications from Simon Fraser University, British Columbia and his MSc in Real Estate
from the National University of Singapore.

Mr.
Wong started his career in investor relations in technology, biotechnology, mining and oil and
gas. Since July 2015, Mr. Wong has served as Associate Director of Propnex, Singapores largest listed real estate agency. From
April 2017 until December 2018, Mr. Wong served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of FingerMotion, Inc, a Nasdaq-listed
mobile data specialist company (FNGR). From December 2012 until September 2017, Mr. Wong also served as Senior Manager
of Business Development as well as its director of property at Big Box Singapore Pte Ltd, which owned a commercial property valued at
$600 million. From July 2007 until September 2009, he was Chief Executive Officer of Nexgen Petroleum Corp, an oil and gas drilling company
in Tennessee. Mr. Wong currently serves as a director of FNGR.

Mr.
Wongs experience in the industry and corporate management, has led the Board of directors to reach the conclusion that he should
serve as a director, president, secretary and treasurer of the Company.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

No
executive officer or director is a party in a legal proceeding adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse
to us or any of our subsidiaries.

No
executive officer or director has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following:

Any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or
executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

Any
conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses);

Being
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
or banking activities;

Being
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;

Being
the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation
respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order
of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order,
or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or

Being
the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member.

23

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our principal executive officer, and principal financial officer
who served for the year ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, for services rendered in all capacities to us.

Summary Compensation Table

Name

and

principal

position

(a) 

Year

ended

March 31

(b) 

Salary

($)

(c) 

Bonus

($)

(d) 

Stock Compensation

($)

(e) 

Option

Awards

($)

(f) 

Non-Equity

Incentive

Plan

Compensation

($)

(g) 

Nonqualified

Deferred

Compensation

Earnings

($)

(h) 

All Other

Compensation

($)

(i) 

Total

($)

(j) 

Ramesh A/L Saravanamuthu, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Chief Executive Officer, Director1 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Abdul Jalil bin Jidon, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Director2 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Kuhan A/L Jeganathan, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Director3 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Khor Jiak Woen, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Director4 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Noor Arlisma binti Zainul Ariff, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Director5 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Hsien Loong Wong, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer6 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Law Jia Ming, Chief Executive Officer, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Chief
Financial Officer7 2023 - - - - - - - - 

Leong Will Liam, 2024 - - - - - - - - 

Director8 ` 2023 - - - - - - - - 

1 Being
Chief Executive Officer and Director of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad

2 Being
Director of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad

3 Being
Director of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad

4 Being
Director of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, resigned on April 20, 2024

5 Being
Director of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, resigned on July 18, 2023

6 Being
Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer of Synergy Empire Limited, appointed on October 31, 2023

7 Being
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Synergy Empire Limited, resigned on October 31, 2023

8 Being
Director of Synergy Empire Limited, resigned on October 31, 2023

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors
and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material
bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers,
except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors from time to time. We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination
of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control.

Stock
Option Grants

We
have not granted any stock options to our executive officers since our incorporation.

Employment
Agreements

We
do not have an employment or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors.

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis

Director
Compensation

Our
Board of Directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their
services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors.

24

Executive
Compensation Philosophy

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services
rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officers
performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company.

Incentive
Bonus

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the
Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Companys best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and
growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability
of such executives.

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Companys long-term business strategy we may award
our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award.

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

During
the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, Meluha Therapeutics Berhad (the Company) have related party transactions
as set forth below:

Name
of Related Parties Relationship
with the Company

Ramesh
A/L Saravanamuthu Chief
Executive Officer, Director of the Company

Armada
Upaya Sdn. Bhd. Our
CEO, Mr. Ramesh A/L Saravanamuthu is the director of this company

The
Company leases one office space with fee from Armada Upaya Sdn. Bhd. with the following address:

Property Address Leasing Period Monthly Leasing Fee

1. Lot 8D, Jalan Teknologi 3/6, Kawasan Perindustrian Nouvelle, Taman Sains Selangor,
1, Pju 5 Kota Damansara, 47810 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. September 15, 2023 to June 30, 2026 $ 8,104 

25

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Director will continue to approve any related party transaction.

LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS

From
time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our
business. We are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future.

MARKET
FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Market
Information

Synergy
Empire Limited (the Company) sole class of common equity is currently quoted under OTC Markets under symbol SHMY since
April 6, 2021. The Company believes that we do not have an established public trading market and we cannot assure you that there will
be any liquidity for our common stock in the future and such quotation reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

Fiscal
Year 2024 High
Bid Low
Bid 

First Quarter $ 3.30 $ 3.00 

Second Quarter $ 3.50 $ 3.00 

Third Quarter $ 3.59 $ 3.59 

Fourth Quarter $ 3.59 $ 3.50 

Fiscal
Year 2023 High
Bid Low
Bid 

First Quarter $ 3.59 $ 3.59 

Second Quarter $ 3.59 $ 3.59 

Third Quarter $ 3.59 $ 3.59 

Fourth Quarter $ 3.59 $ 3.00 

Dividend

No
cash dividends were paid on our shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. We have not paid any cash
dividends since our inception on October 17, 2018 and we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our board of directors currently
intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future.

26

Share
Holders

As
of April 3, 2025, the Company had 1,525,000 shares of our Common Stock par value, $0.0001 issued and outstanding which
owned by 54 shareholders.

Transfer
Agent and Registrar

The
Company has appointed Transfer Online, Inc. as transfer agent, with an address at 512 SE Salmon St., Portland, OR 97214, United States
and can be reached at +1 (503) 227-2950.

Equity
Compensation Plan Information

Currently,
there is no equity compensation plan in place.

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED EQUITY SECURITIES

Currently,
there is no recent sales of unregistered equity securities, except the disclosure made under Item 2.01 which is incorporated herein by
reference.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers

We
have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024.

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES

We
have authorized capital stock consisting of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock)
and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Preferred Stock). As of the date of this filing,
we have 1,525,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.

Common
Stock

The
holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets or funds legally available for the payment
of dividends of such times and in such amounts as the board from time to time may determine. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. There is no cumulative voting of the election of directors
then standing for election. The Common Stock is not entitled to pre-emptive rights and is not subject to conversion or redemption. Upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company, the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders are distributable
rateably among the holders of the Common Stock after payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding payment of other
claims of creditors.

Preferred
Stock

The
holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets or funds legally available for the payment
of dividends of such times and in such amounts as the board from time to time may determine. Holders of Preferred Stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. There is no cumulative voting of the election of
directors then standing for election. The Preferred Stock is entitled for conversion or redemption. Upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of our Company, the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders are distributable rateably among the holders
of the Preferred Stock after payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding payment of other claims of creditors.

Options
and Warrants

None.

Convertible
Notes

None.

Dividend
Policy

We
have not paid any cash dividends to shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors
and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent
conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if
any, in our business operations.

27

Penny
Stock Regulations

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security
that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition
of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000, or annual
incomes exceeding $200,000 individually, or $300,000, together with their spouse).

For
transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchasers prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt
transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole
market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealers presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock
and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market.

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA) has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must
have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customers
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that
there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the investors
ability to buy and sell our stock.

INDEMNIFICATION
OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Under
our Bylaws of the corporation, every person who was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any action,
suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, or a person of whom he
is the legal representative, is or was a Director or Officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a Director or Officer of another Corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise,
shall be indemnified and held harmless to the fullest extent legally permissible under the laws of the State of Nevada from time to time
against all expenses, liability, and loss (including attorneys fees judgments, fines, and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement)
reasonably incurred or suffered by him in connection therewith. Such right of indemnification shall be a contract right, which may be
enforced in any manner desired by such person. The expenses of Officers and Directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action,
suit, or proceeding must be paid by the Corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit,
or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Director or Officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. Such right of indemnification shall
not be exclusive of any other right which such Directors, Officers, or representatives may have or hereafter acquire, and, without limiting
the generality of such statement, they shall be entitled to their respective rights of indemnification under any bylaw, agreement, vote
of Stockholders, provision of law, or otherwise, as well as their rights under this Article.

Without
limiting the application of the foregoing, the Board of Directors may adopt bylaws from time to time with respect to indemnification,
to provide at all times the fullest indemnification permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, and may cause the Corporation to purchase
and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a Director or Officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request
of the Corporation as a Director or Officer of another Corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust,
or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred in any such capacity or arising out of such status,
whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person. The indemnification provided in this Article shall continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a Director, Officer, Employee, or Agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such person.

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

28

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities

The
disclosure provided under Item 2.01 above is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.01 Change in Control of Registrant

The
disclosure provided under Item 2.01 above is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

In
connection with the transaction, the Company issued shares of Preferred Stock possessing the voting power of 10,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. Prior to the transaction, the Company had 1,525,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. As such, following the transaction,
the new shareholders collectively possess 86.8% of the Companys voting power.

Following
the completion of the transaction, (a) Ramesh A/L Saravanamuthu (beneficial owner of 3,359,438 shares of Preferred Stock) possesses
29.1% of the voting power of the Company and (b) Abdul Jalil bin Jidon (beneficial owner of 3,188,437 shares of Preferred Stock)
possesses 27.7% of the voting power of the Company. As such these two shareholders will be able to unilaterally control the election
of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. With
the exception of these two individuals, no other shareholder of the Company possesses in excess of 10% of the voting power of the Company.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a)
Financial Statements of Business Acquired

The
financial statements of required by this item will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 calendar
days after the date this Current Report on Form 8-K is required to be filed.

(b)
Pro Forma Financial Information

The pro forma financial information required by this item will be filed
by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K no later than 71 calendar days after the date this Current Report on Form 8-K is required
to be filed.

(c)
N/A

(d)
Exhibits.

The
following Exhibits are furnished herewith:

Exhibit
Number Description

10.1 Acquisition and Stock Purchase Agreement among Synergy Empire Limited, Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, and the security holders of Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, dated July 29, 2024

10.2 Acquisition and Stock Purchase Agreement among Synergy Empire Limited, Meluha Therapeutics Berhad, and Tommy Wang, dated July 29, 2024

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

29

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Synergy
Empire Limited

(Name
of Registrant)

Date:
April 3, 2025 By: /s/
Hsien Loong Wong

Hsien
Loong Wong

Title: President,
Secretary, Treasurer and Director

30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-1_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-1_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-1_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-1_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-1_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex10-1_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex10-1_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex10-1_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex10-1_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex10-1_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex10-1_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex10-1_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex10-1_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex10-1_018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex10-1_019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex10-1_020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex10-1_021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex10-1_022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex10-1_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex10-1_024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex10-1_025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex10-1_026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex10-1_027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex10-1_028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex10-1_029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex10-1_030.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex10-1_031.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex10-1_032.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex10-1_033.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex10-1_034.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex10-1_035.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex10-1_036.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex10-1_037.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex10-1_038.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex10-1_039.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex10-1_040.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex10-1_041.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex10-1_042.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex10-1_043.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex10-1_044.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex10-1_045.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex10-1_046.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex10-1_047.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex10-1_048.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ex10-1_049.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ex10-1_050.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ex10-1_051.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>ex10-1_052.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>ex10-1_053.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>ex10-1_054.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>ex10-1_055.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>ex10-1_056.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>ex10-1_057.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>ex10-1_058.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>ex10-1_059.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>ex10-1_060.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>ex10-1_061.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>ex10-1_062.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>ex10-1_063.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>ex10-1_064.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>ex10-1_065.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>ex10-1_066.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>ex10-1_067.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>71
<FILENAME>ex10-1_068.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>ex10-1_069.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>ex10-1_070.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>ex10-1_071.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>ex10-1_072.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>76
<FILENAME>ex10-1_073.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>ex10-1_074.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>78
<FILENAME>ex10-1_075.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>79
<FILENAME>ex10-1_076.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>80
<FILENAME>ex10-1_077.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>81
<FILENAME>ex10-1_078.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>82
<FILENAME>ex10-1_079.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>83
<FILENAME>ex10-1_080.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>84
<FILENAME>ex10-1_081.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>85
<FILENAME>ex10-1_082.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>86
<FILENAME>ex10-1_083.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>87
<FILENAME>ex10-1_084.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>88
<FILENAME>ex10-1_085.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>89
<FILENAME>ex10-1_086.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>90
<FILENAME>ex10-1_087.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>91
<FILENAME>ex10-1_088.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>92
<FILENAME>ex10-1_089.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>93
<FILENAME>ex10-1_090.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>94
<FILENAME>ex10-1_091.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>95
<FILENAME>ex10-1_092.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>96
<FILENAME>ex10-1_093.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>97
<FILENAME>ex10-1_094.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>98
<FILENAME>ex10-1_095.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>99
<FILENAME>ex10-1_096.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>100
<FILENAME>ex10-1_097.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>101
<FILENAME>ex10-1_098.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>102
<FILENAME>ex10-1_099.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>103
<FILENAME>ex10-1_100.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>104
<FILENAME>ex10-1_101.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>105
<FILENAME>ex10-1_102.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>106
<FILENAME>ex10-1_103.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>107
<FILENAME>ex10-1_104.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>108
<FILENAME>ex10-1_105.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>109
<FILENAME>ex10-1_106.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>110
<FILENAME>ex10-1_107.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>111
<FILENAME>ex10-1_108.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>112
<FILENAME>ex10-1_109.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>113
<FILENAME>ex10-1_110.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>114
<FILENAME>ex10-1_111.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>115
<FILENAME>ex10-1_112.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>116
<FILENAME>ex10-1_113.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>117
<FILENAME>ex10-1_114.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>118
<FILENAME>ex10-1_115.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>119
<FILENAME>ex10-1_116.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>120
<FILENAME>ex10-1_117.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>121
<FILENAME>ex10-1_118.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>122
<FILENAME>ex10-1_119.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>123
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>124
<FILENAME>ex10-2_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>125
<FILENAME>ex10-2_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>126
<FILENAME>ex10-2_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>127
<FILENAME>ex10-2_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>128
<FILENAME>ex10-2_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>129
<FILENAME>ex10-2_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>130
<FILENAME>ex10-2_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>131
<FILENAME>ex10-2_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>132
<FILENAME>ex10-2_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>133
<FILENAME>ex10-2_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>134
<FILENAME>ex10-2_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>135
<FILENAME>ex10-2_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>136
<FILENAME>ex10-2_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>137
<FILENAME>ex10-2_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>138
<FILENAME>ex10-2_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>139
<FILENAME>ex10-2_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>140
<FILENAME>ex10-2_018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>141
<FILENAME>ex10-2_019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>142
<FILENAME>ex10-2_020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>143
<FILENAME>ex10-2_021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>144
<FILENAME>ex10-2_022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>145
<FILENAME>ex10-2_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>146
<FILENAME>ex10-2_024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>147
<FILENAME>ex10-2_025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>148
<FILENAME>ex10-2_026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>149
<FILENAME>ex10-2_027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>150
<FILENAME>ex10-2_028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>151
<FILENAME>ex10-2_029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>152
<FILENAME>ex10-2_030.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>153
<FILENAME>ex10-2_031.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>154
<FILENAME>ex10-2_032.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>155
<FILENAME>ex10-2_033.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>156
<FILENAME>ex10-2_034.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>157
<FILENAME>ex10-2_035.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>158
<FILENAME>ex10-2_036.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>159
<FILENAME>ex10-2_037.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>160
<FILENAME>form8-k_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>161
<FILENAME>main_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>162
<FILENAME>main_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>163
<FILENAME>main_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>164
<FILENAME>main_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>165
<FILENAME>main_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>166
<FILENAME>form8-k_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>167
<FILENAME>form8-k_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>168
<FILENAME>shmy-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>169
<FILENAME>shmy-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>170
<FILENAME>shmy-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>173
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>174
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>175
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>180
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002536-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>183
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001766267 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001766267 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
SYNERGY EMPIRE LIMITED 
NV 
333-235700 
38-4096727 
Lot 1G & 2G 
Kompleks Lanai 
No. 2, Persiaran Seri Perdana 
62250 
Putrajaya 
MY 
+(60)3 
8890 2968 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>184
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Entity File Number 333-235700

Entity Registrant Name SYNERGY
EMPIRE LIMITED

Entity Central Index Key 0001766267

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-4096727

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One Lot
1G & 2G

Entity Address, Address Line Two Kompleks Lanai

Entity Address, Address Line Three No. 2, Persiaran Seri Perdana

Entity Address, City or Town Putrajaya

Entity Address, Country MY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 62250

City Area Code +(60)3

Local Phone Number 8890 2968

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>185
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://SYNERGYEMPIRELIMITED.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
shmy-20250403.xsd 
shmy-20250403_lab.xml 
shmy-20250403_pre.xml 

form8-k_001.jpg 
form8-k_007.jpg 
form8-k_008.jpg 
main_001.jpg 
main_002.jpg 
main_003.jpg 
main_004.jpg 
main_005.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>187
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>