<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-023466.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-023466.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313161513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-023466
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Net Lease, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001526113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				452771978
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37390
		FILM NUMBER:		25735947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-415-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Realty Capital Global Daily Net Asset Value Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110719
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259014d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000152611300015261132025-03-072025-03-070001526113us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-072025-03-070001526113us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-03-072025-03-070001526113us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember2025-03-072025-03-070001526113us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember2025-03-072025-03-070001526113us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember2025-03-072025-03-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):March 7, 2025

Global Net Lease, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 001-37390 45-2771978

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

650
Fifth Avenue,30th Floor 

New York, New York 10019

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code:(332) 265-2020

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which 

registered

Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL New
York Stock Exchange

7.25%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR A New
York Stock Exchange

6.875%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR B New
York Stock Exchange

7.50%
Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR D New
York Stock Exchange

7.375%
Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR E New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Definitive Material Agreement.

Change in Aggregate Share
Ownership Limit/Waiver Agreements

As previously
disclosed, Global Net Lease, Inc. (the Company) granted a waiver from the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit contained
in the Companys charter to Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC (Bellevue) permitting Bellevue to own up to 15.3% of the
outstanding shares of the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (Common Stock) (the Bellevue Waiver).
Waivers were also entered into with the controlling holders of Bellevue, Nicholas S. Schorsch and his spouse Shelley D. Schorsch, which
were subsequently amended, permitting them to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own (each as defined in the Companys charter)
up to 13.8% of the outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock (the NSS Waiver, the SDS Waiver
and taken together, the Schorsch Waivers).

On February 20,
2025, the Companys board of directors (the Board) authorized a $300 million share repurchase program, which may have
the effect of Bellevue, Mr. Schorsch and Mrs. Schorsch Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning shares of Common Stock in
excess of the respective limits set forth in the Belleveue Waiver, NSS Waiver and SDS Waiver, and as a result, the Board
considered and determined to amend (i) the agreement governing the Bellevue Waiver to increase the percentage of outstanding shares of
Common Stock that Bellevue may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own up to 16.9% and (ii) the agreements governing the Schorsch
Waivers to increase the percentage of outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock that Nicholas and Shelley Schorsch may Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own up to 15.3%. The Company entered into amendments and restatements of the agreements governing the Bellevue Waiver
(the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement), the NSS Waiver (the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement) and the
SDS Waiver (the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement) on March 13, 2025. The terms of the agreements governing the Bellevue
Waiver and the Schorsch Waivers otherwise remain unchanged.

In connection
with the revised waivers set forth in the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement, the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement and the Second A&R
SDS Waiver Agreement, and in order to preserve the Companys status as a real estate investment trust for United States federal
income tax purposes, the Board adopted resolutions pursuant to Section 5.7(ii)(h) of the Companys charter on March 7,
2025 decreasing the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (as defined in the Companys charter) to 8.025% in value of the aggregate of
the outstanding shares of stock of the Company and 8.025% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of any class
or series of stock of the Company. On March 13, 2025, the Company filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland a Certificate
of Notice reflecting the decrease in the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit described above with immediate effect (the Certificate
of Notice).

The foregoing
summary of the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement, the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement and the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement
do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the full text of the A&R Bellevue Waiver, the
Second A&R NSS Waiver and the Second A&R SDS Waiver filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3, respectively.

Item 3.03 Material Modification
to Rights of Security Holders.

The information
set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the decrease of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and
the related Certificate of Notice is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

The summary of the material terms
of the Certificate of Notice described above does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference
to, the Certificate of Notice which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements
and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Certificate of Notice of Global Net Lease, Inc., dated March 13, 2025.

10.1 Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and between Global Net Lease, Inc. and Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC on its own behalf and on behalf of Global Net Lease Special Limited Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC, AR Capital LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC.

10.2 Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and between Global Net Lease, Inc. and Nicholas S. Schorsch, certain related trusts, and MWM Series, LLC.

10.3 Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and between Global Net Lease, Inc. and Shelley D. Schorsch and certain related trusts.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

GLOBAL NET LEASE, INC.

Date:March
13, 2025 By: /s/ Edward M. Weil, Jr.

Name: Edward M. Weil, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259014d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

GLOBAL
NET LEASE, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF NOTICE

Global Net Lease, Inc., a Maryland corporation
(the Company), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland that:

FIRST: The Board of Directors of the Company,
pursuant to Section 5.7(ii)(h) of Article V of the charter of the Company (the Charter), has decreased the
Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (as defined in the Charter) to 8.025% in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of stock of
the Company and 8.025% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of any class or series of stock of the Company.

SECOND: The undersigned acknowledges this
Certificate of Notice to be the act of the Company and, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned
officer acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects
and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate
of Notice to be executed under seal in its name and on its behalf by its Chief Executive Officer and attested to by its Chief Financial
Officer on this 13th day of March, 2025.

ATTEST: GLOBAL NET LEASE, INC.

/s/ Christopher J. Masterson By: /s/ Edward M. Weil, Jr. (SEAL)

Name: Christopher J. Masterson Name: Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Title: Chief Financial Officer Title:
Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259014d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER
AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED
OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 13, 2025, is between Global Net Lease, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC, on its own behalf and on behalf of Global
Net Lease Special Limited Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global
II Special LP, LLC, AR Capital, LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC (collectively, Bellevue).
Except where noted otherwise, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Companys
charter, as amended and restated through the date hereof and as presently in effect (the Charter).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, the Company has the number and classes of Shares authorized, issued and outstanding as set forth in Exhibit A.

WHEREAS, Section 5.7
of the Charter contains a limitation on the ownership of Shares, which prohibits any Person from Beneficially Owning or Constructively
Owning more than 9.8 % in value of the aggregate of the outstanding Shares (as amended from time to time, the Overall Limit)
and more than 9.8% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of any class or series of Shares (as amended from
time to time, the Series Limit, and collectively with the Overall Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit), except as otherwise waived by the Company. These restrictions are designed to ensure, inter alia, the Companys
continued qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Companys entry into the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement (as defined below), the Companys board of directors (the
GNL Board) decreased the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit from 9.8% to 8.9% ,
which the GNL Board subsequently decreased from 8.9% to 8.8% in connection with the Companys entry into the A&R SDS Waiver
Agreement and the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement (each as defined below).

WHEREAS, on September 12,
2023, Bellevue entered into an Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement (the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement)
pursuant to which the Company waived the application of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit contained in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A)(1) of the Charter to permit Bellevue to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares
of Common Stock up to an increased Series Limit for the Common Stock of 15.3% and an increased Overall Limit of 15.3% (collectively
the Prior Bellevue Ownership Limit) from and after the Determination Date (as defined in the Initial Bellevue
Waiver Agreement).

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution of the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement, (i) Nicholas S. Schorsch, on his own behalf and on behalf of the Nicholas
S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended, the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27,
2016, and MWM Series, LLC (collectively, NSS) entered into the Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated
as of September 12, 2023, which was amended and restated as of November 6, 2023 (the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement),
that provided NSS with an ownership limit waiver effective as of the Determination Date (as defined therein) (as amended, the Prior
NSS Ownership Limit Waiver), allowing NSS to be an Excepted Holder and (ii) Shelley D. Schorsch, on her own behalf and
on behalf of the Shelley D. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended (collectively, SDS)
entered into the Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of September 12, 2023, which was amended and restated as
of November 6, 2023 (the A&R SDS Waiver Agreement), that provided SDS with an ownership limit waiver effective
as of the Determination Date (as defined therein) (as amended, the Prior SDS Ownership Limit Waiver), allowing SDS
to be an Excepted Holder.

WHEREAS, the Company
has adopted a share repurchase plan which may have the effect of Bellevue Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess
of the Prior Bellevue Ownership Limit.

WHEREAS, Bellevue has
requested a revised waiver of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit to replace the Prior
Bellevue Ownership Limit.

WHEREAS, effective
as of the date hereof, Bellevue and the Company desire to amend and restate the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement, and to enter into this
Agreement in lieu thereof, which supersedes and replaces the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement in its entirety.

WHEREAS, in connection
with this Agreement, Bellevue will make the representations and covenants set forth in the Certificate of Representations and Covenants,
attached hereto as Exhibit B.

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, (i) NSS has entered into the Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement
as of the date hereof that provides NSS with an ownership limit waiver to supersede and replace the Prior NSS Ownership Limit Waiver,
allowing NSS to continue being an Excepted Holder (the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement) and (ii) SDS has
entered into the Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement as of the date hereof that provides SDS with
an ownership limit waiver to supersede and replace the Prior SDS Ownership Limit Waiver, allowing SDS to continue being an Excepted Holder
(the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement).

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Effective Date, Bellevue owned 21,839,457 Shares.

WHEREAS, the Ownership
Limit Waiver (as defined below) shall be effective as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date).

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 5.7(ii)(g)(I) of the Charter, the Company has adopted resolutions approving Bellevues exemption from the Aggregate
Share Ownership Limit on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties, intending to be legally bound, in reliance on the representations set forth in the Certificate (as defined below), hereby agree
as follow:

AGREEMENT

1. WAIVER
OF OWNERSHIP LIMIT

1.1 The
Company hereby waives the application of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit contained in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A)(1) of the
Charter to permit Bellevue to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Exempt Stock),
subject to an increased Series Limit for the Common Stock of 16.9% and an increased Overall Limit of 16.9% (the Excepted
Holder Limit) from and after the Effective Date (collectively the Ownership Limit Waiver).

1.2 The
Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit granted by this Section 1 is granted solely to Bellevue. Any Transfer of
the Exempt Stock held by Bellevue shall cause any such Shares to no longer be subject to this Ownership Limit Waiver and any such Shares
shall be subject to the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit as of the date of such Transfer.

1.3 The
Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit granted by this Section 1 only grant Bellevue the right to Beneficially Own
or Constructively Own Shares up to the Excepted Holder Limit. As of the day immediately prior to the Effective Date, Bellevue actually
owned 21,839,457 Shares, and Constructively Owned 29,768,920 Shares. Bellevue shall not, so long as this Agreement remains in place, (i) acquire,
directly or indirectly, any additional Shares that would result in Bellevue Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess
of the Prior Bellevue Ownership Limit, or (ii) Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit.

1.4 Except
as specifically provided in Section 1.1, this Agreement does not waive any restrictions or limitations set forth in Section 5.7
of the Charter as they apply to Bellevue or other Shares Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned by any person, other than Bellevue.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement also does not modify Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(B) and (II) of the Charter in any
respect.

2

2. LIMITATIONS
AND OTHER MATTERS

2.1 In
no event shall the Ownership Limit Waiver permit any Individuals Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares to exceed,
at any time, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit of Section 5.7(i) of the Charter as determined without regard to any provisions
of this Agreement, unless and to the extent such Individual is an Excepted Holder. For the purpose of this Agreement, Individual
has the meaning provided in Section 542(a)(2) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(3) of the Code.

2.2 For
the Ownership Limit Waiver to be effective, Bellevue must execute a counterpart signature page to this Agreement and complete and
make the representations and covenants set forth in the Certificate of Representations and Covenants, the form of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit B (the Certificate), and must deliver such Certificate to the Company. Except as otherwise
determined by the Company, the Ownership Limit Waiver shall cease to be effective upon any breach of the representations or covenants
set forth herein or in the Certificate. In addition, if the Ownership Limit Waiver ceases to be effective as a result of the operation
of the preceding sentence, the Shares that would otherwise be in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit shall be deemed to have
been transferred to a Trust (as such term is defined in the Charter) in accordance with 5.7(ii)(a)(II) of the Charter.

2.3 Bellevue
shall deliver to the Company, at such times as may reasonably be requested by the Company (it being acknowledged that the Company may
reasonably make such request on at least a calendar quarterly basis), a certificate signed by Bellevue to the effect that Bellevue has
complied and expects to continue to comply with its representations and covenants set forth in this Agreement and the Certificate. If
so requested by the Company, Bellevue will reasonably cooperate with the Company in investigating any direct or indirect relationship
that Bellevue may have with the Companys tenants or independent contractors (within the meaning of Section 856(d)(3) of
the Code).

2.4 This
Ownership Limit Waiver shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked (prospectively or, as necessary in order to protect the Companys
qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code, retroactively) without any further action if the Company determines, in
its sole discretion, that the Companys ability to qualify and maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust pursuant
to Section 856 et seq. of the Code is reasonably likely to be jeopardized by the Ownership Limit Waiver, or in fact the Ownership
Limit Waiver would jeopardize such qualification. The Company shall promptly notify Bellevue in the event that it has been determined
that the Ownership Limit Waiver has been revoked pursuant to this Section 2.4.

3. TERM

3.1 The
term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date, and shall terminate on the earliest of (i) with respect to Bellevue,
the earliest date on which Bellevue does not Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit; (ii) the earliest date on which any of the conditions set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this Agreement are
no longer true or accurate, or otherwise have been violated; (iii) with respect to Bellevue, the earliest date on which any of the
representations, warranties, agreements, or undertakings made in the Certificate (without giving effect to any qualifications as to knowledge)
are no longer true, as of such date; (iv) the earliest date on which the Company makes the determination set forth in Section 2.4
of this Agreement; or (v) the earliest date on which Bellevue acquires actual ownership of any additional Shares in excess of the
aggregate of the number of Shares that Bellevue actually owns as of the day immediately prior to the Effective Date.

4. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 All
questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the domestic laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision (whether of the
State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of
Maryland.

4.2 This
Agreement may be signed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so signed and delivered shall be an original, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

4.3 All
references to any Code provision shall be deemed to include any successor provisions of the Code and any regulatory, judicial or administrative
amendment or interpretation of such statutory provisions.

3

4.4 This
Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral,
relating to the subject matter hereof (including, but not limited to, the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement).

4.5 The
Recitals to this Agreement are incorporated into and are deemed a part of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

4

Each of the parties has, to the extent it is an
entity, caused this Agreement to be signed by its duly authorized officers as of the date set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof.

THE COMPANY 

Global Net Lease, Inc. 

By: /s/ Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Name: Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Name: Michael Anderson 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of Global Net Lease Special Limited Partnership, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of AR Global Investments, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of AR Capital, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of MWM PIC, LLC 

Date: March 13, 2025 

[Signature Page to Ownership Limit Waiver
Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

COMPANY SHARES AUTHORIZED, ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING

Class of Shares Shares Authorized Shares Issued and Outstanding 

Common Stock 250,000,000 230,783,453 

7.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 9,959,650 6,799,467 

6.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 11,450,000 4,695,887 

7.50% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 7,933,711 7,933,711 

7.375% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 4,595,175 4,595,175 

Exhibit A-1

EXHIBIT B

CERTIFICATE OF REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS FOR

OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER

Global Net Lease, Inc.
(the Company), as of the date hereof, the Company has the number and classes of Shares authorized, issued and outstanding
as set forth in Exhibit A. Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC, on its own behalf and on behalf of Global Net Lease Special Limited
Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC, AR Capital,
LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC (collectively, Bellevue) has entered into an Amended and
Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement as of the date hereof (the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement) that provides
it with a revised ownership limit waiver effective as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date) allowing it to
continue being an Excepted Holder (the Amended Bellevue Waiver). Concurrently with the execution of the Amended Bellevue
Waiver, Nicholas S. Schorsch, on his own behalf and on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7,
2011, as Amended, the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27, 2016, and MWM Series, LLC (collectively, NSS)
has entered into a Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement as of the date hereof that provides NSS
with arevised ownership limit waiver effective as of the Effective Date, allowing NSS to continue being an Excepted Holder (the Amended
NSS Waiver). Concurrently with the execution of the Amended Bellevue Waiver, Shelley D. Schorsch, on her own behalf and on
behalf of the Shelley D. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended (collectively, SDS)
has entered into a Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement as of the date hereof that provides SDS
with an additional ownership limit waiver effective as of the Effective Date, allowing SDS to continue being an Excepted Holder (the Amended
SDS Waiver). As of the date hereof, Bellevue is treated as Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares held by NSS
and SDS.

Except where noted otherwise,
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement.

The undersigned authorized
signatories on behalf of Bellevue hereby certify and affirm as of the date hereof, the accuracy of the representations set forth in this
Certificate of Representations and Covenants for Ownership Limit Waiver (this Certificate) on which the Company will
rely with regard to granting the Ownership Limit Waiver for Bellevue and an Excepted Holder Limit pursuant to the A&R Bellevue Waiver
Agreement. To the extent that the representations set forth below refer to future conduct, such representations constitute covenants of
Bellevue.

1. Each of Global Net Lease Special Limited Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global
Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC, AR Capital, LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC,
LLC is an entity disregarded as separate from Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

2. As of the day immediately prior to the Effective Date, Bellevue actually owns 21,839,457 Shares, and does
not Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Prior Bellevue
Ownership Limit.

3. Bellevue does not know or have reason to know that, as of the Effective Date (taking into account the
Amended NSS Waiver and the Amended SDS Waiver), any Person (as defined in the Charter) would be in violation of Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A) or
(B) of the Charter as a result of Bellevues actual ownership, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares. Bellevue
will immediately notify the Company if it knows or has reason to know of such a violation.

4. Commencing with the Effective Date and at all times thereafter during which Bellevue Beneficially Owns
or Constructively Owns an amount of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit:

(a) In no event will Bellevue actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the
Excepted Holder Limit.

Exhibit B-1

(b) No Person who is treated as an individual under Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined after
taking into account Section 856(h) of the Code) actually owns, Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns, or in the future will
actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, as a result of Bellevues Exempt Stock, Shares in excess of the Aggregate
Share Ownership Limit, unless, in each case, that Person is an Excepted Holder.

(c) Bellevue will not purchase or acquire, directly or indirectly, any additional Shares that would result
in Bellevue Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess of the Prior Bellevue Ownership Limit.

(d) Other than a tenant that is a taxable REIT subsidiary of the Company (within the meaning
of Section 856(l) of the Code), Bellevue has not and will not be a tenant of the Company, or actually own, Beneficially Own
or Constructively Own an interest in a tenant of the Company (or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Company) if it would
cause the Company to actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, more than a 9.9% interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of
the Code) in such tenant.

5. Bellevue covenants that, after the date hereof, Bellevue will promptly notify the Company of the date
on which the foregoing representations and covenants are no longer true and correct in all respects, and acknowledges and agrees that,
if at any time the foregoing covenant and representation would not be accurate, or if there is an event that would result in the Company
being treated as closely held within the meaning of Section 856(a)(6) of the Code, or the disqualification of
the Company as a real estate investment trust under Section 856(a) of the Code by virtue of actual ownership, Beneficial Ownership
or Constructive Ownership, Bellevue shall comply with applicable provisions as set forth in the Charter and take any and all remedial
measures in order to cause the representations and covenants in Section 3 to be accurate and not cause the Company to be treated
as closely held within the meaning of Section 856(a)(6) of the Code or fail to qualify as a real estate investment
trust under Section 856(a) of the Code.

6. Bellevue understands and acknowledges that:

(a) The Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit are for the sole benefit of Bellevue and may not
be assigned or transferred, including by operation of law or in connection with a merger, consolidation, transfer of equity interests
or other transaction involving any party benefiting from the Ownership Limit Waiver, by Bellevue without prior written consent of the
Company.

(b) The Exempt Stock remains subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in Sections 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(B) and
5.7(ii)(a)(I)(C) of the Charter.

(c) Any violation or attempted violation of the representations and covenants set forth above, to the extent
provided in the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement, (or any other action which is contrary to the restrictions on transfer and ownership
of Shares set forth in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I) of the Charter) will result in any Shares that would be actually owned, Beneficially
Owned or Constructively Owned by Bellevue in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit, and that would otherwise be Exempt Stock,
being automatically transferred to a Trust in accordance with Section 5.7(ii)(a)(II) of the Charter.

(d) Except as otherwise determined by the Company, to the extent provided in the A&R Bellevue Waiver Agreement,
the Ownership Limit Waiver shall cease to be effective upon the breach of the representations or covenants set forth herein.

(e) All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Certificate shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision (whether of the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Maryland.

Exhibit B-2

7. Upon request, Bellevue shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the Company, such additional information
as the Company may reasonably require in order to determine the effect, if any, of the ownership of Shares by Bellevue on the Companys
qualification as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

8. The Company may rely on the representations and covenants contained in this Certificate for purposes of
granting Bellevue the Ownership Limit Waiver.

[Signature Page Follows]

Exhibit B-3

Signed on this March 13, 2025 by Bellevue Capital Partners,
LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Name: Michael Anderson 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney in fact, on behalf of Global Net Lease
Special Limited Partnership, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of AR Capital Global
Holdings, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of AR Global Investments, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of American Realty
Capital Global II Special LP, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of AR Capital, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of Metropolitan Wealth
Management, LLC 

/s/ Michael Anderson 

Michael Anderson, as attorney-in-fact, on behalf of MWM PIC, LLC 

Date: March 13, 2025 

[Signature Page to Certificate of Representations
and Covenants for Ownership Limit Waiver]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm259014d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER AGREEMENT

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 13, 2025, is between Global Net Lease, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Nicholas S. Schorsch, on his own behalf and on behalf of the Nicholas S.
Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended, the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27,
2016 and MWM Series, LLC (collectively, Mr. Schorsch). Except where noted otherwise, capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Companys charter, as amended and restated through the date
hereof and as presently in effect (the Charter).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, the Company has the number and classes of Shares authorized, issued and outstanding as set forth in Exhibit A
hereto.

WHEREAS, Section 5.7
of the Charter (as amended through the date hereof) contains a limitation on the ownership of Shares, which prohibits any Person from
Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning more than 9.8 % in value of the aggregate of the outstanding Shares (as amended from time
to time, the Overall Limit) and more than 9.8% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of
any class or series of Shares (as amended from time to time, the Series Limit, and collectively with the Overall
Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit), except as otherwise waived by the Company. These restrictions are designed
to ensure, inter alia, the Companys continued qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Companys entry into the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement (as defined below), the Companys board of directors (the
GNL Board) decreased the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit from 9.8% to 8.9%,
which the GNL Board subsequently decreased from 8.9% to 8.8% in connection with the Companys entry into the A&R SDS Waiver
Agreement and the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement (each as defined below).

WHEREAS, Mr. Schorsch
and the Company entered into an Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2023 (the Initial
NSS Waiver Agreement), that provides Mr. Schorsch with an ownership limit waiver, allowing Mr. Schorsch to be an
Excepted Holder.

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Initial NSS Waiver Agreement, Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC, on its own behalf and on behalf of Global Net Lease Special Limited
Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC, AR Capital,
LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC (collectively, Bellevue) entered into an Ownership
Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of September 12, 2023 (the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement), that provided
Bellevue with an ownership limit waiver effective as of that date, allowing Bellevue to be an Excepted Holder, which was amended and restated
as of the date hereof (the Bellevue Waiver).

WHEREAS, Mr. Schorsch
and the Company amended and restated the Initial NSS Waiver Agreement as of November 6, 2023 (the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement),
pursuant to which the Company waived the application of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit contained in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A)(1) of the Charter to permit Mr. Schorsch to
Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock up to an increased Series Limit for the Common Stock of 13.8% and an
increased Overall Limit of 13.8% (collectively the Prior NSS Ownership Limit) from and after September 12, 2023.

WHEREAS, the Company
has authorized a share repurchase program which may have the effect of Mrs. Schorsch Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning
Shares in excess of the Prior NSS Ownership Limit.

WHEREAS, Mr. Schorsch
has requested a waiver of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit to replace the Prior
NSS Ownership Limit.

WHEREAS, effective
as of the date hereof, Mr. Schorsch and the Company desire to amend and restate the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement, and to enter into
this Agreement in lieu thereof, which supersedes and replaces the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement in its entirety.

WHEREAS, in connection
with this Agreement, Mr. Schorsch will make the representations and covenants set forth in the Certificate of Representations and
Covenants, attached hereto as Exhibit B.

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, Shelley D. Schorsch, on her own behalf and on behalf of the Shelley D. Schorsch Revocable Agreement
of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended (collectively, SDS) has entered into the Second Amended and
Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement as of the date hereof that provides SDS with an additional ownership limit waiver, allowing
SDS to continue as an Excepted Holder, which was amended and restated as of November 6, 2023 (the A&R SDS Waiver Agreement).

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof (the Determination Date), Mr. Schorsch is treated as Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning
Shares held by SDS and Bellevue.

WHEREAS, each of the
Nicholas S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended, and the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP)
dated September 27, 2016, is a grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

WHEREAS, all of the
outstanding equity of MWM Series, LLC is owned by Mr. Schorsch and is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Mr. Schorsch owned 7,840,199 Shares.

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Determination Date, SDS owned 89,264 Shares.

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Bellevue owned 21,839,457 Shares.

WHEREAS, the Ownership
Limit Waiver (as defined below) shall be effective as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date).

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 5.7(ii)(g)(I) of the Charter, the Company has adopted resolutions approving Mr. Schorschs exemption from
the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties, intending to be legally bound, in reliance on the representations set forth in the Certificate (as defined below), hereby agree
as follow:

AGREEMENT

1. WAIVER
OF OWNERSHIP LIMIT

1.1 The
Company hereby waives the application of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit contained in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A)(1) of the
Charter to permit Mr. Schorsch to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Exempt
Stock), subject to an increased Series Limit for the Common Stock of 15.3% and an increased Overall Limit of 15.3% (the
Excepted Holder Limit) from and after the Effective Date (collectively the Ownership Limit Waiver).

1.2 The
Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit granted by this Section 1 is granted solely to Mr. Schorsch. Any Transfer of
the Exempt Stock held by Mr. Schorsch shall cause any such Shares to no longer be subject to this Ownership Limit Waiver and any
such Shares shall be subject to the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit as of the date of such Transfer.

2

1.3 The
Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit granted by this Section 1 only grant Mr. Schorsch the right to Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own Shares up to the Excepted Holder Limit. As of the day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Mr. Schorsch
owned 7,840,199 Shares, and Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned 27,584,974.30 Shares. Mr. Schorsch shall not, so long as this
Agreement remains in place, (i) acquire, directly or indirectly, any additional Shares that would result in Mr. Schorsch Beneficially
Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess of the Prior NSS Ownership Limit or (ii) Beneficially Own or Constructively Own
Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit.

1.4 Except
as specifically provided in Section 1.1, this Agreement does not waive any restrictions or limitations set forth in Section 5.7
of the Charter as they apply to Mr. Schorsch or other Shares Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned by any person, other than
Mr. Schorsch. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement also does not modify Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(B) and (II) of
the Charter in any respect.

2. LIMITATIONS
AND OTHER MATTERS

2.1 In
no event shall the Ownership Limit Waiver permit any Individuals Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares to exceed,
at any time, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit of Section 5.7(i) of the Charter as determined without regard to any provisions
of this Agreement, unless and to the extent such Individual is an Excepted Holder. For the purpose of this Agreement, Individual
has the meaning provided in Section 542(a)(2) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(3) of the Code.

2.2 For
the Ownership Limit Waiver to be effective, Mr. Schorsch must execute a counterpart signature page to this Agreement and complete
and make the representations and covenants set forth in the Certificate of Representations and Covenants, the form of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate), and must deliver such Certificate to the Company. Except as otherwise
determined by the Company, the Ownership Limit Waiver shall cease to be effective upon any breach of the representations or covenants
set forth herein or in the Certificate. In addition, if the Ownership Limit Waiver ceases to be effective as a result of the operation
of the preceding sentence, the Shares that would otherwise be in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit shall be deemed to have
been transferred to a Trust (as such term is defined in the Charter) in accordance with 5.7(ii)(a)(II) of the Charter.

2.3 Mr. Schorsch
shall deliver to the Company, at such times as may reasonably be requested by the Company (it being acknowledged that the Company may
reasonably make such request on at least a calendar quarterly basis), a certificate signed by Mr. Schorsch to the effect that Mr. Schorsch
has complied and expects to continue to comply with its representations and covenants set forth in this Agreement and the Certificate.
If so requested by the Company, Mr. Schorsch will reasonably cooperate with the Company in investigating any direct or indirect relationship
that Mr. Schorsch may have with the Companys tenants or independent contractors (within the meaning of Section 856(d)(3) of
the Code).

2.4 This
Ownership Limit Waiver shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked (prospectively or, as necessary in order to protect the Companys
qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code, retroactively) without any further action if the Company determines, in
its sole discretion, that the Companys ability to qualify and maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust pursuant
to Section 856 et seq. of the Code is reasonably likely to be jeopardized by the Ownership Limit Waiver, or in fact the Ownership
Limit Waiver would jeopardize such qualification. The Company shall promptly notify Mr. Schorsch in the event that it has been determined
that the Ownership Limit Waiver has been revoked pursuant to this Section 2.4.

3. TERM

3.1 The
term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date, and shall terminate on the earliest of (i) with respect to Mr. Schorsch,
the earliest date on which Mr. Schorsch does not Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit; (ii) the earliest date on which any of the conditions set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this Agreement are no
longer true or accurate, or otherwise have been violated; (iii) with respect to Mr. Schorsch, the earliest date on which any
of the representations, warranties, agreements, or undertakings made in the Certificate (without giving effect to any qualifications as
to knowledge) are no longer true; (iv) the earliest date on which the Company makes the determination set forth in Section 2.4
of this Agreement; (v) the earliest date on which Mr. Schorsch acquires, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive
Ownership of any additional Shares in excess of the aggregate of the number of Shares that Mr. Schorsch, directly or indirectly,
Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned, as of the day immediately prior to the Determination Date; or (vi) the date on which
the Bellevue Waiver has been terminated.

3

4. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 All
questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the domestic laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision (whether of the
State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of
Maryland.

4.2 This
Agreement may be signed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so signed and delivered shall be an original, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

4.3 All
references to any Code provision shall be deemed to include any successor provisions of the Code and any regulatory, judicial or administrative
amendment or interpretation of such statutory provisions.

4.4 This
Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral,
relating to the subject matter hereof (including, but not limited to, the A&R NSS Waiver agreement).

4.5 The
Recitals to this Agreement are incorporated into and are deemed a part of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

4

Each of the parties has, to the extent it is an
entity, caused this Agreement to be signed by its duly authorized officers as of the date set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof.

THE COMPANY 

Global Net Lease, Inc. 

By: /s/ Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Name: Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Nicholas S. Schorsch 

Nicholas S. Schorsch 

/s/ Nicholas S. Schorsch 

Nicholas S. Schorsch as Trustee, on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011,
as Amended 

/s/ Francis J. Mirabello 

Francis J. Mirabello, as Trustee, on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27, 2016. 

/s/ Nicholas S. Schorsch 

Nicholas S. Schorsch, as Manager, on behalf of MWM Series, LLC 

Date: March 13, 2025 

5

EXHIBIT A

COMPANY SHARES AUTHORIZED, ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING

Class of Shares Shares Authorized Shares Issued and Outstanding 

Common Stock 250,000,000 230,783,453 

7.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 9,959,650 6,799,467 

6.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 11,450,000 4,695,887 

7.50% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 7,933,711 7,933,711 

7.375% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 4,595,175 4,595,175 

A-1

EXHIBIT B

CERTIFICATE OF REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS FOR

OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER

Global Net Lease, Inc.
(the Company), as of the date hereof, has the number and classes of Shares authorized, issued and outstanding as
set forth in Exhibit A. On the date hereof Nicholas S. Schorsch, on his own behalf and on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch
Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended, the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27,
2016, and MWM Series, LLC (collectively, Mr. Schorsch) has entered into a Second Amended and Restated
Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement (the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement) that provides Mr. Schorsch
with an additional ownership limit waiver effective as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date) allowing him to
continue as an Excepted Holder (the Mr. Schorsch Waiver). Concurrently with the execution of the Mr. Schorsch
Waiver, Shelley D. Schorsch, on her own behalf and on behalf of the Shelley D. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7,
2011, as Amended (collectively, SDS) has entered into a Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver
Agreement as of the date hereof that provides SDS with an additional ownership limit waiver, allowing SDS to continue as an Excepted
Holder (the Amended SDS Waiver). Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC, on its own behalf and on behalf of Global Net Lease
Special Limited Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special
LP, LLC, AR Capital, LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC (collectively, Bellevue) entered into
an Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of March 13, 2025, that provides Bellevue with an
additional ownership limit waiver effective as of that date, allowing Bellevue to be an Excepted Holder (the Amended Bellevue
Waiver). As of the date hereof (the Determination Date), Mr. Schorsch is treated as Beneficially
Owning or Constructively Owning Shares held by Bellevue and SDS.

Except where noted otherwise,
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement.

Mr. Schorsch hereby certifies
and affirms as of the Determination Date, the accuracy of the representations set forth in this Certificate of Representations and Covenants
for Ownership Limit Waiver (this Certificate) on which the Company will rely with regard to granting the Ownership
Limit Waiver for Mr. Schorsch and an Excepted Holder Limit pursuant to the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement. To the extent that
the representations set forth below refer to future conduct, such representations constitute covenants of Mr. Schorsch.

1. As of the day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Mr. Schorsch owned 7,840,199 Shares, and
does not Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit (as defined in the Second A&R NSS Waiver
Agreement).

2. Mr. Schorsch does not know or have reason to know that, as of the Determination Date (taking into
account the Amended Bellevue Waiver and the Amended SDS Waiver), any Person (as defined in the Charter) would be in violation of Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A) or
(B) of the Charter as a result of Mr. Schorschs actual ownership, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares.
Mr. Schorsch will immediately notify the Company if he knows or has reason to know of such a violation.

3. Commencing with the Effective Date and at all times thereafter during which Mr. Schorsch Beneficially
Owns or Constructively Owns an amount of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit:

(a) In no event will Mr. Schorsch directly or indirectly own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own
Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit.

(b) No Person who is treated as an individual under Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined after
taking into account Section 856(h) of the Code) actually owns, Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns, or in the future will
actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, as a result of the Exempt Stock, Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit, unless, in each case, that Person is an Excepted Holder.

B-1

(c) Mr. Schorsch will not purchase or acquire, directly or indirectly, any additional Shares that would
result in Mr. Schorsch Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess of the Prior NSS Ownership Limit.

(d) Other than a tenant that is a taxable REIT subsidiary of the Company (within the meaning
of Section 856(l) of the Code), Mr. Schorsch has not and will not be a tenant of the Company, or actually own, Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own an interest in a tenant of the Company (or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Company) if it
would cause the Company to actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, more than a 9.9% interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of
the Code) in such tenant.

4. Mr. Schorsch covenants that, after the date hereof, Mr. Schorsch will promptly notify the Company
of the date on which the foregoing representations and covenants are no longer true and correct in all respects, and acknowledges and
agrees that, if at any time the foregoing representations and covenants would not be accurate, or if there is an event that would result
in the Company being treated as closely held within the meaning of Section 856(a)(6) of the Code, or the disqualification
of the Company as a real estate investment trust under Section 856(a) of the Code by virtue of actual ownership, Beneficial
Ownership or Constructive Ownership, Mr. Schorsch shall comply with applicable provisions as set forth in the Charter and take any
and all remedial measures in order to cause the representations and covenants in this Certificate to be accurate and not cause the Company
to be treated as closely held within the meaning of Section 856(a)(6) of the Code or fail to qualify as a real
estate investment trust under Section 856(a) of the Code.

5. Mr. Schorsch understands and acknowledges that:

(a) The Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit are for the sole benefit of Mr. Schorsch and
may not be assigned or transferred, including by operation of law or in connection with a merger, consolidation, transfer of equity interests
or other transaction involving any party benefiting from the Ownership Limit Waiver, by Mr. Schorsch without prior written consent
of the Company.

(b) The Exempt Stock remains subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in Sections 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(B) and
5.7(ii)(a)(I)(C) of the Charter.

(c) Any violation or attempted violation of the representations and covenants set in this Certificate, or
to the extent provided in the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement to which this Certificate is an Exhibit, (or any other action which
is contrary to the restrictions on transfer and ownership of Shares set forth in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I) of the Charter) will
result in any Shares that would be actually owned, Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned by Mr. Schorsch in excess of the Aggregate
Share Ownership Limit, and that would otherwise be Exempt Stock, being automatically transferred to a Trust in accordance with Section 5.7(ii)(a)(II) of
the Charter.

(d) Except as otherwise determined by the Company, to the extent provided in the Second A&R NSS Waiver
Agreement, the Ownership Limit Waiver shall cease to be effective upon the breach of the representations or covenants set forth in this
Certificate or in the Second A&R NSS Waiver Agreement to which it is an Exhibit.

(e) All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Certificate shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision (whether of the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Maryland.

6. Upon request, Mr. Schorsch shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the Company, such additional
information as the Company may reasonably request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the ownership of Shares by Mr. Schorsch
on the Companys qualification as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

B-2

7. The Company may rely on the representations and covenants contained in this Certificate for purposes of
granting Mr. Schorsch the Ownership Limit Waiver.

[Signature Page Follows]

B-3

/s/ Nicholas S. Schorsch 

Nicholas S. Schorsch 

/s/ Nicholas S. Schorsch 

Nicholas S. Schorsch, as Trsutee, on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011,
as Amended 

/s/ Francis J. Mirabello 

Francis J. Mirabello, as Trustee, on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27, 2016. 

/s/ Nicholas S. Schorsch 

Nicholas S. Schorsch, as Manager, on behalf of MWM Series, LLC 

Date: March 13, 2025 

B-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm259014d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER AGREEMENT

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 13, 2025, is between Global Net Lease, Inc.,
a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Shelley D. Schorsch, on her own behalf and on behalf of the Shelley D.
Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended (collectively, Mrs. Schorsch).
Except where noted otherwise, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Companys
charter, as amended and restated through the date hereof and as presently in effect (the Charter).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, the Company has the number and classes of Shares authorized, issued and outstanding as set forth in Exhibit A
hereto.

WHEREAS, Section 5.7
of the Charter (as amended through the date hereof) contains a limitation on the ownership of Shares, which prohibits any Person from
Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning more than 9.8 % in value of the aggregate of the outstanding Shares (as amended from time
to time, the Overall Limit) and more than 9.8% (in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of
any class or series of Shares (as amended from time to time, the Series Limit, and collectively with the Overall
Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit), except as otherwise waived by the Company. These restrictions are designed
to ensure, inter alia, the Companys continued qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Companys entry into the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement (as defined below), the Companys board of directors (the
GNL Board) decreased the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit from 9.8% to 8.9%,
which the GNL Board subsequently decreased from 8.9% to 8.8% in connection with the Companys entry into the A&R SDS Waiver
Agreement and the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement (each as defined below).

WHEREAS, Mrs. Schorsch
and the Company entered into an Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2023 (the Initial
SDS Waiver Agreement), that provides Mrs. Schorsch with an ownership limit waiver, allowing Mrs. Schorsch to be an
Excepted Holder.

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Initial SDS Waiver Agreement, Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC, on its own behalf and on behalf of Global Net Lease Special Limited
Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC, AR Capital,
LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC (collectively, Bellevue) entered into an Ownership
Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of September 12, 2023 (the Initial Bellevue Waiver Agreement), that provided
Bellevue with an ownership limit waiver effective as of that date, allowing Bellevue to be an Excepted Holder, which was amended and restated
as of the date hereof (the Bellevue Waiver).

WHEREAS, Mrs. Schorsch
and the Company amended and restated the Initial SDS Waiver Agreement as of November 6, 2023 (the A&R SDS Waiver Agreement),
pursuant to which the Company waived the application of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit contained in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A)(1) of the Charter to permit Mrs. Schorsch to
Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock up to an increased Series Limit for the Common Stock of 13.8% and an
increased Overall Limit of 13.8% (collectively the Prior SDS Ownership Limit) from and after September 12, 2023.

WHEREAS, the Company
has authorized a share repurchase program which may have the effect of Mrs. Schorsch Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning
Shares in excess of the Prior SDS Ownership Limit.

WHEREAS, Mrs. Schorsch
has requested an additional waiver of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit to replace the Prior
SDS Ownership Limit.

WHEREAS, effective
as of the date hereof, Mrs. Schorsch and the Company desire to amend and restate the A&R SDS Waiver Agreement, and to enter into
this Agreement in lieu thereof, which supersedes and replaces the A&R SDS Waiver Agreement in its entirety.

WHEREAS, in connection
with this Agreement, Mrs. Schorsch will make the representations and covenants set forth in the Certificate of Representations and
Covenants, attached hereto as Exhibit B.

WHEREAS, Nicholas S.
Schorsch, on his own behalf and on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended,
the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27, 2016 and MWM Series, LLC (collectively, NSS), and
the Company entered into an Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2023, that provided Mr. Schorsch
with an ownership limit waiver, allowing Mr. Schorsch to be an Excepted Holder, which was amended and restated as of November 6,
2023 (the A&R NSS Waiver Agreement).

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, NSS has entered into the Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement
as of the date hereof that provides NSS with an additional ownership limit waiver, allowing NSS to continue as an Excepted Holder.

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof (the Determination Date), Mrs. Schorsch is treated as Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning
Shares held by NSS and Bellevue.

WHEREAS, the Shelley
D. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended, is a grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Mrs. Schorsch owned 89,264 Shares.

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Determination Date, NSS owned 7,840,199 Shares.

WHEREAS, as of the
day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Bellevue owned 21,839,457 Shares.

WHEREAS, the Ownership
Limit Waiver (as defined below) shall be effective as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date).

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 5.7(ii)(g)(I) of the Charter, the Company has adopted resolutions approving Mrs. Schorschs exemption from
the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties, intending to be legally bound, in reliance on the representations set forth in the Certificate (as defined below), hereby agree
as follow:

AGREEMENT

1. WAIVER
OF OWNERSHIP LIMIT

1.1 The
Company hereby waives the application of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit contained in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A)(1) of the
Charter to permit Mrs. Schorsch to Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Exempt
Stock), subject to an increased Series Limit for the Common Stock of 15.3% and an increased Overall Limit of 15.3% (the
Excepted Holder Limit) from and after the Effective Date (collectively the Ownership Limit Waiver).

1.2 The
Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit granted by this Section 1 is granted solely to Mrs. Schorsch. Any Transfer
of the Exempt Stock held by Mrs. Schorsch shall cause any such Shares to no longer be subject to this Ownership Limit Waiver and
any such Shares shall be subject to the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit as of the date of such Transfer.

2

1.3 The
Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit granted by this Section 1 only grant Mrs. Schorsch the right to Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own Shares up to the Excepted Holder Limit. As of the day immediately prior to the Determination Date, Mrs. Schorsch
owned 89,264 Shares, and Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned 27,584,974.30 Shares. Mrs. Schorsch shall not, so long as this
Agreement remains in place, (i) acquire, directly or indirectly, any additional Shares that would result in Mrs. Schorsch Beneficially
Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess of the Prior SDS Ownership Limit, or (ii) Beneficially Own or Constructively Own
Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit.

1.4 Except
as specifically provided in Section 1.1, this Agreement does not waive any restrictions or limitations set forth in Section 5.7
of the Charter as they apply to Mrs. Schorsch or other Shares Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned by any person, other than
Mrs. Schorsch. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement also does not modify Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(B) and (II) of
the Charter in any respect.

2. LIMITATIONS
AND OTHER MATTERS

2.1 In
no event shall the Ownership Limit Waiver permit any Individuals Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares to exceed,
at any time, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit of Section 5.7(i) of the Charter as determined without regard to any provisions
of this Agreement, unless and to the extent such Individual is an Excepted Holder. For the purpose of this Agreement, Individual
has the meaning provided in Section 542(a)(2) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(3) of the Code.

2.2 For
the Ownership Limit Waiver to be effective, Mrs. Schorsch must execute a counterpart signature page to this Agreement and complete
and make the representations and covenants set forth in the Certificate of Representations and Covenants, the form of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate), and must deliver such Certificate to the Company. Except as otherwise
determined by the Company, the Ownership Limit Waiver shall cease to be effective upon any breach of the representations or covenants
set forth herein or in the Certificate. In addition, if the Ownership Limit Waiver ceases to be effective as a result of the operation
of the preceding sentence, the Shares that would otherwise be in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit shall be deemed to have
been transferred to a Trust (as such term is defined in the Charter) in accordance with 5.7(ii)(a)(II) of the Charter.

2.3 Mrs. Schorsch
shall deliver to the Company, at such times as may reasonably be requested by the Company (it being acknowledged that the Company may
reasonably make such request on at least a calendar quarterly basis), a certificate signed by Mrs. Schorsch to the effect that Mrs. Schorsch
has complied and expects to continue to comply with its representations and covenants set forth in this Agreement and the Certificate.
If so requested by the Company, Mrs. Schorsch will reasonably cooperate with the Company in investigating any direct or indirect
relationship that Mrs. Schorsch may have with the Companys tenants or independent contractors (within the meaning
of Section 856(d)(3) of the Code).

2.4 This
Ownership Limit Waiver shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked (prospectively or, as necessary in order to protect the Companys
qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code, retroactively) without any further action if the Company determines, in
its sole discretion, that the Companys ability to qualify and maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust pursuant
to Section 856 et seq. of the Code is reasonably likely to be jeopardized by the Ownership Limit Waiver, or in fact the Ownership
Limit Waiver would jeopardize such qualification. The Company shall promptly notify Mrs. Schorsch in the event that it has been determined
that the Ownership Limit Waiver has been revoked pursuant to this Section 2.4.

3. TERM

3.1 The
term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date, and shall terminate on the earliest of (i) with respect to Mrs. Schorsch,
the earliest date on which Mrs. Schorsch does not Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share
Ownership Limit; (ii) the earliest date on which any of the conditions set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this Agreement
are no longer true or accurate, or otherwise have been violated; (iii) with respect to Mrs. Schorsch, the earliest date on which
any of the representations, warranties, agreements, or undertakings made in the Certificate (without giving effect to any qualifications
as to knowledge) are no longer true; (iv) the earliest date on which the Company makes the determination set forth in Section 2.4
of this Agreement; (v) the earliest date on which Mrs. Schorsch acquires, directly or indirectly, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive
Ownership of any additional Shares in excess of the aggregate of the number of Shares that Mrs. Schorsch, directly or indirectly,
Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned, as of the day immediately prior to the Determination Date; or (vi) the date on which
the Bellevue Waiver has been terminated.

3

4. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 All
questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the domestic laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision (whether of the
State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of
Maryland.

4.2 This
Agreement may be signed by the parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so signed and delivered shall be an original, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

4.3 All
references to any Code provision shall be deemed to include any successor provisions of the Code and any regulatory, judicial or administrative
amendment or interpretation of such statutory provisions.

4.4 This
Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral,
relating to the subject matter hereof (including, but not limited to, the A&R SDS Waiver agreement).

4.5 The
Recitals to this Agreement are incorporated into and are deemed a part of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

4

Each of the parties has, to the extent it is an
entity, caused this Agreement to be signed by its duly authorized officers as of the date set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof.

THE COMPANY 

Global Net Lease, Inc. 

By: /s/ Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Name: Edward M. Weil, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Shelley D. Schorsch 

Shelley D. Schorsch 

/s/ Shelley D. Schorsch 

Shelley D. Schorsch, as Trustee, on behalf of the Shelley D.
Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended 

Date: March 13, 2025 

[Signature Page to Ownership Limit Waiver
Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

COMPANY SHARES AUTHORIZED, ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING

Class of Shares Shares Authorized Shares Issued and Outstanding 

Common Stock 250,000,000 230,783,453 

7.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 9,959,650 6,799,467 

6.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 11,450,000 4,695,887 

7.50% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 7,933,711 7,933,711 

7.375% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 4,595,175 4,595,175 

A-1

EXHIBIT B

CERTIFICATE OF REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS FOR

OWNERSHIP LIMIT WAIVER

Global Net Lease, Inc.
(the Company), as of the date hereof, has the number and classes of Shares authorized, issued and outstanding as
set forth in Exhibit A. On the date hereof, Shelley D. Schorsch, on her own behalf and on behalf of the Shelley D. Schorsch
Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended (collectively, SDS) has entered into a Second
Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement (the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement) effective
as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date) that provides SDS with an additional ownership limit waiver, allowing
SDS to continue as an Excepted Holder (the Amended SDS Waiver). Concurrently with the execution of the Amended SDS
Waiver, Nicholas S. Schorsch, on his own behalf and on behalf of the Nicholas S. Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7,
2011, as Amended, the Nicholas S. Schorsch 2016 GRAT (BCP) dated September 27, 2016, and MWM Series, LLC (collectively, NSS)
has entered into a Second Amended and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of the date hereof, that provides
NSS with an additional ownership limit waiver effective as of the Effective Date, allowing NSS to continue as an Excepted Holder (the
Amended NSS Waiver). Bellevue Capital Partners, LLC, on its own behalf and on behalf of Global Net Lease Special
Limited Partnership, LLC, AR Capital Global Holdings, LLC, AR Global Investments, LLC, American Realty Capital Global II Special LP, LLC,
AR Capital, LLC, Metropolitan Wealth Management, LLC and MWM PIC, LLC (collectively, Bellevue) entered into an Amended
and Restated Ownership Limit Waiver Agreement dated as of March 13, 2025 that provides Bellevue with an additional ownership
limit waiver effective as of that date, allowing Bellevue to be an Excepted Holder (the Amended Bellevue Waiver).
As of the date hereof (the Determination Date), SDS is treated as Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares
held by Bellevue and NSS.

Except where noted otherwise,
capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement.

SDS hereby certifies and affirms
as of the Determination Date, the accuracy of the representations set forth in this Certificate of Representations and Covenants for Ownership
Limit Waiver (this Certificate) on which the Company will rely with regard to granting the Ownership Limit Waiver
for SDS and an Excepted Holder Limit pursuant to the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement. To the extent that the representations set forth
below refer to future conduct, such representations constitute covenants of SDS.

1. As of the day immediately prior to the Determination Date, SDS owned 89,264 Shares, and does not Beneficially
Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit (as defined in the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement).

2. SDS does not know or have reason to know that, as of the Determination Date (taking into account the Amended
Bellevue Waiver and the Amended NSS Waiver), any Person (as defined in the Charter) would be in violation of Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(A) or
(B) of the Charter as a result of SDSs actual ownership, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares. SDS will
immediately notify the Company if she knows or has reason to know of such a violation.

3. Commencing with the Effective Date and at all times thereafter during which SDS Beneficially Owns or Constructively
Owns an amount of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit:

(a) In no event will SDS directly or indirectly own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess
of the Excepted Holder Limit.

(b) No Person who is treated as an individual under Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined after
taking into account Section 856(h) of the Code) actually owns, Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns, or in the future will
actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, as a result of the Exempt Stock, Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership
Limit, unless, in each case, that Person is an Excepted Holder.

B-1

(c) SDS will not purchase or acquire, directly or indirectly, any additional Shares that would result in Mrs. Schorsch
Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in excess of the Prior SDS Ownership Limit.

(d) Other than a tenant that is a taxable REIT subsidiary of the Company (within the meaning
of Section 856(l) of the Code), SDS has not and will not be a tenant of the Company, or actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively
Own an interest in a tenant of the Company (or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Company) if it would cause the Company
to actually own, Beneficially Own or Constructively Own, more than a 9.9% interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of
the Code) in such tenant.

4. SDS covenants that, after the date hereof, SDS will promptly notify the Company of the date on which the
foregoing representations and covenants are no longer true and correct in all respects, and acknowledges and agrees that, if at any time
the foregoing representations and covenants would not be accurate, or if there is an event that would result in the Company being treated
as closely held within the meaning of Section 856(a)(6) of the Code, or the disqualification of the Company as
a real estate investment trust under Section 856(a) of the Code by virtue of actual ownership, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive
Ownership, SDS shall comply with applicable provisions as set forth in the Charter and take any and all remedial measures in order to
cause the representations and covenants in this Certificate to be accurate and not cause the Company to be treated as closely held
within the meaning of Section 856(a)(6) of the Code or fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust under Section 856(a) of
the Code.

5. SDS understands and acknowledges that:

(a) The Ownership Limit Waiver and Excepted Holder Limit are for the sole benefit of SDS and may not be assigned
or transferred, including by operation of law or in connection with a merger, consolidation, transfer of equity interests or other transaction
involving any party benefiting from the Ownership Limit Waiver, by SDS without prior written consent of the Company.

(b) The Exempt Stock remains subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in Sections 5.7(ii)(a)(I)(B) and
5.7(ii)(a)(I)(C) of the Charter.

(c) Any violation or attempted violation of the representations and covenants set in this Certificate, or
to the extent provided in the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement to which this Certificate is an Exhibit, (or any other action which
is contrary to the restrictions on transfer and ownership of Shares set forth in Section 5.7(ii)(a)(I) of the Charter) will
result in any Shares that would be actually owned, Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned by SDS in excess of the Aggregate Share
Ownership Limit, and that would otherwise be Exempt Stock, being automatically transferred to a Trust in accordance with Section 5.7(ii)(a)(II) of
the Charter.

(d) Except as otherwise determined by the Company, to the extent provided in the Second A&R SDS Waiver
Agreement, the Ownership Limit Waiver shall cease to be effective upon the breach of the representations or covenants set forth in this
Certificate or in the Second A&R SDS Waiver Agreement to which it is an Exhibit.

(e) All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Certificate shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision (whether of the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Maryland.

B-2

6. Upon request, SDS shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the Company, such additional information
as the Company may reasonably request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the ownership of Shares by SDS on the Companys
qualification as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

7. The Company may rely on the representations and covenants contained in this Certificate for purposes of
granting SDS the Ownership Limit Waiver.

[Signature Page Follows]

B-3

/s/ Shelley D. Schorsch 

Shelley D. Schorsch 

/s/ Shelley D. Schorsch 

Shelley D. Schorsch, as Trustee, on behalf of the Shelley D.
Schorsch Revocable Agreement of Trust dated October 7, 2011, as Amended 

Date: March 13, 2025 

B-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gnl-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gnl-20250307_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gnl-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>gnl-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 07, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37390

Entity Registrant Name Global Net Lease, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001526113

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2771978

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 650
Fifth Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 30th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 332

Local Phone Number 265-2020

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.25%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.875%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.50%
Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR D

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.375%
Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR E

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
6 
23 
1 
false 
5 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globalnetlease.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gnl-20250307.xsd 
gnl-20250307_def.xml 
gnl-20250307_lab.xml 
gnl-20250307_pre.xml 
tm259014d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-023466-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm259014d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001526113 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001526113 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001526113 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
Global Net Lease, Inc. 
MD 
001-37390 
45-2771978 
650 Fifth Avenue 
30th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10019 
332 
265-2020 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL 
NYSE 
7.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR A 
NYSE 
6.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR B 
NYSE 
7.50% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR D 
NYSE 
7.375% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR E 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>