<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001999538-25-000003.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001999538-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228113440
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001999538-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			X1 Capital Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001999538
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				932414793
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56609
		FILM NUMBER:		25685176

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6637 S WINDING BROOK DR
		CITY:			FAIRHOPE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			36532
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7136147755

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6637 S WINDING BROOK DR
		CITY:			FAIRHOPE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			36532
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k02282025v1.htm
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

X1 Capital Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

814-01672 

Maryland 

Withheld due 

to security concerns

(Commission File Number) 

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer 

Identification No.)

6637 S Winding Brook Dr., Fairhope, AL 36532

(Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code)

Registrant telephone number, including area code: (713)614-7755

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On February 27, 2025, X1 Capital Inc. (Company) held a Special Meeting, which also served as the Annual Meeting. At the meeting, the following measured passed with an affirmative vote of 100% of the outstanding shares in the Company. 

The Amended By-Laws 

The Amended Articles of Incorporation 

The revised investment strategy 

The Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

The Investment Management Agreement* 

The Administration Agreement* 

*Please note that the Investment Management Agreement and the Administration Agreement only come into effect upon the Initial Close, as defined in the Form 10-12G/A filed on December 28, 2023.

Item 1 

Registrants Business and Operations

Below is the revised investment strategy, as approved by shareholders:

X1 Capital Inc. (the Company) will primarily invest in private US companies. 

The Company will focus on three strategies. First, the Company will provide bridge loans to private companies that have been approved for government-guaranteed loans by an approved lender under programs such as the USDA One RD program but are waiting for final approval from the USDA. The Company may expand this business to become an approved lender under such programs.

Second, the Company will focus on acquiring BDC-qualified loans to warehouse for resale. This will be done by both acquiring loans directly and by investing in firms that acquire and hold loans for resale. The primary loan-type focus will be government-guaranteed loans such as the One RD loans, where the government typically guarantees 80% of the principal.

Third, the Company will focus on providing bridge financing for Federal and State tax credit and other incentive programs. The fundamental challenge with most tax credit and incentive programs is that the credits only become available upon project completion. This means that the business cannot use the tax credits and incentive programs to fund development. By providing bridge financing, we solve for a major pain point.

Additionally, the Company may provide debt or equity to private companies to fund growth or acquisitions.

The Company anticipates most of its debt investments will not be rated, and that, if rated, most investments would be classified as junk bonds / high yield bonds as compared to investment grade. Investment-grade bonds are bonds rated at a level that signifies a relatively low risk of default. Credit rating agencies like Moody's, Standard & Poor's, and Fitch assign ratings to these bonds. Bonds rated at or above 'BBB-' (or its equivalent, depending on the rating agency) are considered investment grade. Junk bonds (high-yield bonds) are bonds rated below 'BBB-' These ratings indicate a higher risk of default or financial instability of the issuing entity. The term "junk" does not denote the quality of the bond per se but rather signifies a higher risk and, consequently, a higher potential return. The higher yield serves as compensation for investors willing to take on greater risk. Junk bonds are often utilized by companies with less established credit histories or those undergoing financial restructuring, providing them with necessary capital at the cost of higher interest rates.

Item 1.01 

Entry into Material Definitive Agreement

On February 27, 2025, with 100% shareholder approval, the Company entered into an agreement an Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement with Growth Lending LLC. These agreements only become effective upon the Initial Close. Please see Exhibits 10.7 and 10.8.

Item 5.03. 

Amendment to Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation

On February 27, 2025, the Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation of the Company were amended and restated. These amendments were around the term and staggering dates for the Board of Directors. They are effective immediately. The Amended Bylaws of the Company are filed herewith and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07. 

Submission of Matters to Vote of Securities Holders

On February 27, 2025, X1 Capital Inc. (Company) held a Special Meeting, which also served as the Annual Meeting. At the meeting, the following measured passed with an affirmative vote of 100% of the outstanding shares in the Company. 

The Amended By-Laws 

The Amended Articles of Incorporation 

The revised investment strategy 

The Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

The Investment Management Agreement 

The Administration Agreement 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

3.1 

Amended Articles of Incorporation as of February 27, 2025

3.2 

Amended Bylaws as of February 27, 2025

10.3 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan, dated February 27, 2025

10.7 

Investment Management Agreement, dated February 27, 2025

10.8 

Administration Agreement, dated February 27, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 28, 2025 

X1 Capital Inc.

By: 

/s/ James Hickey

Name: 

James Hickey

Title: 

CEO

Exhibit 3.1: Amended Articles of Incorporation As of February 27, 2025

X1 CAPITAL INC.

AMENDED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

February 27, 2025

FIRST: The undersigned, a Maryland Company, files the following Articles of Incorporation.

ARTICLE I: NAME

The name of the corporation (the Corporation) is X1 Capital Inc.

ARTICLE II: PURPOSES

The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the general laws of the State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force, including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act).

ARTICLE III: RESIDENT AGENT AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE

The resident agent of the Corporation is Maryland Resident Agent, 5000 Thayer Center, Suite C; Oakland, MD 21550-1139. The address of the principal office is 5000 Thayer Center, Suite C; Oakland, MD 21550-1139. 

ARTICLE IV: PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE CORPORATION AND OF THE STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS

Section 4.1 Number, Vacancies and Classification of Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board). The initial number of directors of the Corporation is three, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board pursuant to the Bylaws, but shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL). The term of each director of the Board shall be set pursuant to the Bylaws.

These directors may increase the number of directors and may fill any vacancy, whether resulting from an increase in the number of directors or otherwise, on the Board occurring before the first annual meeting of stockholders in the manner provided in the Bylaws.

The Corporation elects, at such time as the Corporation becomes eligible to make an election provided for under Section 3-802(b) of the MGCL, that, subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act and except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of Preferred Stock (as hereinafter defined), any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies.

On the first date on which the Corporation shall have more than one stockholder of record, the directors (other than any director elected solely by holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock in connection with dividend arrearages) shall be classified, with respect to the terms for which they severally hold office, into two classes, as nearly equal in number as possible as determined by the Board, one class to hold office initially for a term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, another class to hold office initially for a term expiring at the second succeeding annual meeting of stockholders and another class to hold office initially for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, with the members of each class to hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualify. At each annual meeting of the stockholders, the successors to the class of directors whose term expires at such meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election and until their successors are duly elected and qualify.

Section 4.2 Extraordinary Actions. Except as specifically provided in Section 4.9 and in Section 6.2 of the charter of the Corporation (the Charter), notwithstanding any provision of law requiring any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable and approved by the Board and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

Section 4.3 Election of Directors. Except as otherwise provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation, each director shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon.

Section 4.4 Quorum. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast (without regard to class) shall constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders, except with respect to any such matter that, under applicable statutes or regulatory requirements or the Charter, requires approval by a separate vote of one or more classes or series of stock, in which case the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by such classes or series on such a matter shall constitute a quorum. To the extent permitted by Maryland law as in effect from time to time, the foregoing quorum provision may be changed by the Bylaws.

Section 4.5 Authorization by Board of Stock Issuance. The Board may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of the Corporation of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its stock of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration as the Board may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Bylaws.

Section 4.6 Preemptive Rights. Except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares of stock pursuant to Section 5.4 or as may otherwise be provided by contract, no holder of shares of stock of the Corporation shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of stock of the Corporation or any other security of the Corporation which it may issue or sell.

Section 4.7 Appraisal Rights. No holder of stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to exercise the rights of an objecting stockholder under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL or any successor provision thereto unless the Board, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board, shall determine that such rights apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of stock, or any proportion of the shares thereof, to a particular transaction or all transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which holders of such shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise such rights.

Section 4.8 Determinations by Board. The determination as to any of the following matters, made in good faith by or pursuant to the direction of the Board consistent with the Charter, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Corporation and every holder of shares of its stock: the amount of the net income of the Corporation for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption of its stock or the payment of other distributions on its stock; the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other cash flow, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged); any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of stock of the Corporation; the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Corporation or of any shares of stock of the Corporation; the number of shares of stock of any class of the Corporation; any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Corporation; or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Corporation or required or permitted by applicable law, the Charter or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board.

Section 4.9 Removal of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock to elect or remove one or more directors, any director, or the entire Board, may be removed from office at any time only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. For the purpose of this paragraph, cause shall mean, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable, material harm to the Corporation through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty.

Section 4.10 Exclusive Forum. All stockholders of the Corporation shall be subject to the forum selection provisions for any direct or derivative action or proceeding as may be set forth in the Bylaws.

ARTICLE V: STOCK

Section 5.1 Authorized Shares. The Corporation has authority to issue 100,000,000 shares of stock, initially consisting of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share (Common Stock). The aggregate par value of all authorized shares of stock having par value is $1,000,000. If shares of one class or series of stock are classified or reclassified into shares of another class or series of stock pursuant to this Article V, the number of authorized shares of the former class or series shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class or series shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of stock of all classes and series that the Corporation has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of stock set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph. A majority of the entire Board, without any action by the stockholders of the Corporation, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Corporation has authority to issue.

Section 5.2 Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. The Board may reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock.

Section 5.3 Preferred Stock. The Board may classify any unissued shares of stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of stock of any class or series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of stock, including Preferred Stock (Preferred Stock).

Section 5.4 Classified or Reclassified Shares. Prior to issuance of classified or reclassified shares of any class or series, the Board by resolution shall:

a)Designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation 

b)Specify the number of shares to be included in the class or series 

c)Set or change, subject to the express terms of any class or series of stock of the Corporation outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series 

d)Cause the Corporation to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (SDAT). Any of the terms of any class or series of stock may be made dependent upon facts or events ascertainable outside the Charter (including determinations by the Board or other facts or events within the control of the Corporation) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts, events or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of stock is clearly and expressly set forth in the Charter document filed with the SDAT. 

Section 5.5 Inspection of Books and Records. A stockholder that is otherwise eligible under applicable law to inspect the Corporations books of account, stock ledger, or other specified documents of the Corporation shall have no right to make such inspection if the Board determines that such stockholder has an improper purpose for requesting such inspection.

Section 5.6 Charter and Bylaws. All persons who shall acquire stock in the Corporation shall acquire the same subject to the provisions of the Charter and the Bylaws. The Board shall have the exclusive power, at any time, to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws.

ARTICLE VI: AMENDMENTS; CERTAIN EXTRAORDINARY TRANSACTIONS

Section 6.1 Amendments Generally. The Corporation reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to its Charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Charter, of any shares of outstanding stock. All rights and powers conferred by the Charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted subject to this reservation.

Section 6.2 Approval of Certain Extraordinary Actions and Charter Amendments.

a)Required Votes. The affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast at least 80 percent of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, each voting as a separate class, shall be necessary to effect: 

i)Any amendment to the Charter to make the Corporations Common Stock a redeemable security or to convert the Corporation, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company (as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act) 

ii)The liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation and any amendment to the Charter to effect any such liquidation or dissolution 

iii)Any amendment to, or any amendment inconsistent with the provisions of, Section 4.1, Section 4.2, Section 4.9, Section 6.1 or this Section 6.2 

iv)Any merger, consolidation, share exchange or sale or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation that the MGCL requires be approved by the stockholders of the Corporation 

v)Any transaction between the Corporation and a person, or group of persons acting together (including, without limitation, a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor provision), and any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with any such person or member of such group, that is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise, or acquire the right to exercise or direct the exercise, directly or indirectly, other than solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, of one-tenth or more of the voting power in the election of directors generally provided, however, that, if the Continuing Directors (as defined herein), by a vote of at least a majority of such Continuing Directors, in addition to approval by the Board, approve such proposal, transaction or amendment, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast shall be sufficient to approve such proposal, transaction or amendment; and provided further, that, with respect to any transaction referred to in (a)(v) above, if such transaction is approved by the Continuing Directors, by a vote of at least two-thirds of such Continuing Directors, no stockholder approval of such transaction shall be required unless the MGCL or another provision of the Charter or Bylaws otherwise requires such approval. 

b)Continuing Directors. Continuing Directors means (i) the directors identified in Section 4.1, (ii) the directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies on the Board is approved by a majority of the directors identified in Section 4.1, who are on the Board at the time of the nomination or election, as applicable, or (iii) any successor directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors or successor Continuing Directors, who are on the Board at the time of the nomination or election, as applicable. 

ARTICLE VII: LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES

Section 7.1 Limitation of Liability. To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of directors and officers of a corporation, no present or former director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages.

Section 7.2 Indemnification and Advance of Expenses. The Corporation shall have the power, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and the 1940 Act, both as in effect from time to time, to obligate itself to indemnify, and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to, (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject or which such person may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity. The Corporation shall have the power, with the approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee thereof, to provide such indemnification and advancement of expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation.

Section 7.3 1940 Act. The provisions of this Article VII shall be subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act.

Section 7.4 Amendment or Repeal. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or Bylaws inconsistent with this Article VII, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sections of this Article VII with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption.

ARTICLE VIII: TERMINATION; LIQUIDATION

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Charter to the contrary, if, prior to any initial public offering of the Common Stock that may occur, the Board determines that there has been a significant adverse change in the regulatory or tax treatment of the Corporation or its stockholders that in its judgment makes it inadvisable for the Corporation to continue in its present form, then the Board shall endeavor to restructure or change the form of the Corporation to preserve (insofar as possible) the overall benefits previously enjoyed by stockholders as a whole or, if the Board determines it appropriate (and subject to any necessary stockholder approvals and applicable requirements of the 1940 Act), the Board shall at any time after the third anniversary of the Final Closing (defined as a date which is no more than twenty-four months after the date of the initial stockholder investment in the Corporation), or earlier if the Board determines it appropriate, (i) (a) wind down, (b) sell or exchange all or substantially all of the Corporations assets and/or (c) liquidate and dissolve the Corporation, or (ii) amend the Charter as necessary to preserve (insofar as possible) the overall benefits previously enjoyed by stockholders as a whole.

The undersigned Chief Executive Officer acknowledges these Articles of Incorporation to be the corporate act of the Corporation and, as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer acknowledges that, to the best of his knowledge, information and belief, these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the penalties for perjury.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused these Articles of Amendment and Restatement to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its President and Chief Executive Officer.

Signature:

/s/James Hickey

James Hickey

CEO, X1 Capital Inc.

Exhibit 3.2: Amended Bylaws as of February 27, 2025

XlCAPITALINC.(the"Corporation")

AMENDED BYLAWS

February 27, 2025

ARTICLEI:OFFICES

Section 1. Principal Office. The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate.

Section 2. Additional Offices. The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLEII:MEETINGSOFSTOCKHOLDERS

Section l. Place. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting.

Section 2. Annual Meeting. Commencing with the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, an annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time set by the Board of Directors.

Section 3. Special Meetings.

(a)General.The Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, or the Board of Directors may call a special meeting of the stockholders. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting.

(b)Stockholder Requested Special Meetings. (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the "Record Date Request Notice") by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the "Request Record Date"). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder that must be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Exchange Act"). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary.

(2)In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the "Special Meeting Request") signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting (the "Special Meeting Percentage") shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters 

proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation's books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation or the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary.

(3)The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation's proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of any notice of the meeting. 

(4)Except as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a "Stockholder-Requested Meeting"), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the "Meeting Record Date"); and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the "Delivery Date"), a date and time for a Stockholder Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m., local time, on the 90th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day; and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors may consider such factors as he, she or it deems relevant within the good faith exercise of business judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 

(5)If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the secretary: (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been mailed or delivered, the secretary shall refrain from mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been mailed or delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation's intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chairman of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chairman of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 

(6)The Chairman of the Board, chief executive officer, or Board of Directors may appoint independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose 

of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation).

(7)For purposes of these Bylaws, "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Section 4. Notice of Meetings. Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, either by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder's residence or usual place of business or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder's address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting.

Subject to Section l l(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a "public announcement" (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section.

Section 5. Organization and Conduct. Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chairman of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the Chairman of the Board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Chairman of the Board, by one of the following officers present at the meeting: the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, the chief executive officer, the president, any vice president, the secretary, the treasurer or, in the absence of such officers, a chairman chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the secretary's absence, an assistant secretary or, in the absence of both the secretary and assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such appointment, an individual appointed by the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chairman and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting;

(b) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine; (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions orcomments; (e) determining when the polls should be opened and closed; (f) maintaining order and security at the meeting; (g) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chairman of the meeting; (h) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and at a place announced at the meeting; and (i) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section 6. Quorum. At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast (without regard to class) shall constitute a quorum at any meeting of the stockholders, except with respect to any such matter that, under applicable statutes or regulatory requirements, requires approval by a separate vote of one or more classes of stock, in which case the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by each such class on such a matter shall constitute a quorum. This section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter.

If, however, such quorum is not present at any meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power to (a) adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting or (b) conclude the meeting without adjournment to another date. If a meeting is adjourned and a quorum is present at such adjournment, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum was present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum.

Section 7. Voting. A plurality of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director. Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the charter of the Corporation. Unless otherwise provided in the charter, each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders.

Section 8. Proxies. A stockholder may cast the votes entitled to be cast by the holder of the shares of stock owned of record by the stockholder in person or by proxy executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder's duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the Corporation before or at the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy.

Section 9. Voting of Stock by Certain Shareholders. Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, general partner, trustee or managing member thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any director or other fiduciary may vote stock registered in the name of such person in the capacity of such director or fiduciary, either in person or by proxy.

Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time.

The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the

certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation; and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or desirable. On receipt by the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification.

Section 10. Inspectors. The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor thereto. The inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy and the validity and effect of proxies,

(ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (iv) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (v) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof.

Section 11. Advanced Notice of Stockholder Nominees for Director and Other Stockholder Proposals

(a)Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section l l(a) and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with this Section l l(a). 

(2)For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(l) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder's notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year's annual meeting nor later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) for the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year's annual meeting (or in the case of the first annual meeting), notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. 

(3)Such stockholder's notice shall set forth: 

(i)as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a "Proposed Nominee"), (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such Proposed Nominee, (B) whether such stockholder believes any Proposed Nominee is, or is not, an "interested person of the Corporation, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder (the "Investment Company Act") and information regarding such Proposed Nominee that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to make such determination and (C) all other information relating to such Proposed Nominee that is required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder (including such Proposed Nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected);

(ii)as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business, the reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom;

(iii)as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder

Associated Person,

(A)the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof(collectively, the "Company Securities"), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person,

(B)the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person,

(C)whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of(x) Company Securities or (y) any security of any other closed-end investment company (a "Peer Group Company") for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) disproportionately to such person's economic interest in the Company Securities (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company); and

(D)any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a prorata basis by all other holders of the same class or series;

(iv)as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section l l(a) and any Proposed Nominee,

(A)the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's stock ledger, and the current name and address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee, and

(B)the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person; and

(v)to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business on the date of such stockholder's notice.

(4)Such stockholder's notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a certificate executed by the Proposed Nominee (i) certifying that such Proposed Nominee (a) is not, and will not become 

a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation and (b) will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected; and (ii) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, to the stockholder providing the notice and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded).

(5)Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section ll(c)(3) of this Article II) for the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section l l(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 

(6)For purposes of this Section 11, "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean 

(i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person.

(b)Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation's notice of meeting, if the stockholder's notice, containing the information required by paragraph (a)(3) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. 

(c)General. (1) If information submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a Director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 and (B) a written update of any information previously submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting). If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification or written update within such period, the information as to which written verification or a written update was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 

(1)Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11.

(2)For purposes of this Section 11, "the date of the proxy statement" shall have the same meaning as "the date of the company's proxy statement release to shareholders" as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. "Public announcement" shall mean disclosure (A) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (B) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Investment Company Act.

(3)Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act.

Section 12. Voting by Ballot. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the presiding officer shall order or any stockholder shall demand that voting be by ballot.

Section 13. Control Share Acquisition Act. Notwithstanding any other provision of the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, Subtitle 7 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the "MGCL"), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition.

ARTICLEIII:DIRECTORS

Section 1. General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors.

Section 2. Number, Tenure, and Resignation. The number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by a two thirds majority vote of the shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) the initial number of directors shall be three and (2) the number of directors shall never be less than one, nor more than nine. The term shall be three (3) years per appointment, and directors shall be able to serve multiple consecutive appointments. To the extent possible, terms shall be arranged so that a majority of the directors shall not have their terms expire within the same year. The tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation.

Section 3. Annual and Regular Meetings. An annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held from time to time at such places and times as provided by the Board of Directors by resolution, without notice other than such resolution.

Section 4. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, or by a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix any place as the place for holding any

special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board of Directors without notice other than such resolution.

Section 5. Notice. Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, United States mail or courier to each director at his or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws.

Section 6. Quorum. A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors.

The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and convened may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum.

Section 7. Voting. The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws.

Section 8. Organization. At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board shall act as chairman of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation, or in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chairman of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

Section 9. Video Meeting. Directors may participate in a meeting by means of video conference call or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time; provided however, this Section 9 does not apply to any action of the directors pursuant to the Investment Company Act, that requires the vote of the directors to be cast in person at a meeting. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 10. Consent by Directors Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent to such action is given in writing or by electronic transmission and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors; provided however, this Section 10 does not apply to any action of the directors pursuant to the Investment Company Act, that requires the vote of the directors to be cast in person at a meeting.

Section 11. Vacancies. If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder, if any. Pursuant to the Corporation's election in Article IV of the charter, subject to applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, (a) any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum and (b) any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies.

Section 12. Compensation. Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may receive compensation per and for any service or activity they perform or engage in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expense for any service or activity they perform or engage in as directors; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

Section 13. Loss of Deposits. No director shall be liable for any loss which may occur by reason of the failure of the bank, trust company, savings and loan association, or other institution with whom moneys or stock have been deposited.

Section 14. Surety Bonds. Unless required by law, no director shall be obligated to give any bond or surety or other security for the performance of any of his or her duties.

Section 15. Reliance. Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person's professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence.

Section 16. Ratification. The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify and make binding on the Corporation any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter. Moreover, any action or inaction questioned in any stockholders' derivative proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, or the application of improper principles or practices of accounting, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if the action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders and shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction.

Section 17. Emergency Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provision in the charter or these Bylaws, this Section 17 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an "Emergency"). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (i) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances; (ii) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio; and (iii) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors.

ARTICLEIV:COMMITTEES

Section 1. Number, Tenure, and Qualifications. The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, a Compensation Committee and other committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

Section 2. Powers. The Board of Directors may delegate to committees appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law.

Section 3. Meetings. Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors may designate a chairman of any committee, and such chairman or, in the absence ofa chairman, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the Committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. Each committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings.

Section 4. Video Meeting. Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a video or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 5. Consent by Committees without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent to such action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee.

Section 6. Vacancies. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate one or more alternate members to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. Subject to the power of the Board of Directors, the members of the committee shall have the power to fill any vacancies on the committee.

ARTICLEV:OFFICERS

Section 1. General Provisions. The officers of the Corporation shall include a chief executive officer, a secretary and a treasurer and may include a president, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, a chief investment officer, a chief compliance officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable. The Board of Directors may designate a Chairman of the Board and a Vice Chairman of the Board, neither of whom shall, solely by reason of such designations, be officers of the Corporation but shall have such powers and duties as determined by the Board of Directors from time to time. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer or president may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries, assistant treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent.

Section 2. Removal and Resignation. Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Removal of the chief executive officer requires unanimous consent by the Board of Directors. Removal of any non-board member officer requires just a majority vote of the Board of Directors. Additionally, the chief executive officer may remove a non-board member officer without Board of Directors approval. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the notice of resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation.

Section 3. Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the

term.

Section 4. Chief Executive Officer. Removal of anyone as Chief Executive Officer requires a majority vote by the Board of Directors or a two thirds majority vote of the Shareholders. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed; and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.

Section 5. Chief Operating Officer. The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

Section 6. Chief Investment Officer. The Board of Directors may designate a chief investment officer. The chief investment officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

Section 7. Chief Financial Officer. The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

Section 8. Chief Compliance Officer The chief compliance officer, subject to the direction of and reporting to the Board of Directors, shall be responsible for the oversight of the Corporation's compliance with the Federal securities laws. The designation, compensation and removal of the chief compliance officer must be approved by the Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(l9) of the Investment Company Act) of the Corporation. The chief compliance officer shall perform such executive, supervisory and management functions and duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time. When there is a vacancy in this role, the chief executive officer shall serve as the chief compliance officer.

Section 9. President. In the absence of a designation of a chief executive officer by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed; and in general shall perform al I duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.

Section 10. Secretary. The secretary shall: (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation; (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder; (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation; and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors.

Section 11. Treasurer. The treasurer shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the Board of Directors, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation.

The treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

ARTICLEVI:CONTRACTS,CHECKSANDDEPOSITS

Section 1. Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors and executed by an authorized person.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Director shall prior to Initial Close, as defined in Form 10-12O/A filed on December 28, 2023, incur any expenses or enter into any contract in the name and on the behalf of the Corporation, including operating expenses as outline in Exhibit 10.2 of the Forml0-12O filed on December 28, 2023 without a two-thirds majority vote of the shareholders.

Section 2. Checks and Drafts. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 3. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board of Directors may designate.

ARTICLEVII:STOCK

Section I. Certificates; Required Information. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in the manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. If a class or series of stock is authorized by the Board of Directors to be issued without certificates, no stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates representing any shares of such class or series of stock held by such stockholder unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors and then only upon written request by such stockholder to the secretary of the Corporation.

Section 2. Transfers. All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, by the holder of the shares, in person or by his or her attorney, in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates.

The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the charter of the Corporation and all of the terms and conditions contained therein.

Section 3. Replacement Certificate. Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated; provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation.

Section 4. Fixing of Record Date. The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken.

When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if adjourned or postponed, except if the meeting is adjourned or postponed to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting may be determined as set forth herein.

Section 5. Stock Ledger. The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder.

Section 6. Fractional Stock; Issuance of Units. The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may issue units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. Any security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Corporation, except that the Board of Directors may provide that for a specified period securities of the Corporation issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Corporation only in such unit.

Section 7. Exclusive Forum. To the fullest extent permitted by law, unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Corporation's charter or these Bylaws or the securities, antifraud, unfair trade practices or similar laws of any international, national, state, provincial, territorial, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a federal or state court located in the state of Delaware, provided that to the extent the appropriate court located in the state of Delaware determines that it does not have jurisdiction over such action, then the sole and exclusive forum shall be any federal or state court located in the state of Maryland. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 7 and to have irrevocably submitted to, and waived any objection to, the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such action or proceeding and consented to process being served in any such action or proceeding, without limitation, by United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder's address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid.

ARTICLEVIII:ACCOUNTINGYEAR

The Board of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution.

ARTICLEIX:DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 1. Authorization. Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the charter of the Corporation. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the charter.

Section 2. Contingencies. Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any asset of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.

ARTICLEX:SEAL

Section 1. Seal. The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words "Incorporated Maryland." The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof.

Section 2. Affixing Seal. Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word "(SEAL)" adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation.

ARTICLEXI:INDEMNIFICATIONANDADVANCEOFEXPENSES

To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and the Investment Company Act in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the charter of the Corporation and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. The indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise.

Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption.

No provision of this Article XI shall be effective to protect or purport to protect any director or officer of the Corporation against liability to the Corporation or its stockholders to which he or she would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office.

ARTICLEXII:WAIVEROFNOTICE

Whenever any notice is required to be given pursuant to the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLEXIII:INVESTMENTCOMPANYACT

If and to the extent that any provision of the MGCL, including, without limitation, Subtitle 6 and, if then applicable, Subtitle 7, of Title 3 of the MGCL, or any provision of the charter or these Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the Investment Company Act, the applicable provision of the Investment Company Act shall control.

ARTICLEXIV:AMENDMENTOFBYLAWS

The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power, at any time, to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any change of Article III, Article V, and this article ("Amendment of Bylaws") requires a three-quarters majority vote of the shareholders.

Exhibit 10.3: Dividend Reinvestment Plan, as of February 27, 2025

DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN

OF

X1 Capital, Inc.

Effective as of February 27, 2025

X1 Capital Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), hereby adopts the following plan (the Plan) with respect to cash dividend distributions declared by its Board of Directors on shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock).

1.If a stockholder elects to participate in the Plan, all cash dividend distributions hereafter declared by the Companys Board of Directors shall be reinvested by the Company in the Companys Common Stock on behalf of each stockholder, and no action shall be required on such stockholders part to receive such Common Stock. 

2.Such cash dividend distributions shall be payable on such date or dates (each, a Payment Date) as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors to stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date(s) established by the Board of Directors for the cash dividend distributions involved. 

3.Prior to the initial public offering of the Common Stock that may occur, the Company intends to use primarily newly issued shares of its Common Stock to implement the Plan. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to a stockholder that has elected to receive its dividends in stock in accordance with paragraph 4 below (each, a Participant) shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such Participant by the net asset value per share of the Companys Common Stock as of the valuation date fixed by the Board of Directors for such dividend (such date, the Valuation Date, and such net asset value, the Reference NAV). After an initial public offering of the Common Stock, if any, (i) if the Plan is implemented through the issuance of newly issued shares of the Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to a Participant shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such Participant by the market price per share of Common Stock on the relevant Valuation Date, or (ii) if the Plan is implemented through the purchase of existing shares of Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to a Participant shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such Participant by the average purchase price per share of Common Stock of all shares of Common Stock purchased with respect to that dividend or distribution. The number of shares to be issued to a Participant pursuant to this paragraph 3 shall be rounded downward to the nearest whole number to avoid the issuance of fractional shares, it being understood that any fractional share otherwise issuable to a Participant but for this proviso shall instead be paid to such Participant in cash as further provided in paragraph 5 below. 

4.A Participant may still elect to receive any portion of its cash dividend distributions in cash. To exercise this option or to withdraw from the Plan, the Participant shall notify the Company,in writing so that such notice is received by the Company no later than 10 days prior to the record date fixed by the Board of Directors for the first distribution such stockholder wishes to receive in cash. Such election shall remain in effect until the stockholder shall notify the Company in writing of such stockholders desire to change its election, which notice shall be delivered to the Company no later than 10 days prior to the record date fixed by the Board of Directors for the first distribution for which such stockholder wishes its new election to take effect. 

5.Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Plan in connection with any cash dividend shall be issued to each Participant (i) in the event that the applicable Reference NAV has been approved by the Companys Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) prior to the Payment Date of such cash dividend, on the Payment Date or (ii) otherwise, promptly upon the date such approval has been provided by the Companys Board of Directors. All shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Plan shall be issued in non-certificated form and shall be credited to such Participant on the books and records of the Company. Cash payable to a Participant in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to paragraph 3 shall be paid contemporaneously with the issuance of such shares in connection with such cash dividend. 

6.The Company will confirm to each Participant each issuance of shares made to such Participant pursuant to the Plan as soon as practicable following the date of such issuance. 

7.There will be no brokerage charges or other charges to stockholders who participate in the Plan. 

8.The Plan may be terminated by the Company upon majority vote of the Board of Directors. 

9.These terms and conditions may be amended or supplemented by the Company at any time. 

10.The Company will at all times act in good faith and use its best efforts within reasonable limits to ensure its full and timely performance of all services to be performed by it under this Plan and to comply with applicable law, but assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for loss or damage due to errors. 

11.These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, to the extent such principles would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 

Exhibit 10.7: Investment Management Agreement, dated February 27, 2025

INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT

This Investment Advisory Agreement (the Agreement) is made this February 27, 2025, by and between X1 Capital Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Growth Lending LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (the Adviser). Growth Lending LLC shall serve as the administrator (Administrator) per the administration agreement dated February 27, 2025 (Administration Agreement). The Agreement becomes effective upon an Initial Close as defined in the Form 10-12A dated December 28, 2023.

WHEREAS, the Company is a closed-end management investment fund that is regulated as a business development company (BDC) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act); and

WHEREAS, the Adviser is an investment adviser that is registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act); and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Adviser wishes to be retained to provide such services.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1)Duties of the Adviser.

a)The Company hereby retains the Adviser to act as the investment adviser to the Company and to manage the investment and reinvestment of the assets of the Company, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), for the period and upon the terms herein set forth, 

i)in accordance with the investment objective, policies and restrictions that are set forth in the Companys SEC filings; (ii) in accordance with all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Companys charter and bylaws as the same shall be amended from time to time; and (iii) in accordance with the Investment Company Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Adviser shall, during the term and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, 

ii)determine the composition of the portfolio of the Company, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; 

(1)identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments made by the Company; 

(2)execute, close and monitor the Companys investments; 

(3)determine the securities and other assets that the Company will purchase, retain, or sell; 

(4)perform due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and 

iii)provide the Company with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. Subject to the supervision of the Board, the Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Company to effectuate its investment decisions for the Company, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Companys investments and the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Company. In the event that the Company determines to acquire debt financing, the Adviser will arrange for such financing on the Companys behalf, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board. If it is necessary for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Company through a special purpose vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such special purpose vehicle and to make such investments through such special purpose vehicle (in accordance with the Investment Company Act). 

b)The Adviser hereby accepts such employment and agrees during the term hereof to render the services described herein for the compensation provided herein. 

c)The Adviser shall for all purposes herein provided be deemed to be an independent contractor and, except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company. 

d)The Adviser shall keep and preserve for the period required by the Investment Company Act any books and records relevant to the provision of its investment advisory services to the Company and shall specifically maintain all books and records in accordance with Section 31(a) of the Investment Company Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, with respect to the Companys portfolio transactions and shall render to the Board such periodic and special reports as the Board may reasonably request. The Adviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Company are the property of the Company and will surrender promptly to the Company any such records upon the Companys request, provided that the Adviser may retain a copy of such records. 

2)Companys Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Company.

All investment professionals of the Adviser and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services hereunder, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by the Company. The Company will bear all other costs and expenses of its operations, administration and transactions, including (without limitation) those relating to: organization and offering; calculating the Companys net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); expenses incurred by the Adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in providing administrative services, monitoring the Companys investments and performing due diligence on its prospective portfolio companies; interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance the Companys investments; sales and purchases of the Companys common stock and other securities; investment advisory and management fees; administration fees, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement; fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; transfer agent and custodial fees; federal and state registration fees; all costs of registration and listing the Companys securities on any securities exchange; federal, state and local taxes; fees and expenses of directors who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party (the Independent Directors); costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; the Companys allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by the Company or the Administrator in connection with administering the Companys business, including payments under the Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator, based upon the Companys allocable portion of the Administrators overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Companys chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs.

3)Compensation of the Adviser.

The Company agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the Adviser hereunder, a base management fee (Base Management Fee) and an incentive fee (Incentive Fee) as hereinafter set forth. The cost of both the Base Management Fee and the Incentive Fee will ultimately be borne by the Companys common stockholders. The Company shall make any payments due hereunder to the Adviser or to the Advisers designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct.

a)The Base Management Fee shall be payable at the beginning of each calendar quarter and calculated at an annual rate of 2% of the Capital Commitments as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. For purposes of this Agreement, Capital Commitments shall mean the aggregate amount of capital include equity and debt committed to the Company by investors as of the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter. For Capital Commitment in excess $100M, the Base Management Fee shall drop to 1.5%. The Base Management Fee shall be appropriately prorated for any partial month or quarter. 

b)The Incentive Fee shall consist as follows 

i)The Income Incentive Fee shall be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. Payments based on Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income will be based on the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income earned for the quarter. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued by the Company during the fiscal quarter, minus the Companys operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee); provided however, that Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income shall be reduced by multiplying the Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income earned for the quarter by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Companys total assets minus average daily borrowings for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, and the denominator of which is the Companys total assets for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay in kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income the Company has not yet received in cash; provided, however, that the portion of the Incentive Fee attributable to deferred interest features shall be paid, only if and to the extent received in cash, and any accrual thereof shall be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed in connection with any write off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual, applied in each case in the order such interest was accrued. Such subsequent payments in respect of previously accrued income shall not reduce the amounts payable for any quarter pursuant to this Section 3(b)(i). Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 

ii)Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Companys net assets (defined as total assets less liabilities) at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of 10% annualized (2.5% per quarter) (Hurdle Rate). The Company shall pay the Adviser an Incentive Fee with respect to the Companys Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: (1) no Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Companys Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate; (2) 50% of the Companys Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in excess of the Hurdle Rate shall be allocated to the Income Incentive Fee until the Income Incentive Fee reaches 20% of the Companys Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income; (3) thereafter, the Income Incentive Fee shall be 20% of any additional Companys Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income;. 

iii)50% of the Income Incentive Fee shall be withheld by the Company until completion of the annual audit (Withhold). If the Company fails to achieve the Hurdle Rate any given quarter, the Company has the right to adjust the Withhold by offsetting the underperformance against performance in any other period such that the Company is not overpaying for the Income Incentive Fee compared to the Hurdle Rate. However, such a claw back only applies to that specific fiscal year and only to the Withhold. 

iv)The second part of the Incentive Fee (the Capital Gains Fee) shall be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of this Agreement as set forth below), commencing with the calendar year ending December 31 of the date of this Agreement, and will equal 20% of the Companys aggregate cumulative realized capital gains net of aggregate cumulative realized losses within the calendar year. For purposes of this calculation, unrealized aggregate gains and unrealized aggregate losses shall not be included in this calculation. The Capital Gains Fee is not subject to any minimum return to stockholders. If such amount is negative, then no Capital Gains Fee will be payable for such year. In the event that this Agreement shall terminate as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date shall be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. 

4)Covenants of the Adviser.

The Adviser covenants that it will remain registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act so long as the Company maintains its election to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act. The Adviser agrees that its activities will at all times be in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws governing its operations and investments.

5)Limitations on the Employment of the Adviser.

The services of the Adviser to the Company are not exclusive, and the Adviser may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment based accounts or commingled pools of capital, however structured, having investment objectives similar to those of the Company, so long as its services to the Company hereunder are not impaired thereby, and nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser to engage in any other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to receive any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more of the Companys portfolio companies, subject to applicable law). So long as this Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment remains in effect, the Adviser shall be the only investment adviser for the Company, subject to the Advisers right to enter into sub-advisory agreements. The Adviser assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called for hereunder. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and stockholders of the Company are or may become interested in the Adviser and its affiliates, as directors, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members, managers or otherwise, and that the Adviser and directors, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members and managers of the Adviser and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as stockholders or otherwise.

6)Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees.

If any person who is a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator is or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the Company and acts as such in any business of the Company, then such manager, partner, officer and/or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Company, and not as a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or under the control or direction of the Adviser or the Administrator, even if paid by the Adviser or the Administrator.

7)Limitation of Liability of the Adviser; Indemnification. 

The Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its sole member) shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Adviser in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company (except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services), and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its members and the Administrator, each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Advisers duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Section 7 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Advisers duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Advisers duties and obligations under this Agreement (as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder).

8)Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of the Agreement.

a)This Agreement shall become effective as of the first date above written. The provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as set forth in this Section 8, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 3 through the date of termination or expiration and Section 7 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 

b)The Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, and (B) the affirmative vote of a majority of the Companys Independent Directors, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 

c)This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon not more than 60 days written notice, by: (i) the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, (ii) the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, or (iii) the Adviser. 

d)This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the Investment Company Act). 

e)The provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 3 through the date of termination or expiration and Section 7 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 

9)Notices.

Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office.

10)Amendments.

This Agreement may be amended by mutual consent, but the consent of the Company must be obtained in conformity with the requirements of the Investment Company Act.

11)Entire Agreement; Governing Law.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. To the extent the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control.

12)Miscellaneous.

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. This Agreement shall be binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors.

13)Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts by the parties hereto, each of which shall constitute an original counterpart, and all of which, together, shall constitute one Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date listed above.

X1 Capital Inc.

By:

/s/James Hickey

Name: James Hickey

Title: CEO

Growth Lending LLC

By:

/s/Ladislas Mysyrowicz

Name: Ladislas Mysyrowicz

Title: CEO

Exhibit 10.8: Administration Agreement, dated February 27, 2025

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

This Administration Agreement (Agreement) is made as of February 27, 2025, by and between X1 Capital Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Growth Lending LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (the Administrator). Growth Lending LLC is also serving as the adviser (Advisor), per the Investment Management Agreement dated February 27, 2025 (IMA). The Agreement becomes effective upon an Initial Close as defined in the Form 10-12A dated December 28, 2023.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company is a closed-end management investment fund that is regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act); and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Administrator to provide administrative services to he Company in the manner and on the terms hereinafter set forth; and

WHEREAS, the Administrator is willing to provide administrative services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Administrator hereby agree as follows:

1.Duties of the Administrator

(a)Employment of Administrator. The Company hereby employs the Administrator to act as administrator of the Company, and to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below, subject to review by and the overall control of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts such employment and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services and to assume the obligations herein set forth subject to the reimbursement of costs and expenses provided for below. The Administrator and such others shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be independent contractors and shall, unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed agents of the Company. 

(b)Services. The Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for the operation of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall provide the Company with office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services at such facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator shall also, on behalf of the Company, conduct relations with custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator shall make reports to the Board of its performance of obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Company as it shall determine to be desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the securities and other assets that the Company should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to the Company. The Administrator shall be responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain, and under the Investment Company Act, shall prepare, print and disseminate reports to stockholders, and reports and other materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). The Administrator will provide on the Companys behalf significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Company in determining and publishing the Companys net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of the Companys tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to the Companys stockholders, and generally overseeing the payment of the Companys expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. 

2.Records

The Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Company that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder and will maintain and keep such books, accounts and records in accordance with the Investment Company Act. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the Investment Company Act, the Administrator agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company shall at all times remain the property of the Company, shall be readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of the Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company pursuant to Rule 31a-1 under the Investment Company Act will be preserved for the periods prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the Investment Company Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided above. Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.

3.Confidentiality

The parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including nonpublic personal information (regulated pursuant to Regulation S-P and S-AM), shall be used by any other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise by applicable law or regulation.

4.Compensation; Allocation of Costs and Expenses

In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Administrator, the Company shall reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities hereunder. The amount and nature of such reimbursements shall be presented for review, on not less than a quarterly basis, to the members of the audit committee of the Board, or in lieu thereof, to a committee of the Board, all of the members of which are not interested persons of the Company, as such term is defined under the Investment Company Act. The Company will bear all costs and expenses that are incurred in its operation, administration and transactions and not specifically assumed by Adviser per the IMA. Costs and expenses to be borne by the Company include, but are not limited to, those relating to: organization and offering; calculating the Companys net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); expenses incurred by the Adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in providing administrative services, monitoring the Companys investments and performing due diligence on its prospective portfolio companies; interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance the Companys investments; sales and purchases of the Companys common stock and other securities; investment advisory and management fees; administration fees, if any, payable under this Agreement; fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; transfer agent and custodial fees; federal and state registration fees; all costs of registration and listing the Companys securities on any securities exchange; federal, state and local taxes; fees and expenses of directors who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party (the Independent Directors); costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or other regulators; costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; the Companys allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by the Company or the Administrator in connection with administering the Companys business, including payments under this Agreement based upon the Companys allocable portion of the Administrators overhead in performing its obligations under the Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Companys chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs.

5.Limitation of Liability of the Administrator; Indemnification

The Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation its managing member, the Adviser to the extent that they are providing services for or otherwise acting on behalf of the Administrator, Adviser or the Company) shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company, and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation the Adviser, each of whom shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Administrators duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Section 5 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Administrators duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Administrators duties and obligations under this Agreement (to the extent applicable, as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder).

6.Activities of the Administrator

The services of the Administrator to the Company are not to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each affiliate is free to render services to others. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and stockholders of the Company are or may become interested in the Administrator and its affiliates, as directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, stockholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners and stockholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as stockholders or otherwise.

7.Duration and Termination of this Agreement

(a)This Agreement shall become effective as of the first date above written. The provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Administrator and its representatives, as and to the extent applicable, shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination or expiration of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Administrator shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 4 through the date of termination or expiration. This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by: 

(i)the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company; and 

(ii)the affirmative vote of a majority of the Companys Independent Directors, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 

(b)The Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon not more than 60 days written notice, by: (i) the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, (ii) the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, or (iii) the Administrator. 

(c)This Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party. The provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Administrator shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. 

8.Amendments of this Agreement

This Agreement may be amended pursuant to a written instrument by mutual consent of the parties.

9.Governing Law

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. To the extent the applicable laws of the State of Delaware, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control.

10.Entire Agreement

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof.

11.Notices

Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written.

X1 Capital Inc.

By:

/s/James Hickey

Name: James Hickey

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Growth Lending LLC

By:

/s/Ladislas Mysyrowicz

Name: Ladislas Mysyrowicz

Title: Managing Member
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>