<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-010800.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-010800.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318165523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-010800
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOBIVITY HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001447380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				263439095
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53851
		FILM NUMBER:		25749210

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3133 WEST FRYE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 215
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-282-7660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3133 WEST FRYE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 215
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMERCETEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARES VENTURES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081008
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000144738000014473802025-03-172025-03-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
17, 2025

Mobivity
Holdings Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-53851 26-3439095

(State
or other jurisdiction of (Commission (IRS
Employer

incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

3133
West Frye Road, #
215

Chandler,
Arizona85226

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(877)282-7660

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

None None None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 17, 2025, Mobivity Holdings Corp. (the Company) entered into a convertible promissory note purchase agreement (the
Agreement) with four accredited investors, including Thomas B. Akin, a member of the Companys Board of Directors (Board),
and Bruce E. Terker, an owner of 5% or more of the outstanding shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value (Common
Stock), who each participated on the same terms as the other accredited investors (collectively, the Investors).
Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company received $2.0 million in proceeds and issued unsecured convertible promissory notes (each a Convertible
Note and collectively, the Convertible Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Convertible
Notes were issued as part of a convertible note offering authorized by the Companys board of directors (the Offering)
to raise up to $3.0 million from the issuance of Convertible Notes. Messrs. Akin and Terker invested $75,000 and $1.5 million, respectively,
in the Offering. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes to continue to ramp up growth of Connected
Rewards and for working capital for general corporate purposes.

The
Convertible Notes have a stated maturity date of December 30, 2027, bear interest at a simple rate equal to 15% per annum until conversion,
and automatically convert into the same equity securities issued for cash in the Qualified Financing, or at the option of the Investors,
into the same equity securities issued for cash in a Corporate Transaction, each as described below. Interest on the Convertible Notes
will be accreted and added to the unpaid principal balance prior to conversion.

The
Convertible Notes will convert into the same equity securities offered in the Qualified Financing (Conversion Shares),
as described below, at a conversion price equal to the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock quoted on the OTCQB Venture
Market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. over the 90 trading days immediately preceding such date (the Conversion Price).
Under the Convertible Note, a Qualified Financing means the first transaction or series of related transactions in which
the Company (i) sells any of its equity securities, (ii) receives a cash infusion related to the negotiation of, or entering into, a
strategic partnership, (iii) on or before the maturity of the Convertible Notes and (iv) with gross proceeds to the Company of at least
$ $4,500,000 (excluding the amount attributable to the conversion of the Convertible Notes).

In
addition, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, as described below, the Investor may elect either (i) a cash payment equal to the
outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the Convertible Notes or (ii) convert the Convertible Notes into shares of
the Companys Common Stock at the Conversion Price. A Corporate Transaction means: (1) the closing of the sale, transfer
or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets;
(2) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity, subject to certain customary exceptions;
or (3) the closing of the transfer (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), in a single transaction or series of related transactions,
to a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) of the Companys capital stock if, after such closing, such person or group
would become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the outstanding
voting securities of the Company (or the surviving or acquiring entity).

The
issuance and sale of the Convertible Notes and Conversion Shares (collectively, the Securities) has not been, and will
not upon issuance be, registered under the Securities Act, and the Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration under or exemption from the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Securities were issued and sold
in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act, based on the following facts: each of the Investors has represented that it is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act, that it is acquiring the Securities for investment only and not with a view towards,
or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws and that it has
sufficient investment experience to evaluate the risks of the investment; the Company used no advertising or general solicitation in
connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities to the Investors; and, the Securities will be issued as restricted securities.

The
Company did not engage any underwriter or placement agent in connection with the Convertible Notes Offering.

The
preceding description of the Agreement and Convertible Notes is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copies of the forms of
Agreement and Convertible Note filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit
10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
disclosure in Item 1.01 above is incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference.

Item
3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure in Item 1.01 above is incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

EXHIBIT
INDEX

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Form of Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Convertible Promissory Note

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Mobivity
Holdings Corp.

Date:
March 18, 2025 By: /s/
Skye Fossey-Tomaske

Skye
Fossey-Tomaske

Interim
Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Execution
Version

CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January [], 2025 is made by
and among Mobivity Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the investors listed on Schedule I
hereto (collectively, the Investors).

Recitals

A.
The Company and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemptions from securities registration
afforded by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 under Regulation D.

B.
The Company desires to sell to each Investor, and each Investor desires to purchase from the Company a Convertible Note in an original
principal amount equal to the amount set forth on the Schedule I attached hereto, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES

Section
1.01 Purchase and Sale of Convertible Notes. The Company agrees to issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor agrees
to purchase from the Company, the Convertible Note for the aggregate purchase price set forth across from their respective name on Schedule
I (the Purchase Price). Each Investor will deliver or will cause to be delivered to the Company at or prior
to the Closing the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Companys bank account, or such other
means as the Investors and Company agree.

Section
1.02 Delivery of Convertible Notes. Promptly on or after the Closing Date, the Company will deliver or cause the delivery
to each Investor a duly executed Convertible Note in substantially the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.

Section
1.03 Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in herein, the Closing will take place
at 3:01 p.m., Pacific Time, on January [], 2025, or at another date or time agreed upon by the parties to this Agreement (the
Closing Date). The Closing will occur remotely by exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts)
on the Closing Date, or at such other time, date or place as the parties mutually agree.

ARTICLE
II.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTORS

Each
Investor represents and warrants to the Company, severally and solely with respect to itself and its purchase hereunder and not with
respect to any other Investor, that:

Section
2.01 Organization and Qualification. To the extent the Investor is an entity, the Investor is duly incorporated, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the state of organization, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease,
use and operate its properties, if any, and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. To
the extent the Investor is an entity, the Investor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in
which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in
good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Investor.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 1

Section
2.02 Authorization; Enforcement. To the extent the Investor is an entity, (a) the Investor has all requisite corporate power
and authority to enter into and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and its Convertible Note, to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and to purchase the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; (b) the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the Investors Convertible Note by the Investor and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all required parties and no further consent or authorization of Investor,
its board of directors or its shareholders or members is required; (c) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor;
and (d) assuming the valid and binding execution of this Agreement and the Convertible Notes by the Company and compliance with the terms
of this Agreement and the Convertible Notes by the Company, each of this Agreement and the Investors Convertible Note(s) constitutes
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against the Investor by the Company in accordance with their respective
terms, except as may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or moratorium or similar laws affecting the
rights of creditors generally and the application of general principles of equity. To the extent the Investor is a natural person, this
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Investor and is a valid and binding agreement
of the Investor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the application of general principles of equity.

Section
2.03 Investment Purpose. The Investor is purchasing the Convertible Note(s) for its own account and not with a present view
toward the public sale or distribution thereof.

Section
2.04 Limited Markets. The Investor understands that no public trading market now exists for the Convertible Notes and no active
trading market exists for the Convertible Notes, and that the Company has made no assurances that any such markets will ever exist or
develop.

Section
2.05 Accredited Investor Status. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D and satisfies the criteria indicated on the signature page hereto.

Section
2.06 Reliance on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Convertible Notes are being offered and sold to it in reliance
upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is
relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments
and understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of
the Investor to acquire the Convertible Notes.

Section
2.07 Information and Sophistication. The Investor and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating
to the business, finances and operations of the Company, and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Convertible Notes, that
have been requested by the Investor or its advisors, if any. The Investor and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity
to ask questions of the Company. The Investor acknowledges and understands that its investment in the Convertible Notes involves a significant
degree of risk, including the risks reflected in the Companys Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as the same
may be amended or supplemented from time to time, by the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC Documents. The
Investor is experienced and knowledgeable in financial and business matters, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investing
in the Securities, and does not need or desire the assistance of a knowledgeable representative to aid in the evaluation of such risks
who the Investor intends to use in connection with a decision as to whether to purchase the Securities.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 2

Section
2.08 Governmental Review. The Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or
governmental agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or an investment therein.

Section
2.09 Transfer or Resale. The Investor understands that:

(a)
the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and, consequently,
the Investor may have to bear the risk of owning the Securities for an indefinite period of time because the Securities may not be offered,
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (i) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable state securities laws
and the securities laws from other jurisdictions and in case of a transaction exempt from registration, unless the Company has received
an opinion of counsel satisfactory to it that such transaction does not require registration under the Securities Act and such other
applicable laws;

(b)
any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and, if Rule 144 is
not applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may
be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with another exemption under the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and

(c)
neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder.

Section
2.10 Legends. The Investor understands that until (a) the Securities may be sold by the Investor under Rule 144 or (b) such
time as the resale of the Securities has been registered under the Securities Act, the certificates representing the Securities will
bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates
for such Securities):

THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY, AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
(2) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS AND THE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS
RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH
OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS.

Section
2.11 Residency. The Investor is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth immediately below such Investors name on the
signature pages hereto.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 3

Section
2.12 No Broker Fees. The Investor has not engaged any brokers, finders, or agents, and the Investor has not incurred, and
will not incur, directly or indirectly, as a result of any action taken by the Investor, any liability for brokerage or finders
fees or agents commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The
Company represents and warrants to the Investors that:

Section
3.01 Organization and Qualification. The Company is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Nevada, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties, if any, and
to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business and
is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except
where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3.02 Authorization; Enforcement.

(a)
The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the
Convertible Notes, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Convertible Notes in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof.

(b)
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Convertible Notes by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation the issuance of the Convertible Notes and the issuance and
reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares in accordance with the Companys Articles of Incorporation, this Agreement and
the Convertible Notes) have been duly authorized by the Companys board of directors and no further consent or authorization of
the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders is required.

(c)
This Agreement and the Convertible Notes have been duly executed and delivered by the Company.

(d)
Assuming the valid and binding execution of this Agreement by the Investor and compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Convertible
Notes by such Investor, each of this Agreement and the Convertible Notes constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company by such Investor in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the application
of general principles of equity.

Section
3.03 Issuance of the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes have been duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens, claims, encumbrances
and charges with respect to the issuance thereof (other than liens imposed by an Investor). Once the Company amends its Articles of Incorporation
in accordance with Section 4.03 hereto, the Conversion Shares will be duly authorized and reserved for issuance, and, upon issuance in
connection with or upon conversion of the Convertible Notes in accordance with the terms thereof, will be validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances and charges with respect to the issuance thereof (other than
liens imposed by an Investor).

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 4

Section
3.04 No Conflicts; No Violation.

(a)
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Convertible Notes by the Company, and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the
Convertible Notes and Conversion Shares) do not and will not (i) once the Company amends its Articles of Incorporation in accordance
with Section 4.03 hereto, conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Companys Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws, (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice
or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment (including without limitation,
the triggering of any anti-dilution provision), acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the
Company is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including U.S. federal and
state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are
subject) applicable to the Company or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected (except, in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), for such conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect).

(b)
The Company is not in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company in default)
under, and the Company has not taken any action or failed to take any action that (and no event has occurred which, without notice or
lapse of time or both) would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement or instrument
to which the Company is a party relating to indebtedness for borrowed money, except for possible defaults as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3.05 SEC Documents. Since January 1, 2024, the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing filed
prior to the date hereof being referred to herein as the SEC Documents). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as the case may be, and the rules
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were
filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, other
than SEC Documents that have been amended as of the date hereof.

Section
3.06 Broker Fees. The Company has not engaged any brokers, finders, or agents, and the Company has not incurred, and neither
the Company nor any Investor will incur, directly or indirectly, as a result of any action taken by the Company, any other liability
for brokerage or finders fees or agents commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement.

ARTICLE
IV.

COVENANTS

Section
4.01 Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes for general working capital
and corporate purposes.

Section
4.02 Expenses. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, each party will pay its own fees and expenses, as well as the
fees and expenses of its own advisors and consultants, in connection with the entry into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 5

Section
4.03 Reservation of Shares. After Closing, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain shareholder
approval of and amend its Articles of Incorporation to authorize and reserve a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide
for the full conversion of the outstanding Convertible Notes and issuance of the Conversion Shares in connection therewith (based on
the conversion price of the Convertible Notes in effect from time to time).

ARTICLE
V.

DEFAULT

Section
5.01 Events of Default. Each of the following events will be an event of default (an Event of Default)
for purposes of this Agreement:

(a)
if default is made in the punctual payment of interest on the Convertible Notes as provided in the Convertible Notes, and such default
has continued for a period of ten days after written notice thereof to the Company by the holder of any of the Convertible Notes; or

(b)
if default is made in the punctual payment of any installment of the principal of the Convertible Notes and such default has continued
for a period of five days after written notice thereof to the Company by the holder of any of the Convertible Notes; or

(c)
If a trustee, receiver, conservator or other similar official is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of the Companys
assets and the order of such appointment is not discharged, vacated or stayed within 60 days after such appointment; or

(d)
if any judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or of any similar process in an amount in excess of $10,000,000 is entered or filed against
the Company or against any of the property or assets of the Company and remains unpaid, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period
of 60 days; or

(e)
if an order for relief is entered in any Federal bankruptcy proceeding in which the Company is the debtor; or if bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy or similar law or laws for
the relief of debtors, are instituted by or against the Company and, if instituted against the Company, are consented to or, if contested
by the Company, are not dismissed by the adverse parties or by an order, decree or judgment within 60 days after such institution; or

(f)
if default is made in the due and punctual performance or observance of any other material term contained in this Agreement, the Convertible
Notes or other material outstanding indebtedness of the Company, and such default has continued for a period of 30 days after the earlier
of the Companys knowledge thereof or written notice thereof to the Company by the holder of any Convertible Note or such indebtedness.

Section
5.02 Remedies Upon Events of Default. For so long as any Convertible Note remains outstanding, upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default as herein defined, and so long as such Event of Default continues unremedied, then, each holder of any Convertible Notes will
be entitled by notice to declare the principal of and any accrued interest on the Convertible Notes, to be immediately due and payable,
and thereupon the Convertible Notes, including both outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest will become immediately due
and payable; provided, however, that when any Event of Default described in Section 5.01(e) hereof has occurred, the Convertible Notes
will immediately become due and payable without presentment, demand or notice of any kind.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 6

Section
5.03 Notice of Defaults. When, to its knowledge, any Event of Default has occurred or exists, the Company agrees to give written
notice within ten business days of such Event of Default to the holders of all outstanding Securities. If the holder of any Securities
will give any notice or take any other actions in respect of a claimed Event of Default, the Company will forthwith give written notice
thereof to all other holders of Securities at the time outstanding, describing such notice or action and the nature of the claimed Event
of Default.

Section
5.04 Remedies Cumulative. No right, power or remedy conferred upon any holder of Securities will be exclusive, and each such
right, power or remedy will be cumulative and in addition to every other right, power or remedy, whether conferred hereby or by any such
security or now or hereafter available at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise.

Section
5.05 Remedies not Waived. No course of dealing between the Company and any Investor or the holder of any Securities, and no
delay in exercising any right, power or remedy conferred hereby or by any such security or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity
or by statute or otherwise, will operate as a waiver of or otherwise prejudice any such right, power or remedy; provided, however, that
this Section 5.05 will not be construed or applied so as to negate the provisions and intent of any statute that is otherwise applicable.

ARTICLE
VI.

DEFINITIONS;
CONSTRUCTION

Section
6.01 Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this agreement have the following meanings:

(a)
Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(b)
Business day shall mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of Arizona are authorized or required by law or other governmental
action to close.

(c)
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Convertible Notes under this Agreement.

(d)
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

(e)
Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes.

(f)
Convertible Note means the means the Convertible Promissory Notes issuable pursuant to this Agreement, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(g)
Common Stock means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

(h)
Company means Mobivity Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation.

(i)
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or
any similar successor statute.

(j)
Investors means the investors whose names are set forth on Schedule I attached to this Agreement, and their
permitted transferees.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 7

(k)
Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the assets, liabilities, business, properties, financial
condition or results of operations of the Company, (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or
(c) the Convertible Notes.

(l)
Registrable Securities means the Conversion Shares and any shares of capital stock issued or issuable from time
to time (with any adjustments) in exchange for or otherwise with respect to the Convertible Notes.

(m)
Regulation D means Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act.

(n)
Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, or any successor rule.

(o)
Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, or any successor rule, and applicable rules and regulations
thereunder.

(p)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(q)
SEC Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 3.05.

(r)
Securities means the Convertible Notes, and all notes of the Company issued in exchange or substitution therefor,
and the Conversion Shares.

(s)
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar
successor statute.

ARTICLE
VII.

GOVERNING
LAW; MISCELLANEOUS

Section
7.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State
of Arizona without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States federal and state courts sitting in the city of Phoenix, Arizona with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement,
the agreements entered into in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. The parties also agree that any
disputes arising under this Agreement, will be exclusively venued in the United States federal and state courts located in the city of
Phoenix, Arizona, except for actions or proceedings regarding the enforcement of awards or judgments.

Section
7.02 Counterparts; Signatures by Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which are considered
one and the same agreement and will become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other parties.
This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other parties hereto by facsimile transmission of a copy of this Agreement
bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

Section
7.03 Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and do
not affect its interpretation.

Section
7.04 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law, then such provision will be deemed modified in order to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof that may
prove invalid or unenforceable under any law will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 8

Section
7.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Convertible Notes constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set
forth or referred to herein or therein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

Section
7.06 Consents; Waivers and Amendments. The provisions of this Agreement may only be amended, modified, supplemented or waived
upon the prior written consent of the Company and the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein, in each case in which approval or action of the Investors is required by the terms of this Agreement, such requirement
will be satisfied upon receipt of the written consent of the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities, which consent will
bind the holders of all of the outstanding Convertible Notes and Registrable Securities; provided, however, that no change or modification
to the conversion price (other than in accordance with the adjustment provisions set forth herein and in the Convertible Notes) will
be effective as to a holder of Convertible Notes without the prior written consent of such holder.

Section
7.07 Notices. Any notices required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be sent by certified or
registered mail (return receipt requested) or delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery service)
or by email and will be effective five days after being placed in the mail, if mailed by regular U.S. mail, or upon receipt, if delivered
personally, by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery service) or by email, in each case addressed to a party. The addresses
for such communications are:

If
to the Company, then to:

Mobivity
Holdings Corp.

3133
West Frye Road, #215

Chandler,
Arizona 85226

Attention:
Bryce Daniels, President; Skye Fossey-Tomaske, Chief Financial Officer

Email:
bryce.daniels@mobivity.com; skye.fosseytomaske@mobvity.com

If
to an Investor: To the address set forth immediately below such Investors name on the signature pages hereto.

Each
party will provide written notice to the other parties of any change in its address.

Section
7.08 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. The Company may assign this Agreement at any time in connection with a sale or acquisition
of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or similar transaction,
without the consent of the Investors; provided, that the successor or acquirer agrees in writing to assume all of the Companys
rights and obligations under this Agreement.

Section
7.09 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

Section
7.10 Survival. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Investors
contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement will survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the closings under this
Agreement and will in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of the
Investors or the Company.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 9

Section
7.11 Further Assurances. Each party will do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and will execute and deliver all other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as another party may reasonably request in
order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
7.12 No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement is deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section
7.13 Equitable Relief. Each party recognizes that, if it fails to perform or discharge any of its obligations under this Agreement,
any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the other parties. Each of the parties therefore agrees that the other parties
are entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages.

Section
7.14 Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Investor under either its Convertible
Note or this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor will be responsible in any
way for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor under a Convertible Note or this Agreement. Nothing contained herein
or in any Convertible Note or this Agreement, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto, will be deemed to constitute the
Investors as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are
in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each
Investor will be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this
Agreement, and it will not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
Each Investor has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in their review and negotiation of their Convertible Note or this
Agreement. The Company has elected to provide all Investors with the same terms for the convenience of the Company and not because it
was required or requested to do so by the Investors.

Section
7.15 Trusts and Other Entity Investors. To the extent any holder of Securities is a trust or other entity, the trustee or
officers, directors, employees, partners, members or other control persons of such trust or entity will be bound by the terms of this
Agreement as it relates to the Securities held by such trust or other entity. Each Investor agrees that it will cause such persons to
execute and deliver to the Company an acknowledgement of the obligations set forth in this Agreement to the extent reasonably requested
by the Company.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page 10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

Company:

Mobivity Holdings Corp.

By: 

Name: Bryce
Daniels

Title: President

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Signature Page

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

Investor (Natural Person(s)):

Signature(s): 

Name(s): 

Address: 

Email: 

Fax: 

U.S.
Taxpayer ID(s): ________________________________

Mark
all that are applicable:

Investor
is an individual with a net worth, or a joint net worth together with his or her spouse,
in excess of $1,000,000. 

Investor
is an individual that had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the prior
two years and reasonably expects an income in excess of $200,000 in the current year or an
individual that had with his/her spouse joint income in excess of $300,000 in each of the
prior two years and reasonably expects joint income in excess of $300,000 in the current
year.

Investor
is a director or executive officer of the Company.

UNITED
STATES TAXABLE INVESTORS ONLY

Under
penalty of perjury, by signature above, each Investor signatory certifies that (a) the Social Security Number(s) or Taxpayer ID Number(s)
shown above are the true, correct and complete Social Security Number(s) or Taxpayer ID Number(s) for the Investor and (b) the Investor
is not subject to backup withholding because: (i) Investor is exempt from backup withholding; (ii) Investor has not been notified by
the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) that Investor is subject to backup withholding; or (iii) the IRS has notified Investor
that Investor is no longer subject to backup withholding.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Signature Page

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

Investor (Entity Name):

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email: 

Fax: 

U.S.
Taxpayer ID(s): ________________________________

Mark
all that are applicable:

Investor
is an entity all of whose members are either (a) individuals with a net worth, or a joint
net worth together with the individuals spouse, in excess of $1,000,000, (b) individuals
that had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the prior two years and reasonably
expect an income in excess of $200,000 in the current year or (c) individuals that had with
the individuals spouse joint income in excess of $300,000 in each of the prior two
years and reasonably expect joint income in excess of $300,000 in the current year.

Investor
is a private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of
1940, a business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940 or a Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration
under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.

Investor
has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring
the securities and is one or more of the following (check one or more, as appropriate):

an
organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code;

a
corporation;

a
Massachusetts or similar business trust; or

a
partnership.

Investor
is a trust with total assets exceeding $5,000,000 that was not formed for the specific purpose
of acquiring securities and whose purchase is directed by a person who has such knowledge
and experience in financial and business matters that he is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of the investment in the securities.

UNITED
STATES TAXABLE INVESTORS ONLY

Under
penalty of perjury, by signature above, each Investor signatory certifies that (a) the Taxpayer ID Number(s) shown above are the true,
correct and complete Taxpayer ID Number(s) for the Investor and (b) the Investor is not subject to backup withholding because: (i) Investor
is exempt from backup withholding; (ii) Investor has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) that Investor
is subject to backup withholding; or (iii) the IRS has notified Investor that Investor is no longer subject to backup withholding.

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Signature Page

Schedule
of Investors

Investor Name Aggregate Purchase Price Principal Amount of Note Issued at Closing 

Date of Initial 

Note Issue 

TOTAL 

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Signature Page

Exhibit
A

to
Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement

Form
of Convertible Note

(attached)

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement Page A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2)
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS AND THE SECURITIES LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND IN THE CASE OF A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS
RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH
OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS.

Mobivity
Holdings Corp.

Senior
Secured Convertible Promissory Note

$[] January [], 2025

For
value received, Mobivity Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), promises to pay to the order of [] (the
Investor), at such place as the Investor may from time to time in writing designate to the Company, the principal
sum of $[], together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon as set forth below.

1. Loan
Agreement. This Convertible Promissory Note (this Note) is one of several promissory notes (the Notes)
issued by the Company pursuant to that certain Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and the investors party
thereto dated as of January [], 2025 (the Agreement). All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
having the meaning set forth in the Agreement. By acceptance of this Note, Investor expressly agrees, for the benefit of the present
and future holders of such indebtedness, to be bound by the provisions of this Note and the Agreement.

2. Payment
Terms; Maturity. Simple interest on the unpaid principal balance of this Note will accrue at the rate of 15.0% per annum.
Accrual of interest will commence on the date of this Note, will continue until this Note is fully paid, and will be payable quarterly
in Common Stock based on the VWAP, provided, however, that the Company has amended its Articles of Incorporation in accordance with Section
4.03 of the Agreement. If the Articles of Incorporation have not been amended, pursuant to Section 4.03 of the Agreement, at any time
when the quarterly interest payments are due, no Common Stock shall be payable and all interest shall accrue until the next quarterly
period. The interest rate will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a 365-day year. If not sooner converted
as provided below, the entire unpaid principal balance, together with all accrued but unpaid interest, will be due and payable in cash
on December 30, 2027 (the Maturity Date). The Maturity Date of this Note and all of the other Notes may be extended
by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Notes (the Majority Investors). All
payments of interest and principal will be made in lawful money of the United States of America and will be made pro rata among all investors
under the Agreement, without any deduction by way of set-off, counterclaim, or otherwise. All payments will be applied first to interest
and thereafter to principal. All payments will be made to the Investor at its address set forth in the Agreement or at such other address
as is provided in writing to the Company.

3. Ranking.
The payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and all interest hereon shall be pari passu
in right of payment and in all other respects to the convertible notes of the Company issued pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated
Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2022 by and between the Company and Thomas B. Akin, as may be amended from time to
time.

Convertible Promissory Note Page 1

4. Repayment.
All amounts due under this Note may be repaid or prepaid by the Company in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium, at
the option of the Company. However, the Company will give the Investor five days prior written notice of any such payment and,
at the time of payment, the Company will pay all accrued but unpaid interest on the portion of the principal balance repaid.

5. Conversion.

(a) No
Conversion. Until the Articles of Incorporation of the Company have been amended pursuant to Section 4.03 of the Agreement, the Investors
will not convert the Notes.

(b) Optional
Conversion. Subject to Section 5(a) hereof, at any time after six months from the date but prior to the closing of a Corporate Transaction
(subject to the limitations in Section 5(d)), all or part of the outstanding principal and/or accrued but unpaid interest under this
Note may, upon the written election of the Investor, be converted into shares of the Companys Common Stock at the Conversion Price.
The written election of the Investor must specify the amount of outstanding and/or accrued but unpaid interest to be converted and the
intended date of such conversion.

(c) Mandatory
Conversion. On the closing date of a Qualified Financing, all of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on such
closing date will be automatically converted (the Mandatory Conversion) into shares of the Companys Common
Stock at the Conversion Price.

(d) Corporate
Transaction Conversion. The Company shall notify the Investor at least 10 days prior to the closing of a Corporate Transaction involving
the Company. Within five days of receipt of such notice, the Investor may elect either (i) a cash payment equal to the outstanding principal
and accrued but unpaid interest under this Note or (ii) convert the Note into shares of the Companys Common Stock at the Conversion
Price pursuant to Section 5(a).

(e) No
Fractional Shares. The number of shares and/or units of Company securities issuable pursuant to this Section 5 will be rounded down
to the nearest whole share.

(f) Definitions.
For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below:

Common
Stock means the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value.

Conversion
Price shall be equal to the VWAP.

Corporate
Transaction means: (1) the closing of the sale, transfer or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related
transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; (2) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another entity (except a merger or consolidation in which the holders of capital stock of the Company immediately prior
to such merger or consolidation continue to hold a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the capital stock of the Company
or the surviving or acquiring entity immediately following the consummation of such transaction); or (3) the closing of the transfer
(whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), in a single transaction or series of related transactions, to a person
or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and Section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act)) of the Companys capital stock if, after such closing, such person or group would become the
beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities
of the Company (or the surviving or acquiring entity). For the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Corporate
Transaction if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Companys incorporation or to create a holding company that
will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Companys securities immediately prior to such
transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sale of equity securities in a bona fide financing transaction will not be deemed a Corporate
Transaction.

Convertible Promissory Note Page 2

VWAP
means, with respect to any date, the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market operated
by OTC Markets Group Inc. over the ninety (90) Trading Days immediately preceding such date.

Qualified
Financing means the first transaction or series of related transactions in which the Company (i) sells any of its equity securities,
(ii) receives a cash infusion related to the negotiation of, or entering into, a strategic partnership, (iii) on or before the maturity
of the Convertible Notes and (iv) with gross proceeds to the Company of at least $ $4,500,000 (excluding the amount attributable to the
conversion of the Convertible Notes).

6. Actions
on Conversion. At such time as this Note is converted into Company securities, the rights of the Investor under this Note
will cease and such person will be treated for all purposes as the record holder of the equity securities issuable upon conversion. As
promptly as practicable but no later than the applicable closing and/or conversion date, the Investor (a) will execute such purchase
and other agreements executed by the other purchasers of the equity securities and (b) will surrender this Note to the Company at its
principal office for cancellation. As promptly as practicable after receipt of the Note and the signature pages required by this Section
6, the Company may at its election either (i) issue a certificate or certificates representing the equity securities issuable upon conversion,
or (ii) not issue any certificate representing the equity securities and instead document the Investors interest in the equity
securities by recording the equity securities with the Companys transfer agent (or another custodian selected by the Company)
in book-entry form.

7. Restriction
on Transfer of the Note. Any sale or transfer of this Note must comply with the requirements contained in the Agreement.

8. Events
of Default. Upon the occurrence of any one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining
unpaid on this Note, including any accrued but unpaid interest, may be declared to be or shall become immediately due and payable as
provided in the Agreement.

9. No
Rights or Liabilities as Holder of Equity Interests. This Note does not of itself entitle the Investor to any voting rights
or other rights as a holder of equity interests in the Company. In the absence of conversion of this Note, no provisions of this Note,
and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Investor, shall cause the Investor to be a holder of equity interests in
the Company for any purpose.

10. Amendments
and Waivers. Any term of this Note may be amended, terminated or waived only with the written consent of the Company and the
Majority Investors. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section shall be binding upon each of the Notes and each
of the Investors and each transferee of the Notes and the Company.

11. Waiver
of Notice, Protest and Demand. The Company hereby waives presentment for payment, notice of nonpayment, protest, notice of
protest, and all other notices, filing of suit and diligence in collecting the amounts due under this Note and agrees to not require
the Investor to first initiate any suit or exhaust its remedies against any other person or parties in order to enforce payment of this
Note.

12. Titles
and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Note are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or interpreting this Note.

13. Governing
Law. This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Arizona, regardless of the
laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law.

[Signature
Page Follows]

Convertible Promissory Note Page 3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be signed by its duly authorized officer and to be dated as of the date first written
above.

MOBIVITY HOLDINGS CORP.

By: 

Bryce
Daniels

President

Convertible Promissory Note Signature Page
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mfon-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mfon-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mfon-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 000-53851

Entity Registrant Name Mobivity
Holdings Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001447380

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-3439095

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3133
West Frye Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two #
215

Entity Address, City or Town Chandler

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85226

City Area Code (877)

Local Phone Number 282-7660

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mobivity.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mfon-20250317.xsd 
mfon-20250317_lab.xml 
mfon-20250317_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-010800-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001447380 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001447380 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
Mobivity Holdings Corp. 
NV 
000-53851 
26-3439095 
3133 West Frye Road 
# 215 
Chandler 
AZ 
85226 
(877) 
282-7660 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>