<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-024408.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-024408.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211171525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-024408
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERNATIONAL PAPER CO /NEW/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000051434
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPER MILLS [2621]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				130872805
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03157
		FILM NUMBER:		25610860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6400 POPLAR AVENUE
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38197
		BUSINESS PHONE:		901-419-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6400 POPLAR AVENUE
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38197

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNATIONAL PAPER & POWER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710527
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d926893d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

INTERNATIONAL PAPER CO /NEW/false000005143400000514342025-02-112025-02-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): February 11, 2025

International Paper Company

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Commission file number 1-3157

New York 13-0872805

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

6400 Poplar Avenue, Memphis, Tennessee 38197

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (901)419-9000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $1 per share par value IP New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check 

Common Stock, $1 per share par value IPC London Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

(d) Election of Director 

On February 11, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of International Paper Company (the Company), upon the recommendation of the Companys Governance Committee, appointed David A. Robbie to serve as an independent director to the Board effective immediately. Mr. Robbies term as an independent director will expire at the annual meeting of the Companys shareowners in May 2025 where he will be nominated by the Board for re-election. With the appointment of Mr. Robbie, the Board now consists of 11 members, 10 of whom are independent. 

The Board appointed Mr. Robbie to the Audit and Finance and Public Policy and Environment committees, effective immediately. 

Under the Companys Restricted Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Mr. Robbie is eligible for an annual grant of Company stock. The compensation of Mr. Robbie will be consistent with that provided to all the Companys non-employee directors as disclosed in the Elements of our Director Compensation Program section of our proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2024. 

The Board has determined that Mr. Robbie is independent, meets the applicable independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the Boards more rigorous standards for determining director independence. The selection of Mr. Robbie was not pursuant to an agreement or understanding between Mr. Robbie and any other person. Furthermore, there are no related party transactions between the Company and Mr. Robbie that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

On February 11, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Robbie to the Companys Board. A copy of the release is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

(e) Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 

On February 11, 2025, the Board, upon recommendation from the Management Development and Compensation Committee, as part of our ongoing review of our executive compensation and retention programs, approved and adopted the International Paper Company Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan). The Severance Plan is designed to provide certain employees of the Company, including our named executive officers (NEOs), payments and benefits upon specified terminations of employment. Effective as of February 11, 2025, the Severance Plan supersedes and replaces the 2005 Board Policy on Severance Agreements with Senior Executives, which previously provided for supplemental severance benefits to our NEOs in excess of those available under the Companys broad-based Salaried Employee Severance Plan. 

2 

As a condition to participation in the Severance Plan, participants must enter into a Participation Agreement, which specifies a participants level, or multiple, of potential severance benefits and contains other terms and conditions related to participation in the Severance Plan. 

The Committee has selected certain officers and senior executive officers of the Company to participate in the Severance Plan, including the Companys NEOs: Andrew K. Silvernail, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Timothy S. Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; W. Thomas Hamic, Executive Vice President and President, North American Packaging Solutions, and Joseph R. Saab, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 

In the event of the termination of a participants employment other than in connection with a change in control as a result of a qualifying termination, which is a termination of the participants employment by the participant for good reason (as defined in the Severance Plan) or by the Company for any reason other than for cause (as defined in the Severance Plan), the participant will be entitled to receive the following benefits, subject to (i) compliance with the restrictive covenants with the Company to which the participant is a party and (ii) execution of a release of claims. If a participant has not entered into such restrictive covenants, the participant will be required to do so prior to participating in the Severance Plan. 

Severance Pay

A lump sum cash payment that is a multiple of the sum of the participants total base salary and target bonus paid as soon as administratively feasible following termination. Mr. Silvernails multiple is 2 times the sum of his annual base salary and his target bonus under the AIP (as defined below) (such combined amount, an executives Total Cash Compensation), while the multiple for the remaining NEOs is 1.5 times their Total Cash Compensation. 

Annual Incentive Plan (AIP)

Under the Severance Plan, Mr. Silvernail and the other NEOs would be entitled to any earned but unpaid bonus in respect of the most-recent bonus performance period under the Companys AIP ending prior to the date of termination. A pro-rata bonus under the AIP is payable to the participant, based upon the number of months during the Plan year in which the participant worked 15 days or more as earned based on the current plan year administrative guidelines for the Companys AIP. 

Unvested Equity

Any unvested and outstanding equity awards shall be paid in accordance with the administrative guidelines for the Companys incentive compensation programs and, if applicable, the Participants individual offer letter, employment agreement, equity award agreement or other similar agreement pursuant to which the Participant was granted the equity awards. 

Continuation of Health and Welfare Benefits

Health and welfare benefits to be continued for up to 2 years for Mr. Silvernail and 1.5 years for the other NEOs. 

Outplacement Services

Participation in an outplacement program for a period of 12 months, with a maximum cash value equal to $75,000 for Mr. Silvernail and $40,000 for the other NEOs. 

Change in Control

If a participants employment is terminated as a result of a qualifying termination within one year after a change in control, the participant will be entitled to receive only the payments and benefits set forth in the participants change-in-control agreement. 

3 

The foregoing description of the Severance Plan is only a summary of the Severance Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Severance Plan included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d). Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 International Paper Company Executive Severance Plan 

99.1 Press Release of International Paper Company dated February 11, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

4 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

International Paper Company

Date: February 11, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Joseph R. Saab

Name: Joseph R. Saab

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d926893dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY 

EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 

1. Purpose. The purpose of this International Paper Company Executive Severance Plan (this Plan) is to provide
certain employees of International Paper Company (the Company) payments and benefits upon certain terminations of employment on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Participation Agreement, attached
hereto as Appendix A. This document is intended to serve as the Plan document and summary plan description for this Plan. 

2.
Definitions. Any initial capitalized term that is used but not otherwise defined in this Plan has the meaning set forth below: 

(a) Annual Incentive Plan means the applicable annual incentive plan of the Company in effect as of a
Participants Termination Date. 

(b) Base Salarymeans the annual base rate of compensation
payable to a Participant as of the Termination Date (or, in the case of a Qualified Termination for Good Reason, as of the date immediately prior to the reduction in Base Salary giving rise to such Good Reason) and does not include variable forms of
compensation, including, without limitation, overtime or premium pay, bonuses, short- or long-term incentive compensation, commissions, expense or expense allowances, pay differential or compensation recognized in connection with any form of equity
or equity-based awards. 

(c) Cause has the meaning assigned such term in the Participants
employment or similar agreement, if any; provided, however, that, if there is no such agreement in which such term is defined, Cause shall mean: 

(i) The Participants willful and continued failure substantially to perform such Participants duties with the
Company (other than any such failure resulting from the Participants incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any such actual or anticipated failure resulting from termination by the Participant for Good Reason) after a written demand
for substantial performance is delivered to the Participant by the Board, which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Committee (or its delegate) believes that the Participant has not substantially performed the Participants
duties; 

(ii) The Participants conviction of or plea of nolo contendere with respect to a felony; or 

(iii) The Participants willful engaging in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company, whether
monetarily or otherwise. 

For purposes of this Section 2(c), no act, or failure to act, on the Participants
part will be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant in bad faith or without the Participants reasonable belief that such action or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its
affiliates. Any act, or failure to act, on the Participants part based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board) or, if the Company is not the ultimate parent entity of the
Company and is not publicly traded, the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the ultimate parent of the Company or based upon the Participants good faith
reliance on the advice of counsel for the Company and its affiliates will be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its affiliates. 

(d) Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the
following: 

(i) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation), the
result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of the
Companys voting stock representing thirty percent (30%) or more of the voting power of the Companys outstanding voting stock; provided, however, that an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries for whom shares are
held under an employee stock ownership, employee retirement, employee savings or similar plan and whose shares are voted in accordance with the instructions of such employee shall not be a member of a group (as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) solely because such employees shares are held by a trustee under said plan; 

(ii) during any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute members of
the Board (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that for purposes of this clause (ii) each new director elected, or nominated for election by the Companys
shareholders, during such period by a vote of at least two-thirds (23) of the Incumbent Directors then in office shall be
treated as an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors
or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person or entity other than the Board shall not be considered an Incumbent Director; 

(iii) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or
into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Companys outstanding voting stock or voting stock of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the Companys voting stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitutes, or is converted into or exchanged for, voting stock representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the voting
stock of the surviving Person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; 

(iv) the direct or indirect sale,
lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person
other than to the Company or one of its subsidiaries; or 

2 

(v) the shareholders of the Company approve a complete liquidation or
dissolution of the Company. 

(e) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(f) CompanyGroup means the Company and its subsidiaries. 

(g) Continuation Period means (i) for each Tier I Participant, two (2) years, (ii) for each Tier
II Participant, one and a half (1.5) years and (iii) for each Tier III Participant, one (1) year. 

(h)
Equity Awards means outstanding awards of performance stock units and restricted stock units granted under the International Paper Company 2024 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time, and any
successor plan thereto. Treatment of Equity Awards shall be in accordance with the administrative guidelines for the Companys incentive compensation programs and, if applicable, the Participants individual offer letter, employment
agreement, equity award agreement or other similar agreement pursuant to which the Participant was granted the Equity Awards. 

(i) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(j) Good Reason has the meaning assigned such term in the Participants employment or similar
agreement, if any; provided, however, that, if there is no such agreement in which such term is defined, Good Reason shall mean a Participants resignation due to: 

(i) the assignment to the Participant of any duties with the Company (or with a successor or affiliated company) inconsistent
with the Participants role, or a substantial adverse alteration in the nature or status of the Participants responsibilities; 

(ii) a material reduction in the Participants annual base salary as in effect from time to time; 

(iii) the Companys requiring the Participant to be based at a new place of work more than fifty (50) miles from the
Participants then-current place of work, except for required travel on the Companys business; or 

(iv) any
other material breach of the Companys obligations to the Participant under the Participants employment or similar agreement, if any, with the Company, 

provided, however, that the actions in (i) through (iv) above will not be considered Good Reason unless the Participant
shall describe the basis for the occurrence of the Good Reason event in reasonable detail in a notice of termination provided to the Company in writing within ninety (90) days of the Participants knowledge of the actions giving rise to
the Good Reason, and the Company has failed to cure such actions within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice of termination (and if the Company does effect a cure within that period, such notice of termination shall be ineffective).

3 

If a Participant remains employed with the Company Group for more than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of an event described in this Section (j) without providing the
notice of termination described in the preceding paragraph, then the Participant shall be deemed to have consented to such event and the Participant shall not be eligible for a Severance Payment under this Plan as a result of that event and shall be
deemed to have waived all rights in regard to such event. 

(k) Participation Agreement means a fully
executed written agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the specific terms and conditions of such Participants participation in this Plan and substantially in the form attached hereto as Appendix A - Form of
Participation Agreement. 

(l) Person means any individual or legal entity, including any
group within the meaning of Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act. 

(m) Plan
Administrator means the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Company. 

(n) Pro-Rata Bonus means a bonus under the Annual Incentive Plan for the year in which the Termination Date occurs, based upon the number of months of employment during the Plan Year in which the Participant
worked fifteen (15) days or more that is earned based on the current plan year administrative guidelines for the Companys Annual Incentive Plan. 

(o) Qualifying Termination means a termination of the Participants employment with the Company Group
without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason. 

(p) Restrictive Covenants Agreement shall mean the
Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement or similar agreement entered into between a Participant and any member of the Company Group. 

(q) Termination Date shall mean the date following a Participants last day worked. 

(r) Tier I Participant means any Participant who is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

(s) Tier II Participant means any Participant who is (i) a Board-appointed executive officer of the
Company other than the Chief Executive Officer, (ii) a senior vice president of the Company or (iii) a group vice president of the Company. 

(t) Tier III Participant means any Participant who is designated as an officer of the Company who is not a
Tier I Participant or a Tier II Participant. 

(u) Total Cash Compensation means the sum of a
Participants (i) annual base salary and (ii) target bonus under the Annual Incentive Plan. 

4 

3. Participation. Participation in this Plan will be limited to employees of the
Company who (a) are designated by the Management Development and Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board, or its delegate, from time to time and (b) who have signed and delivered to the Company, within the
time set by the Company, a Participation Agreement (each, a Participant). An employee designated by the Committee as a Participant in this Plan will begin participating in this Plan effective upon such Participants execution
and return of the Participation Agreement, even if the Participation Agreement is executed thereafter (or is never executed) by the Company. 

4. Administration. The Committee will administer this Plan; provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit the
authority of the Board with respect to its right to review and approve, in the discretion of the Board, any decisions made with respect to the Tier I Participant or Tier II Participants, or its discretion to otherwise administer this Plan, in which
case the term Committee shall refer to the Board. 

5. Powers of the Committee. The Committee shall have
all powers necessary to enable it properly to carry out its duties with respect to the complete control of the administration of this Plan. Not in limitation, but in amplification of the foregoing, the Committee shall have the power and authority in
its discretion to (a) construe this Plan to determine all questions that shall arise as to interpretations of this Plans provisions, (b) determine which individuals are and are not Participants and designate an individual as a Tier I
Participant, Tier II Participant or a Tier III Participant, (c) determine the benefits to which any Participant may be entitled, (d) determine the eligibility requirements for participation in this Plan, (e) adopt amendments to this
Plan which are deemed necessary or desirable to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance thereunder
(Section 409A), (f) make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of this Plan, including the authority and ability to delegate administrative functions to a third party, (g) decide all
disputes arising in connection with this Plan and (h) otherwise supervise the administration of this Plan. All decisions and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all Persons, including the Company and the Participant. The
Committee, in its discretion, may delegate its administrative duties and responsibilities to an Administrative Committee or other third party, who shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Committee. 

6. Termination Benefits Generally. In the event a Participants employment with any member of the Company Group is terminated for
any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to such Participant any earned but unpaid salary, unpaid expense reimbursements in accordance with Company policy, if any, and any accrued but unused vacation or leave entitlement (collectively, the
Accrued Benefits), within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date or as otherwise required by law. 

7.
Qualifying Termination not in Connection with a Change in Control. In the event of a Participants Qualifying Termination, subject to Section 10 and the terms of such Participants Participation Agreement,
upon the Participants execution of a valid and irrevocable release of claims in the form provided by the Company (a Release) that becomes irrevocable not later than the sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the Termination Date and subject to the Participants compliance with the terms and conditions of such Participants Participation Agreement, the Participant will
be entitled to receive the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Severance Benefits). 

5 

(a) A lump sum cash payment, payable as soon as administratively feasible
following the Termination Date, equal to: 

(i) for the Tier I Participant, two (2) timessuch Tier I
Participants Total Cash Compensation; 

(ii) for each Tier II Participant, one and a half (1.5) times such Tier II
Participants Total Cash Compensation; and 

(iii) for each Tier III Participant, the greater of (A) two (2) weeks
of Base Salary for each year or partial year of service and (B) one (1) times such Tier II Participants Total Cash Compensation. 

(b) Any earned but unpaid bonus in respect of the most-recent bonus performance period under the Annual Incentive Plan ending
prior to the Termination Date, payable (i) for the Tier I Participant, when such bonuses are paid to active employees of the Company under the Annual Incentive Plan or, if later, on the effective date of the Release and (ii) for each Tier
II Participant and Tier III Participant, as soon as administratively feasible following the applicable Termination Date (but no earlier than the effective date of the Release). 

(c) The Pro-Rata Bonus payable in accordance with the current plan year administrative
guidelines for the Companys Annual Incentive Plan. 

(d) Any unvested and outstanding Equity Awards shall paid in
accordance with the administrative guidelines for the Companys incentive compensation programs and, if applicable, the Participants individual offer letter, employment agreement, equity award agreement or other similar agreement pursuant
to which the Participant was granted the Equity Awards. 

(e) If the Participant was participating in the Company
Groups group health plan immediately prior to the Termination Date and elects COBRA health continuation, then the Company shall (on an after-tax basis so that Participant is responsible for applicable
income, FICA, payroll, etc. taxes thereon) pay full premium to the COBRA provider directly or pay to the Participant a monthly cash payment in an amount equal to the monthly premium until the end of the applicable Continuation Period. 

(f) An opportunity to participate in an outplacement program designated by the Company in its sole discretion for a period of
twelve (12) months, with a maximum cash value equal to (i) for the Tier I Participants, seventy-five thousand dollars ($75,000), (ii) for each Tier II Participant, forty thousand dollars ($40,000) and (iii) for each Tier III
Participant, twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000). 

8. Qualifying Termination in Connection with a Change in Control.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a Participants Qualifying Termination that occurs in connection with a Change in Control (and in the case of a Qualifying Termination for Good Reason, any such termination that
occurs within the one (1)-year period following the Change in Control), such Participant shall be entitled only to the payments and benefits set forth in such Participants
Change-in-Control Agreement with the Company. If the Participant has not executed a
Change-in-Control Agreement, such Participant shall be entitled only to the Severance Benefits. 

6 

9. Participation Agreement. If a Participant materially breaches any material
provision of the Participation Agreement or the Release, subject to written notice and an opportunity to cure such breach, if such breach is reasonably capable of cure, no later than thirty (30) days following the Participants receipt of
such notice, the Committee may require that the Participant forfeit any unpaid portion of the Severance Benefits. 

10. Clawback of
Severance Benefits. The Severance Benefits shall be subject to recoupment or clawback as may be required by applicable law or listing standards or as set forth in any compensation adjustment, recoupment or clawback policy of the Company as may
be in effect at such time, including, without limitation, (a) the International Paper Company Clawback Policy, as may be amended from time to time, (b) the administrative guidelines for the Companys incentive compensation programs,
as may be amended from time to time and (c) the Restrictive Covenant Agreement(s). 

11. Restrictive Covenants. As a condition
to participating in, and receiving benefits under, this Plan, each Participant shall continue to comply with the terms and conditions contained in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement(s) and any such other agreement(s) as designated in the applicable
Participation Agreement. If a Participant has not entered into a Restrictive Covenants Agreement, such Participant shall enter into such agreement prior to participating in this Plan. In the event that a Participant materially breaches the terms of
the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Participant shall not be entitled to any further payments or benefits under this Plan and the Participant may (in the discretion of the Committee) be obligated to repay any amounts previously paid under this
Plan. 

12. Tax Matters. 

(a) The payments and benefits provided under this Plan will be subject to all applicable federal, state and other governmental
withholdings. 

(b) It is the intention that the Severance Benefits provided pursuant to this Plan do not constitute
nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and that to the greatest extent possible this Plan be construed and applied consistent with that intent. Any reference to a termination of employment for purposes
of this Plan means a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. If, at the time of the Participants termination of employment, the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, as determined under the Companys previously established methodology for determining specified employees, the Participant will not be entitled to any payments or benefits the right to which provides
for a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, and whose payment or provision is triggered by the termination of the Participants employment (whether such payments or benefits are provided to the
Participant under this Plan or under any other plan, program or arrangement of the Company Group), until the date which is the first business day following the six-month anniversary of the Participants
Termination Date, at which time such delayed payments will be paid to the Participant in a lump sum; provided, however, that a payment delayed pursuant to this Section 12(b) will commence earlier in the event
of the Participants death prior to the six-month anniversary of the Participants Termination Date. 

7 

(c) Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, (i) if
a Participant was a party to a prior agreement or arrangement providing for the payment of any amount that would constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A upon a separation from
service within the meaning of Section 409A, then to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, any payments made to such Participant pursuant to this Plan will be made in the same time and in the same form as provided in such
other agreement or arrangement and (ii) if the Committee or any Participant in good faith believes that any provision of this Plan contravenes any regulations or guidance promulgated under Section 409A or would cause any Person to be
subject to additional taxes, interest or penalties under Section 409A, then the Committee and the Participant shall in good faith discuss modifications to this Plan and/or such Participants Participation Agreement and attempt to modify
such provision in any manner the Committee in good faith deems reasonable or necessary in order to mitigate or eliminate such taxes, interest or penalties. In making such modifications the Committee and the Participant must reasonably attempt to
maintain the original economic intent of the applicable provision without contravening the provisions of Section 409A to the maximum extent practicable. 

(d) If any reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided by the Company pursuant to this
Plan would constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, such reimbursements or in-kind benefits will be subject to the following rules: (i) the
amounts to be reimbursed, or the in-kind benefits to be provided, will be determined pursuant to the terms of the applicable benefit plan, policy or agreement and will be limited to the Participants
lifetime and the lifetime of the Participants eligible dependents, (ii) the amounts eligible for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits provided, during any calendar year may not affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year
following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred and (iv) the Participants right to an in-kind benefit or reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for cash or another
benefit. 

(e) For purposes of Section 409A, each payment under this Plan will be considered a separate payment and not
one of a series of payments. In no event may the Participant designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Plan that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation that is subject to Section 409A. In the event
that the period beginning on the date of a Participants Qualifying Termination and ending on the sixtieth (60th) day after the date of a Participants Qualifying Termination begins in
one taxable year of the Participant and ends in a second taxable year of the Participant, then to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, the payments that would have otherwise been made pursuant to this Plan in the first taxable year
will not be made until the second taxable year. 

13. Mandatory Reduction of Payment in Certain Events. 

(a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the
Company to the Participant or for such Participants benefit (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (a Payment) would be subject to the excise tax (the
Excise Tax) imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then, prior to the making of any Payment to the Participant, a calculation shall be made comparing (i) the net benefit to the Participant of the Payment after such
Participants liability for the Excise Tax to (ii) the net benefit to the Participant if the Payment had been limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. If the amount calculated under (i) above is less
than the amount calculated under (ii) above, then the Payment shall be limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax (the Reduced Amount). The reduction of the Payments due hereunder, if applicable,
shall be made in such a manner as to maximize the economic value of all Payments made to the Participant, determined by the Accounting Firm (as defined in Section 13(b) below) as of the date of the Change in Control using the discount rate
required by Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. 

8 

(b) The determination of whether an Excise Tax would be imposed, the amount of such Excise
Tax, and the calculation of the amounts referred to in Section 13(a)(i) and (ii) above shall be made by an independent, nationally recognized accounting firm or other nationally recognized entity that regularly performs such calculations
for large publicly traded companies (the Accounting Firm) which shall provide detailed supporting calculations. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Participant and the Company. As a result of the
uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that (i) Payments to which the Participant was entitled, but did not receive pursuant to
Section 13(a), could have been made without the imposition of the Excise Tax (the amount of such erroneously forgone Payments, collectively the Underpayment) or (ii) Payments that the Participant did receive resulted in
total Payments in excess of the Reduced Amount (the amount of such erroneously paid Payments, collectively the Overpayment). In such event, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of any Underpayment or Overpayment that has
occurred. Any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to the Participant or for the Participants benefit, but no later than December 31st of the year in which the
Underpayment is determined. The amount of any Overpayment shall be promptly repaid by the Participant to the Company, with interest at the applicable federal rate from the date of the erroneous Payment to the date the Overpayment is repaid, within
thirty (30) days following the date that the Participant is notified by the Accounting Firm of the amount of the Overpayment; provided that, if the Participants employment has not then terminated, the Company may alternatively make
appropriate adjustments to the Participants on-going compensation, to the extent permitted in a manner consistent with Section 409A, to address such Overpayment. 

(c) In the event that the provisions of Code Section 280G and 4999 or any successor provisions are repealed without succession, this
Section 13 shall be of no further force or effect. 

14. Notices. For the purposes of this Plan, notices and all other
communications provided for in the Participation Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the
respective addresses set forth on the first page of the Participation Agreement; provided that all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Senior Vice President, Chief People & Strategy Officer of the
Company, with a copy to the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company, or to such address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt. 

15. Amendments; Termination. No employee or representative of the Company or any of its
affiliates is authorized to modify, add to or subtract from these terms and conditions, except in accordance with this Section 15. Subject to Section 12(c) above, and except to the extent
prohibited in a Participants Participation Agreement, the Committee may amend or terminate this Plan at any time, including by amending the eligibility to participate in this Plan, except that this Plan may not be amended or terminated in a
manner adverse to Participants as of the date of the amendment or termination without six (6) months advance written notice of such amendment or termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a definitive agreement with respect to a
transaction the consummation of which would result in a Change in Control (a Transaction Agreement) is executed while this Plan is in effect, this Plan will continue in full force and effect at least until the earlier to occur of
(a) the termination of the Transaction Agreement without consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and (b) the date that is one (1) year following the closing of the Change in Control resulting from the Transaction
Agreement, and, following such Change in Control, will not terminate or expire until after all Participants who become entitled to any payments or benefits hereunder will have received such payments and benefits in full. 

9 

16. Effective Date. This Plan is effective as of February 11, 2025 (the
Effective Date). 

17. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

(a) Non-Duplication of Benefits. Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Plan to the contrary, the Severance Benefits shall be in lieu of any severance or termination payments which might otherwise be payable under any other severance programs or policy or practice of the Company other than those set out as part of any
of the Companys short- or long-term incentive plans, performance plans, stock option plans, recognition or retention awards and retirement or supplemental retirement plans. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Severance
Benefits shall not duplicate any benefits provided under different bodies of law or jurisdictions outside the United States. For the avoidance of doubt, the Severance Benefits are in addition to any Accrued Benefits. 

(b) Non-Waiver of Rights and Breaches. No failure or delay of the Company or a
Participant in the exercise of any right given to the Company or the Participant under this Plan will constitute a waiver unless the time specified for the exercise of such right has expired. No single or partial exercise of any right will prevent
the further exercise of such right or the exercise of any other or additional rights. The waiver by the Company or the Participant of any default of the Participant or the Company, as applicable, will not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent
default or other default by the Participant, as applicable. 

(c) No Contract of Employment. Nothing in this Plan
shall be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or shall affect the terms and conditions of a Participants employment with the Company other than as explicitly set forth herein. 

(d) Successors and Assigns. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Plan will inure to the benefit of, and
will be binding on, the Company and its successors and assigns, and the rights and obligations (other than obligations to perform services) of the Participant under this Plan will inure to the benefit of, and will be binding upon, the Participant
and the Participants heirs, personal representatives and assigns. 

(e) Governing Law. The provisions of this
Plan will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to contracts made in and to be performed exclusively within the State of Tennessee, notwithstanding any conflict of laws provision to the
contrary. 

(f) Complete Rights. This Plan and the Participants applicable Participation Agreement define the
Participants sole rights with respect to the rights covered thereby but do not affect an applicable equity incentive plan or award agreement governing a Participants outstanding equity awards. In the event of a conflict between any
provision of this Plan and any provision of a Participants Participation Agreement, the provisions of such Participants Participation Agreement will prevail. 

10 

(g) Claims Procedures. 

(i) Any Participant or other Person, or the duly authorized representative of such individual, shall be entitled to file a
written claim for benefits under this Plan. The right of any Participant or other Person claiming a benefit under this Plan shall be initially determined by the Plan Administrator or their appointed agent within ninety (90) days of the receipt
of the claim. If special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, the Plan Administrator shall give a written notice of the required extension to the claimant by mail or delivery, prior to the expiration of the initial
ninety (90)-day period. The notice shall indicate the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a decision. In no event may the extension exceed
ninety (90) days from the end of the initial ninety (90)-day period. 

Any partial or total
denial by the Plan Administrator of a claim for benefits under this Plan shall be stated in writing and mailed or delivered to the claimant. Such notice of denial shall (A) set forth the specific reason(s) for the denial, (B) make
reference to the specific provisions of this Plan on which the denial is based, (C) include a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect the claim with an explanation of why such material or information is
necessary and (D) provide a description of the procedure for appeal of the denied claim, including a statement of the claimants right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on
appeal. 

(ii) A claimant or a duly authorized representative of said claimant may (A) request a review of a denied
claim by written request to the Plan Administrator, (B) submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim for benefits, and (C) upon reasonable request and free of charge, have reasonable access to,
and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to the claimants claim for benefits. A claimants request for review shall be filed with the Plan Administrator within sixty (60) days after receipt by the claimant
of the notice of claim denial. 

Within sixty (60) days after receipt of a request for review of a denied claim, the
Plan Administrator shall make a determination. If special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the review of the denied claim, the Plan Administrator shall give a written notice of the required extension to the claimant by mail
or delivery, prior to the expiration of the initial sixty (60)-day period. The notice shall indicate the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a
decision. In no event may the extension exceed sixty (60) days from the end of the initial sixty (60)-day period. 

11 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 17(g),
if the Committee serves as Plan Administrator and holds regularly scheduled meetings at least quarterly, the sixty (60)-day period above shall not apply. Except with respect to any claims based on disability
(in which case the ERISA claims procedures applicable to disability claims and reviews shall apply), the Committee shall instead make a determination no later than the date of the meeting of the Committee that immediately follows this Plans
receipt of a request for review, unless the request for review is filed within thirty (30) days preceding the date of such meeting. In that case, a determination shall be made no later than the date of the second meeting following this
Plans receipt of the request for review. If special circumstances require a further extension of time for processing, a determination shall be rendered not later than the third meeting of the Committee following this Plans receipt of the
request for review. If such an extension of time for review is required because of special circumstances, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Participant with written notice of the extension, describing the special circumstances and the date as
of which the determination will be made, prior to the commencement of the extension. The Plan Administrator shall notify the Participant of the determination as soon as possible, but not later than five (5) days after the determination is made.

(iv) The review of a denied claim will take into account all comments, documents, records and other information that the
claimant submitted relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial denial of the claim. Any decision by the Plan Administrator shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by
the claimant. Such decision shall be final and binding upon the Person claiming an interest in this Plan. The Plan Administrators decision on review will be communicated to the Participant in writing and will clearly: (A) state the
specific reason(s) for any denial of the Participants claim; (B) reference the specific Plan provision(s) on which any denial is based; (C) include a statement that the Participant is permitted to receive, upon request and free of
charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, this Plan and all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Participants claim for benefits; and (D) describe the Participants right to bring an action under
Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

(h) Unfunded Plan. This Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan that is maintained
primarily to provide severance compensation and benefits to a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201, 301, and 401 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
(ERISA), and therefore to be exempt from the provisions of Parts 2, 3, and 4 of Title I of ERISA and, with respect to Part 1 of Title I of ERISA, subject only to the limited reporting and disclosure obligations described in 29 CFR
2520.104-23 and 29 CFR 2520.104-24, as applicable. 

(i) No Mitigation. Participants are not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts
payable under this Plan, and except with respect to the payments set forth in Section 7(e) above, payments and benefits under this Plan shall not be reduced or offset on account of compensation or benefits a Participant earns from future
employment or service with an employer other than the Company. 

12 

18. ERISA Rights. 

(a) To the extent applicable after application of 29 CFR 2520.104-23 and/or 29 CFR 2520.104-24, Participants in this Plan are entitled to certain rights under ERISA, including: 

(i) The right to examine, without charge, all documents governing this Plan, including, if applicable, a copy of the latest
annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by this Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor; and 

(ii) The right to obtain, upon
written request to the Committee, copies of documents governing the operation of this Plan, including the updated plan document, as applicable, summary plan description and latest annual report (Form 5500 Series). A reasonable charge may be assessed
for such copies. 

(b) If a Participants claim for a benefit is denied in whole or in part, the Participant must
receive a written explanation of the reason for the denial. The Participant will have the right to have an appropriate review and reconsideration of the Participants claim, as outlined above. 

(c) Under ERISA, there are steps that a Participant can take to enforce the above rights. For instance, if a Participant
requests materials from the Committee and does not receive them within thirty (30) days, the Participant may file suit in a Federal court. In such a case, the court may require the Committee to provide the materials and pay the Participant up
to $110 a day until the Participant receives the materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Committee. If the Participant has a claim for benefits which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, the
Participant may file suit in a state or Federal court. 

(d) If it should happen that a Participant is discriminated against
for asserting the Participants rights, the Participant may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor or file suit in a Federal court. The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. If the Participant is successful,
the court may order the Person sued by the Participant to pay these costs and fees. If the Participant loses, the court may order the Participant to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it finds the Participants claim is frivolous. 

(e) If any Participant has any questions about this Plan, the Participant should contact the Committee. If any Participant has
any questions about this statement or about the Participants rights under ERISA, the Participant should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in the telephone directory,
or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. 

19. ERISA Plan Information. 

Official Name of the Plan: International Paper Company Executive Severance Plan

Plan Sponsor: International Paper Company

6400 Poplar Avenue

Memphis, Tennessee 38197

(901) 419-9000

Employer Identification Number (EIN): 13-0872805

13 

Type of Plan: Employee Welfare Benefit Plan Severance

Plan Year: Calendar Year ending on December 31

Type of Administration: Employer Administered

Funding: No special or separate fund will be required to be established or other segregation of assets required to be made to assure payment. No Participant or other Person will have under any circumstances any interest in any particular
property or assets of the Company as a result of participating in this Plan.

Plan Administrator: Management Development and Compensation Committee of International Paper Company 6400 Poplar Avenue Memphis, Tennessee 38197 (901) 419-9000

Agent for Service of Legal Process: International Paper Company

6400 Poplar Avenue

Memphis, Tennessee 38197

(901) 419-9000

Attention: General Counsel

14 

APPENDIX A 

FORM OF PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 

This Participation Agreement (the Agreement), dated [#DATE#], is by and between International Paper Company (the
Company) and the individual identified on the signature page as the Participant (the Participant). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the International Paper Company
Executive Severance Plan, as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time (the Plan). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Participant is presently employed as the [#TITLE#] of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, the Company considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital management team to be essential to protecting and
enhancing the best interests of the Company and its stockholders; and 

WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it is in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders to secure the Participants continued services and to protect the Participant in the case of certain terminations of the Participants employment; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Participant have determined that it is in their respective best interests to enter into this Agreement on
the terms and conditions as set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and
promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 

1. Participation in the Plan. As of the Effective Date, the Participant shall be a Tier [I][II][III] Participant in the
Plan for all purposes thereunder. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Participant shall be eligible to receive the Severance Benefits as a Tier [I][II][III] Participant as set forth in the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges
that he/she has received a copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read, reviewed and understood the requirements and terms contained within the Plan. 

2. Certain Differences. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary: 

(a) [Reserved.] 

3. Conditions for Receipt of Severance Benefits. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participants receipt of the
Severance Benefits is contingent upon (a) the Participants compliance with the terms and conditions of (i) that certain Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation
Agreement, dated [#DATE#] by and between the Participant and the Company and (ii) any other agreement by and between the Participant and the Company and any other restrictive covenant to which the Participant is subject with respect to
the Company Group and (b) the Participants timely execution and non-revocation of the Release. 

4. Certain Acknowledgements. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that
(a) participation in the Plan is entirely discretionary, (b) the Plan does not change or alter the nature or status of the Participants employment relationship with the Company Group, (c) any rights the Participant may have
under the Plan are not pensionable and (d) the Participants Severance Benefits may be subject to forfeiture, clawback and/or recoupment pursuant to Sections 9, 10 and 11 of the Plan. 

5. Complete Agreement. By signing this Agreement and participating in the Plan, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Plan
and this Agreement supersede and replace any severance benefit plan, policy or practice previously maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates that may have been applicable to the Participant (including without limitation the International
Paper Company Salaried Severance Plan) and any severance benefits under any individually negotiated employment agreement or offer letter agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its affiliates, as may be amended from time to time,
including without limitation the offer letter agreement between the Participant and the Company, dated [#DATE#], as amended from time to time, other than any
Change-in-Control Agreement the Participant may have with the Company. 

6. Injunctive Relief. Without limiting the remedies available to the Company, the Participant acknowledges that a breach of any of the
covenants contained in this Agreement may result in irreparable injury to the Company for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach
or threat thereof, the Company will be entitled to seek a temporary restraining order or a preliminary or permanent injunction restraining the Participant from engaging in activities prohibited by this Agreement or such other relief as may be
required to specifically enforce any of the covenants in this Agreement. 

7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures transmitted via facsimile or PDF will be deemed the equivalent of
originals. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and the Company and the Participant have executed this Agreement on the
date noted next to the Participants signature. 

INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY

By: 

Name:

Title:

PARTICIPANT

Name: 

Date:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d926893dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

PRESS RELEASE 

International Paper Names New Director 

David Robbie to join IP Board of Directors 

MEMPHIS, Tenn., Feb. 11, 2025 /PRNewswire/ International Paper (NYSE: IP; LSE: IPC) today announced that David Robbie has been appointed
to IPs Board of Directors (the Board), effective February 11, 2025. The Board also appointed Mr. Robbie to the Audit and Finance and Public Policy and Environment committees. 

Mr. Robbie, 61, joins the IP Board after serving on DS Smiths Board of Directors since 2019. On January 31, 2025, International Paper acquired
DS Smith to create a new global leader in sustainable packaging solutions, focused on the attractive North America and EMEA regions. 

During his time on
the DS Smith Board, Mr. Robbie was appointed as senior independent director in 2022 and also served as chair and member of the DS Smith audit, nomination and remuneration committees. Mr. Robbie is also a
non-executive director and audit committee chair of easyJet plc, a British European airline group (2020-present). Prior to this role, he served as interim chair, senior independent director and chair of the
audit committee at First Group plc, a British multinational transport group (2018-2021). Mr. Robbie also serves on the Board of Trustees for Britten Pears Arts, a music, arts and heritage charity based on the Suffolk Coast in England
(2008-present). Mr. Robbie has significant international corporate experience having served as Group Finance Director of Rexam PLC, a British-based multinational consumer packaging company (2005-2016). Mr. Robbie is qualified as a
chartered accountant at KPMG and holds an MA in English Literature from St. Andrews University. 

On behalf of the IP Board of Directors, I am
pleased to welcome David to our Board. His strong financial background and international corporate experience combined with his deep knowledge of DS Smith will help us maximize the best of both companies as we work together to accelerate growth,
improve profitability and serve customers all over the world, said International Paper Chairman and CEO Andy Silvernail. 

With these changes, the IP
Board will consist of 11 directors, 10 of whom are classified as independent directors. 

About International Paper

International Paper (NYSE: IP; LSE: IPC) is the global leader in sustainable packaging solutions. With company headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee, USA,
and EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) headquarters in London, UK, we employ more than 65,000 team members and serve customers around the world with operations in more than 30 countries. Together with our customers, we make the world safer and
more productive, one sustainable packaging solution at a time. Net sales for 2024 were $18.6 billion. In 2025, International Paper acquired DS Smith creating an industry leader focused on the attractive and growing North American and EMEA
regions. Additional information can be found by visiting internationalpaper.com

### 

Media Contact: 

Amy Simpson 

901-419-4964newsroom@ipaper.com

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ip-20250211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ip-20250211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ip-20250211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g926893dsp_1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name INTERNATIONAL PAPER CO /NEW/

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000051434

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 1-3157

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NY

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-0872805

Entity Address, Address Line One 6400 Poplar Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Memphis

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 38197

City Area Code (901)

Local Phone Number 419-9000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $1 per share par value

Trading Symbol IP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.internationalpaper.com//20250211/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d926893d8k.htm 
ip-20250211.xsd 
ip-20250211_lab.xml 
ip-20250211_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-024408-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d926893d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000051434 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

INTERNATIONAL PAPER CO /NEW/ 
false 
0000051434 
8-K 
2025-02-11 
1-3157 
NY 
13-0872805 
6400 Poplar Avenue 
Memphis 
TN 
38197 
(901) 
419-9000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1 per share par value 
IP 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>