<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001628280-25-011275.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001628280-25-011275.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307160732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-25-011275
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANUWAVE Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001417663
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				201176000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42552
		FILM NUMBER:		25720077

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3360 MARTIN FARM RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SUWANEE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-419-7525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3360 MARTIN FARM RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SUWANEE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RUB MUSIC ENTERPRISES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071106
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>snwv-20250303.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?snwv-20250303

FALSE000141766312-3100014176632025-03-072025-03-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 3, 2025

SANUWAVE Health, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-52985 20-1176000

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

11495 Valley View Road, Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (952) 656-1029

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registration is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

In connection with the Uplisting (as defined below), on March 4, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Sanuwave Health, Inc. (the Company) approved Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the A&R Bylaws), which amend and restate the Companys existing bylaws (the Existing Bylaws) in their entirety. The A&R Bylaws amend the Existing Bylaws to, among other matters:

adjust the notice window for stockholders to propose business or nominate directors to be considered at annual meetings to not less than 90 and not more than 120 days before the anniversary of the prior years meeting;

provide that, unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder provides notice under Rule 14a-19 and subsequently: (i) notifies the Company that such stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Companys director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19; (ii) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19; or (iii) fails to provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Company that the requirements of Rule 14a-19 have been met, then the stockholders nominations shall be deemed null and void and the Company shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any nominee proposed by such stockholder;

prohibit stockholders from requesting or calling a special meeting;

require any stockholders soliciting proxies from other stockholders to use a form of proxy color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the board of directors;

eliminate the requirement to make a stockholder list available for examination at meetings of stockholders;

eliminate the requirement that the Chief Executive Officer serve as an ex officio member of each committee appointed by the board of directors;

increase the maximum authorized number of directors from nine to 10;

provide that the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for adjudication of disputes; and

make certain other administrative, modernizing, clarifying, and conforming changes.

Item 5.05 Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

In connection with the Uplisting, on March 4, 2025, the Board approved a new Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. A copy of the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company's website at www.sanuwave.com/investors/governance.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the listing of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) effective at the opening of trading on March 7, 2025 (the Uplisting). The press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01 Other Events. 

On March 3, 2025, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC approving the Uplisting. The Company expects its Common Stock will begin trading on Nasdaq on March 7, 2025 under the ticker symbol SNWV. 

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements relating to the expected timing of the Uplisting, future financial results, production expectations, and plans for future business development activities. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Companys ability to control. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Among the key risks, assumptions and factors that may affect operating results, performance and financial condition are risks associated with regulatory oversight, the Companys ability to manage its capital resources, competition, and the other factors discussed in detail in 

the Companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit 

No. Description

3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective as of March 4, 2025.

99.1 Press Release dated March 4, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File--the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SANUWAVE HEALTH, INC.

Dated: March 7, 2025 By: /s/ Morgan C. Frank

Name: Morgan C. Frank

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex-31amendedbylawssanuwave.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

SANUWAVE HEALTH, INC.

a Nevada corporation

ARTICLE I

OFFICES 

Section 1.1 Principal Office. The principal office and place of business of Sanuwave Health, Inc. (the Corporation) shall be at 11495 Valley View Road, Eden Prairie, MN 55344, or at such other location as established from time to time by resolution of the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors).

Section 1.2 Other Offices. Other offices and places of business either within or without the State of Nevada may be established from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors or as the business of the Corporation may require. The street address of the Corporations registered agent is the registered office of the Corporation in Nevada.

ARTICLE II

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and any other business may be transacted as may be properly brought before the meeting pursuant to these Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended from time to time, these Bylaws). Except as otherwise restricted by the articles of incorporation of the Corporation (as amended from time to time, the Articles of Incorporation) or applicable law, the Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.2 Special Meetings.

(a)Subject to any rights of stockholders set forth in the Articles of Incorporation, special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the chair of the board or the chief executive officer or, if there be no chair of the board and no chief executive officer, by the president, and shall be called by the secretary upon the written request of at least a majority of the Board of Directors. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the meeting. Stockholders shall have no right to request or call a special meeting. Except as otherwise restricted by the Articles of Incorporation or applicable law, the Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders.

(b)No business shall be acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders except as set forth in the notice of the meeting.

Section 2.3 Place of Meetings. Any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be held at the Corporations registered office in the State of Nevada or at such other place in or out of the State of Nevada and the United States as may be designated in the notice of meeting. A waiver of notice signed by all stockholders entitled to vote thereat may designate any place for the holding of such meeting. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that any meeting of the stockholders shall be held by means of electronic communications or other available technology in accordance with Section 2.14.

Section 2.4 Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice.

1

(a)The chief executive officer, if any, the president, any vice president, the secretary, an assistant secretary or any other individual designated by the Board of Directors shall sign and deliver or cause to be delivered to the stockholders written notice of any stockholders meeting not less than ten (10) days, but not more than sixty (60) days, before the date of such meeting. The notice shall state the place, date and time of the meeting, the means of electronic communication, if any, by which the stockholders or the proxies thereof shall be deemed to be present and vote and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The notice shall be delivered in accordance with, and shall contain or be accompanied by such additional information as may be required by, the Nevada Revised Statutes (as amended from time to time, the NRS), including, without limitation, NRS 78.379, 92A.120 or 92A.410.

(b)In the case of an annual meeting, subject to Section 2.13, any proper business may be presented for action, except that (i) if a proposed plan of merger, conversion or exchange is submitted to a vote, the notice of the meeting must state that the purpose, or one of the purposes, of the meeting is to consider the plan of merger, conversion or exchange and must contain or be accompanied by a copy or summary of the plan; and (ii) if a proposed action creating dissenters rights is to be submitted to a vote, the notice of the meeting must state that the stockholders are or may be entitled to assert dissenters rights under NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, and be accompanied by a copy of those sections.

(c)A copy of the notice shall be personally delivered or mailed postage prepaid to each stockholder of record at the address appearing on the records of the Corporation. Upon mailing, service of the notice is complete, and the time of the notice begins to run from the date upon which the notice is deposited in the mail. If the address of any stockholder does not appear upon the records of the Corporation or is incomplete, it will be sufficient to address any notice to such stockholder at the registered office of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing and in addition thereto, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation pursuant to Chapters 78 or 92A of the NRS, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws may be given pursuant to the forms of electronic transmission listed herein, if such forms of transmission are consented to in writing by the stockholder receiving such electronically transmitted notice and such consent is filed by the secretary in the corporate records. Notice shall be deemed given (i) by facsimile when directed to a number consented to by the stockholder to receive notice, (ii) by e-mail when directed to an e-mail address consented to by the stockholder to receive notice, (iii) by posting on an electronic network together with a separate notice to the stockholder of the specific posting on the later of the specific posting or the giving of the separate notice or (iv) by any other electronic transmission as consented to by and when directed to the stockholder. The stockholder consent necessary to permit electronic transmission to such stockholder shall be deemed revoked and of no force and effect if (A) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with the stockholders consent and (B) the inability to deliver by electronic transmission becomes known to the secretary, assistant secretary, transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation responsible for the giving of notice.

(d)The written certificate of an individual signing a notice of meeting, setting forth the substance of the notice or having a copy thereof attached thereto, the date the notice was mailed or personally delivered to the stockholders and the addresses to which the notice was mailed, shall be prima facie evidence of the manner and fact of giving such notice and, in the absence of fraud, an affidavit of the individual signing a notice of a meeting that the notice thereof has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall be prima facie evidence of the facts stated in the affidavit.

(e) Any stockholder may waive notice of any meeting by a signed writing or by

transmission of an electronic record, either before or after the meeting. Such waiver of notice shall be deemed the equivalent of the giving of such notice.

Section 2.5 Determination of Stockholders of Record.

(a)For the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to (i) notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, (ii) receive payment of any distribution or the allotment of any rights, or (iii) exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, if applicable.

(b)If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders: (i) entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; and (ii) for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall apply to any postponement of any meeting of stockholders to a date not more than sixty (60) days after the record date or to any adjournment of the meeting; provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting and must fix a new record date if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 60 days later than the date set for the original meeting.

Section 2.6 Quorum; Adjourned Meetings.

(a)Unless the Articles of Incorporation provide for a different proportion, stockholders holding at least one-half (1/2) of the voting power of the Corporations capital stock, represented in person or by proxy (regardless of whether the proxy has authority to vote on all matters), are necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting. If, on any issue, voting by classes or series is required by the laws of the State of Nevada, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at least a majority of the voting power, represented in person or by proxy (regardless of whether the proxy has authority to vote on all matters), within each such class or series is necessary to constitute a quorum of each such class or series.

(b)If a quorum is not represented, a majority of the voting power represented or the individual acting as chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be represented. The individual acting as chair of the meeting may, for any or no reason, from time to time, adjourn or recess any meeting of stockholders. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be represented, any business may be transacted which might otherwise have been transacted at the adjourned meeting as originally called. When a stockholders meeting is adjourned to another time or place hereunder, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. However, if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting must be given to each stockholder of record as of the new record date. The stockholders present at a duly convened meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the departure of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum of the voting power.

Section 2.7 Voting.

(a)Unless otherwise provided in the NRS, the Articles of Incorporation, or any resolution providing for the issuance of preferred stock adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority expressly vested in it by the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, each stockholder of record, or such stockholders duly authorized proxy, shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of voting stock standing registered in such stockholders name at the close of business on the record date.

(b)Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, all votes with respect to shares (including pledged shares) standing in the name of an individual at the close of business on the record date shall be cast only by that individual or such individuals duly authorized proxy. With respect to shares held by a representative of the estate of a deceased stockholder, or a guardian, conservator, custodian or trustee, even though the shares do not stand in the name of such holder, votes may be cast by such holder upon proof of such representative capacity. In the case of shares under the control of a receiver, the receiver may vote such shares even though the shares do not stand of record in the name of the receiver but only if and to the extent that the order of a court of competent jurisdiction which appoints the receiver contains the authority to vote such shares. If shares stand of record in the name of a minor, votes may be cast by the duly appointed guardian of the estate of such minor only if such guardian has provided the Corporation with written proof of such appointment.

(c)With respect to shares standing of record in the name of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity on the record date, votes may be cast: (i) in the case of a corporation, by such individual as the bylaws of such other corporation prescribe, by such individual as may be appointed by resolution of the Board of Directors of such other corporation or by such individual (including, without limitation, the officer making the authorization) authorized in writing to do so by the chair of the board, if any, the chief executive officer, if any, the president or any vice president of such corporation; and (ii) in the case of a partnership, limited liability company or other legal entity, by an individual representing such stockholder upon presentation to the Corporation of satisfactory evidence of his or her authority to do so.

(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and except for the Corporations shares held in a fiduciary capacity, the Corporation shall not vote, directly or indirectly, shares of its own stock owned or held by it, and such shares shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to vote.

(e)Any holder of shares entitled to vote on any matter may cast a portion of the votes in favor of such matter and refrain from casting the remaining votes or cast the same against the proposal, except in the case of elections of directors. If such holder entitled to vote does vote any of such stockholders shares affirmatively and fails to specify the number of affirmative votes, it will be conclusively presumed that the holder is casting affirmative votes with respect to all shares held.

(f)With respect to shares standing of record in the name of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, spouses as community property, tenants by the entirety, voting trustees or otherwise and shares held by two or more persons (including proxy holders) having the same fiduciary relationship in respect to the same shares, votes may be cast in the following manner:

(i)If only one person votes, the vote of such person binds all.

(ii)If more than one person casts votes, the act of the majority so voting binds

all.

(iii) If more than one person casts votes, but the vote is evenly split on a particular matter, the votes shall be deemed cast proportionately, as split.

(g) If a quorum is present, unless the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the NRS, or other applicable law provide for a different proportion, action by the stockholders entitled to vote on a matter is approved by and is the act of the stockholders if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition to the action, unless voting by classes or series is required for any action of the stockholders by the laws of the State of Nevada, the Articles of 

Incorporation or these Bylaws, in which case the number of votes cast in favor of the action by the voting power of each such class or series must exceed the number of votes cast in opposition to the action by the voting power of each such class or series; provided, however, that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting of stockholders held to elect directors and entitled to vote on such election of directors.

Section 2.8 Proxies. At any meeting of stockholders, any holder of shares entitled to vote may

designate, in a manner permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, another person or persons to act as a proxy or proxies. If a stockholder designates two or more persons to act as proxies, then a majority of those persons present at a meeting has and may exercise all of the powers conferred by the stockholder or, if only one is present, then that one has and may exercise all of the powers conferred by the stockholder, unless the stockholders designation of proxy provides otherwise. Every proxy shall continue in full force and effect until its expiration or revocation in a manner permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a form of proxy color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors.

Section 2.9 Action Without A Meeting. Any action required or permitted by Nevada law to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting if, before or after the action, a written consent to the action is signed by stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the Corporation or, if different, the proportion of voting power required to take the action at a meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.10 Organization.

(a) Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over, either in person or participating by means of remote communication, by the chair of the board, or, in the absence of the chair, by the vice chair of the board, if any, or if there be no vice chair or in the absence of the vice chair, by the chief executive officer, if any, or if there be no chief executive officer or in the absence of the chief executive officer, by the president, or, in the absence of the president, or, in the absence of any of the foregoing persons, by a chair designated by the Board of Directors, or by a chair chosen at the meeting by the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes which all stockholders present in person or by proxy are entitled to cast. The individual acting as chair of the meeting may delegate any or all of his or her authority and responsibilities as such to any director or officer of the Corporation present in person or participating by means of remote communication at the meeting. The secretary, or in the absence of the secretary an assistant secretary, shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of the secretary and any assistant secretary the chair of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The order of business at each such meeting shall be as determined by the chair of the meeting. The chair of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts and things as are necessary or desirable for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (i) the establishment of procedures for the maintenance of order and safety, (ii) limitation on participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chair of the meeting shall permit, (iii) limitation on the time allotted for consideration of each agenda item and for questions or comments by meeting participants, (iv) restrictions on entry to such meeting after the time prescribed for the commencement thereof and (v) the opening and closing of the voting polls. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the chair of the meeting, in his or her discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.

(b)The chair of the meeting may appoint one or more inspectors of elections. The inspector or inspectors may (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each; (ii) determine the number of shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies or ballots; (iii) count all votes and ballots; (iv) determine any challenges made to any determination made by the 

inspector(s); and (v) certify the determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and the count of all votes and ballots.

(c)Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.12 shall be eligible to be elected at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.12. If any proposed nomination or business was not made or proposed in compliance with Section 2.12 (including proper notice under Section 2.13 and including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies in compliance with such stockholders representation pursuant to clause (a)(iv)(D) of Section 2.13), then the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting shall have the power to declare that such nomination shall be disregarded or that such proposed business shall not be transacted. If the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.10, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder (or a reliable reproduction or electronic transmission of the writing) delivered to the Corporation prior to the making of such nomination or proposal at such meeting by such stockholder stating that such person is authorized to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.11 Consent to Meetings. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person objects at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called, noticed or convened and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters not included in the notice, to the extent such notice is required, if such objection is expressly made at the time any such matters are presented at the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any regular or special meeting of stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or consent, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws.

Section 2.12 Director Nominations and Business Conducted at Meetings of Stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the chair of the board or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote on such matter at the meeting, who complied with the notice procedures set forth in Section 2.13 of these Bylaws and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the secretary of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the chair of the board or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote on such matter at the meeting, who complied with the notice procedures set forth in Section 2.13 of these Bylaws and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the secretary of the Corporation.

Section 2.13 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and Stockholder Proposals by Stockholders.

(a) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder and for nominations to be properly brought before a special meeting by a stockholder in each case pursuant to Section 2.12, the stockholder of record must have given timely notice 

thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation, and, in the case of business other than nominations, such other business must be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement (as defined below) of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. The notice must be provided by a stockholder of record and must set forth:

(i)as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected;

(ii)as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any substantial interest (within the meaning of Item 5 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made;

(iii)as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made or the business is proposed: (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and the name and address of such beneficial owner, (B) the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner as of the date of the notice, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record by the stockholder and such beneficial owner as of the record date for the meeting, and (C) a representation that the stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such nomination or business;

(iv)as to the stockholder giving the notice or, if the notice is given on behalf of a beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made or the business is proposed, as to such beneficial owner, and if such stockholder or beneficial owner is an entity, as to each director, executive, managing member or control person of such entity (any such person, a control person): (A) the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned (as defined below) by such stockholder or beneficial owner and by any control person as of the date of the notice, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of the class and number of shares of stock of the Corporation beneficially owned by such stockholder or beneficial owner and by any control person as of the record date for the meeting, (B) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or other business between or among such stockholder or beneficial owner or control person and any other 

person, including without limitation any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D (regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable to the stockholder, beneficial owner or control person) and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting, (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder's notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder or beneficial owner and by any control person or any other person acting in concert with any of the foregoing, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from changes in the share price of any class of the Corporation's stock, or maintain, increase or decrease the voting power of the stockholder or beneficial owner with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting, (D) as to any business, other than nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors, a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, and any control person will engage in a solicitation with respect to the business and, if so, the name of each participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in such solicitation and whether such person intends or is part of a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding stock required to approve or adopt the business to be proposed (in person or by proxy) by the stockholder; and

(v)a certification that the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner(s), if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made or the business is proposed, has or have complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such stockholders and/or each such beneficial owners acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of the Corporation and/or such stockholders and/or each such beneficial owners acts or omissions as a stockholder of the Corporation, including, without limitation, in connection with such nomination or proposal.

(b)The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation, including information relevant to a determination whether such proposed nominee can be considered an independent director.

(c)For purposes of Section 2.13(a), a public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of clause (a)(iv)(A) of this Section 2.13, shares shall be treated as beneficially owned by a person if the person beneficially owns such shares, directly or indirectly, for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Regulations 13D and 13G thereunder or has or shares pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing): (i) the right to acquire such shares (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or the fulfillment of a condition or both), (ii) the right to vote such shares, alone or in concert with others and/or (iii) investment power with respect to such shares, including the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, such shares. This Section 2.13 shall not apply to notice of a proposal to be made by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his or her intention to present the proposal at an annual or special meeting only pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and such proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such meeting.

(d) If the stockholder does not provide the information required under clause (a)(iii)(B) and clauses (a)(iv)(A)-(C) of this Section 2.13 to the Corporation within the time frames specified herein, or if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether notice of a nomination or of any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was properly made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions hereof, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder (including Rule 14a-19) with respect to the matters set forth herein. Unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and (ii) subsequently (x) notifies the Corporation that such stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporations director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19, (y) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19, or (z) fails to provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that the requirements of Rule 14a-19 have been met, then such stockholders nominations shall be deemed null and void and the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any nominee proposed by such stockholder.

Section 2.14 Meetings Through Electronic Communications. Stockholders may participate in a meeting of the stockholders by any means of electronic communications, videoconferencing, teleconferencing or other available technology permitted under the NRS (including, without limitation, a telephone conference or similar method of communication by which all individuals participating in the meeting can hear each other) and utilized by the Corporation. If any such means are utilized, the Corporation shall, to the extent required under the NRS, implement reasonable measures to (a) verify the identity of each person participating through such means as a stockholder and (b) provide the stockholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to communicate, and to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting in a substantially concurrent manner with such proceedings. Participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.14 constitutes presence in person at the meeting.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 3.1 General Powers; Performance of Duties. The business and affairs of the

Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in Chapter 78 of the NRS or the Articles of Incorporation.

Section 3.2 Number, Tenure, and Qualifications. The Board of Directors shall consist of at least one (1) individual and not more than ten (10) individuals, with the number of directors within the foregoing fixed minimum and maximum established and changed from time to time solely by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors without amendment to these Bylaws or the Articles of Incorporation. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors shall elect directors to hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting or until the directors earlier death, retirement, disqualification, resignation or removal. Despite the expiration of a directors term, the director shall continue to serve until the directors successor is elected and qualified. No reduction of the number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of his or her term of office. No provision of this Section 3.2 shall restrict the right of the Board of Directors to fill vacancies or the right of the stockholders to remove directors, each as provided in these Bylaws.

Section 3.3 Chair of the Board. The Board of Directors shall elect a chair of the board from the members of the Board of Directors who meets the criteria as an independent director, who shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and stockholders at which he or she shall be present and shall have and may exercise such powers as may, from time to time, be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, these Bylaws or as provided by law.

Section 3.4 Vice Chair of the Board. The Board of Directors may elect a vice chair of the board from the members of the Board of Directors who shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and stockholders at which he or she shall be present and the chair is not present and shall have and may exercise such powers as may, from time to time, be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, these Bylaws or as provided by law.

Section 3.5 Removal and Resignation of Directors. Subject to any rights of the holders of preferred stock, if any, and except as otherwise provided in the NRS, any director may be removed from office with or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (voting as a single class) excluding stock entitled to vote only upon the happening of a fact or event unless such fact or event shall have occurred. In addition, the Board of Directors of the Corporation, by majority vote, may declare vacant the office of a director who has been (a) declared incompetent by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or (b) convicted of a felony. Any director may resign effective upon giving written notice, unless the notice specifies a later time for effectiveness of such resignation, to the chair of the board, if any, the president or the secretary, or in the absence of all of them, any other officer of the Corporation.

Section 3.6 Vacancies; Newly Created Directorships. Subject to any rights of the holders of preferred stock, if any, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office, or other cause, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office or by a sole remaining director, in either case though less than a quorum, and the director(s) so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and when their successors are elected or appointed, at which the term of the class to which he or she has been elected expires, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent directors.

Section 3.7 Annual and Regular Meetings. The Board of Directors shall hold its annual meeting, without call or notice other than this Section 3.7, at such time as determined by the Board of Directors, either before or after the annual meeting of the stockholders or any special meeting of the stockholders at which directors are elected, to transact such business as the Board of Directors deems necessary or appropriate. The Board of Directors may provide by resolution the place, date, and hour for holding regular meetings between annual meetings, and if the Board of Directors so provides with respect to a regular meeting, notice of such regular meeting shall not be required.

Section 3.8 Special Meetings. Subject to any rights of the holders of preferred stock, if any, and except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called only by the chair of the board, if any, or if there be no chair of the board, by the chief executive officer, if any, or by the president or the secretary, and shall be called by the chair of the board, if any, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, or the secretary upon the request of the Chair, or at least a majority of the Board of Directors. If the chair of the board, or if there be no chair of the board, each of the chief executive officer, the president, and the secretary, fails for any reason to call such special meeting, a special meeting may be called by a notice signed by the Chair or at least a majority of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.9 Place of Meetings. Any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place as the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation, as the notice calling such meeting, may designate. A waiver of notice signed by the directors may designate any place for the holding of such meeting.

Section 3.10 Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.7, there shall be delivered to each director at the address appearing for him or her on the records of the Corporation, at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of such meeting, a copy of a written notice of any meeting (i) by delivery of such notice personally, (ii) by mailing such notice postage prepaid, (iii) by facsimile, (iv) by overnight courier, or (v) by electronic transmission or electronic writing, including, without limitation, email. If mailed to an address inside the United States, the notice shall be deemed delivered two (2) business days following the date the same is deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid. If mailed to an address outside the United States, the notice shall be deemed delivered four (4) business days following the date the same is deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid. If sent via overnight courier, the notice shall be deemed delivered the business day following the delivery of such notice to the courier. If sent via facsimile, the notice shall be deemed delivered upon senders receipt of confirmation of the successful transmission. If sent by electronic transmission (including, without limitation, e-mail), the notice shall be deemed delivered when directed to the e-mail address of the director appearing on the records of the Corporation and otherwise pursuant to the applicable provisions of NRS Chapter 75. If the address of any director is incomplete or does not appear upon the records of the Corporation, it will be sufficient to address any notice to such director at the registered office of the Corporation. Any director may waive notice of any meeting, and the attendance of a director at a meeting and oral consent entered on the minutes of such meeting shall constitute waiver of notice of the meeting unless such director objects, prior to the transaction of any business, that the meeting was not lawfully called, noticed or convened. Attendance for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of business thereat because the meeting was not properly called or convened shall not constitute presence or a waiver of notice for purposes hereof.

Section 3.11 Quorum; Adjourned Meetings.

(a)A majority of the directors in office, at a meeting duly assembled, is necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.

(b)At any meeting of the Board of Directors where a quorum is not present, a majority of those present may adjourn, from time to time, until a quorum is present, and no notice of such adjournment shall be required. At any adjourned meeting where a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which could have been transacted at the meeting originally called.

Section 3.12 Manner of Acting. The affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.13 Meetings Through Electronic Communications. Members of the Board of Directors or of any committee designated by the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by any means of electronic communications, videoconferencing, teleconferencing or other available technology permitted under the NRS (including, without limitation, a telephone conference or similar method of communication by which all individuals participating in the meeting can hear each other) and utilized by the Corporation. If any such means are utilized, the Corporation shall, to the extent required under the NRS, implement reasonable measures to (a) verify the identity of each person participating through such means as a director or member of the committee, as the case may be, and (b) provide the directors or members of the committee a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the directors or members of the committee, including an opportunity to communicate, and to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting in a 

substantially concurrent manner with such proceedings. Participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 3.13 constitutes presence in person at the meeting.

Section 3.14 Action Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if, before or after the action, a written consent thereto is signed by all of the members of the Board of Directors or the committee. The written consent may be signed manually or electronically (or by any other means then permitted under the NRS), and may be so signed in counterparts, including, without limitation, facsimile or email counterparts, and shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.

Section 3.15 Powers and Duties.

(a)Except as otherwise restricted by Chapter 78 of the NRS or the Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has full control over the business and affairs of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may delegate any of its authority to manage, control or conduct the business of the Corporation to any standing or special committee, or to any officer or agent, and to appoint any persons to be agents of the Corporation with such powers, including the power to subdelegate, and upon such terms as it deems fit.

(b)The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the chair presiding at a meeting of stockholders, in his or her discretion, may submit any contract or act for approval or ratification at any annual meeting of the stockholders or any special meeting properly called and noticed for the purpose of considering any such contract or act, provided a quorum is present.

(c)The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Subject to applicable law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, any such committee shall have and may exercise all the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. The committees shall keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required.

Section 3.16 Compensation. The Board of Directors, without regard to personal interest, may establish the compensation of directors for services in any capacity. If the Board of Directors establishes the compensation of directors pursuant to this Section 3.16, such compensation is presumed to be fair to the Corporation unless proven unfair by a preponderance of the evidence.

Section 3.17 Organization. Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the chair of the board, or in the absence of the chair of the board by the vice chair, if any, or in his or her absence by a chair chosen at the meeting. The secretary, or in the absence of the secretary, an assistant secretary, shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of the secretary and any assistant secretary, the chair of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The order of business at each such meeting shall be as determined by the chair of the meeting.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS 

Section 4.1 Election. The Board of Directors shall elect or appoint a president, a secretary and a treasurer or the equivalents of such officers. Such officers shall serve until their respective successors are elected and appointed and shall qualify or until their earlier resignation or removal. The Board of Directors may from time to time, by resolution, elect or appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, and shall have such powers and duties and be paid such compensation as may be directed by the Board of Directors. Any individual may hold two or more offices.

Section 4.2 Removal; Resignation. Any officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors with or without cause. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any such removal or resignation shall be subject to the rights, if any, of the respective parties under any contract between the Corporation and such officer or agent.

Section 4.3 Vacancies. Any vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term of such office.

Section 4.4 Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors may elect a chief executive officer who, subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors, shall have the ultimate responsibility for the management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and perform such other duties and have such other powers which are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors, these Bylaws or as provided by law.

Section 4.5 President. The president, subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors, shall in general actively supervise and control the business and affairs of the Corporation. The president shall keep the Board of Directors fully informed as the Board of Directors may request and shall consult the Board of Directors concerning the business of the Corporation. The president shall perform such other duties and have such other powers which are delegated and assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, if any, these Bylaws or as provided by law. The president shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation unless the Board of Directors shall elect or appoint different individuals to hold such positions.

Section 4.6 Vice Presidents. The Board of Directors may elect one or more vice presidents. In the absence or disability of the president, or at the presidents request, the vice president or vice presidents, in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of Directors, and if not ranked, the vice presidents in the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation, in the order designated by the president, shall perform all of the duties of the president, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions on the president. Each vice president shall perform such other duties and have such other powers which are delegated and assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the president, these Bylaws or as provided by law.

Section 4.7 Secretary. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and any committees thereof, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, the minutes of proceedings thereof in books provided for that purpose. He or she shall keep, or cause to be kept, a register of the stockholders of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the giving of notice of meetings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and any committees, and shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law. The secretary shall be custodian of the corporate seal, if any, the records of the Corporation, the stock certificate books, transfer books and stock ledgers, and such other books and papers as the Board of Directors or any appropriate committee 

may direct. The secretary shall perform all other duties commonly incident to his or her office and shall perform such other duties which are assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these Bylaws or as provided by law.

Section 4.8 Assistant Secretaries. An assistant secretary shall, at the request of the secretary, or in the absence or disability of the secretary, perform all the duties of the secretary. He or she shall perform such other duties as are assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these Bylaws or as provided by law.

Section 4.9 Treasurer. The treasurer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the care and custody of, and be responsible for, all of the money, funds, securities, receipts and valuable papers, documents and instruments of the Corporation, and all books and records relating thereto. The treasurer shall keep, or cause to be kept, full and accurate books of accounts of the Corporations transactions, which shall be the property of the Corporation, and shall render financial reports and statements of condition of the Corporation when so requested by the Board of Directors, the chair of the board, if any, the chief executive officer, if any, or the president. The treasurer shall perform all other duties commonly incident to his or her office and such other duties as may, from time to time, be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, these Bylaws or as provided by law. The treasurer shall, if required by the Board of Directors, give bond to the Corporation in such sum and with such security as shall be approved by the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of all the duties of the treasurer and for restoration to the Corporation, in the event of the treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, records, papers, vouchers, money and other property in the treasurers custody or control and belonging to the Corporation. The expense of such bond shall be borne by the Corporation. If a chief financial officer of the Corporation has not been appointed, the treasurer may be deemed the chief financial officer of the Corporation.

Section 4.10 Assistant Treasurers. An assistant treasurer shall, at the request of the treasurer, or in the absence or disability of the treasurer, perform all the duties of the treasurer. He or she shall perform such other duties which are assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, if any, the president, the treasurer, these Bylaws or as provided by law. The Board of Directors may require an assistant treasurer to give a bond to the Corporation in such sum and with such security as it may approve, for the faithful performance of the duties of the assistant treasurer, and for restoration to the Corporation, in the event of the assistant treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, records, papers, vouchers, money and other property in the assistant treasurers custody or control and belonging to the Corporation. The expense of such bond shall be borne by the Corporation.

Section 4.11 Execution of Negotiable Instruments, Deeds and Contracts. All (i) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, bills of exchange, and orders for the payment of money of the Corporation, (ii) deeds, mortgages, proxies, powers of attorney and other written contracts, documents, instruments and agreements to which the Corporation shall be a party and (iii) assignments or endorsements of stock certificates, registered bonds or other securities owned by the Corporation shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. The Board of Directors may authorize the use of the facsimile signatures of any such persons. Any officer of the Corporation shall be authorized to attend, act and vote, or designate another officer or an agent of the Corporation to attend, act and vote, at any meeting of the owners of any entity in which the Corporation may own an interest or to take action by written consent in lieu thereof. Such officer or agent, at any such meeting or by such written action, shall possess and may exercise on behalf of the Corporation any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such interest.

ARTICLE V

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 5.1 Issuance. Shares of the Corporations authorized capital stock shall, subject to any provisions or limitations of the laws of the State of Nevada, the Articles of Incorporation or any contracts or agreements to which the Corporation may be a party, be issued in such manner, at such times, upon such conditions and for such consideration as shall be prescribed by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.2 Stock Certificates and Uncertificated Shares.

(a)Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by (i) the chief executive officer, if any, the president, or a vice president, and (ii) the secretary, an assistant secretary, the treasurer or the chief financial officer, if any, of the Corporation (or any other two officers or agents so authorized by the Board of Directors), certifying the number of shares of stock owned by him, her or it in the Corporation; provided that the Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of uncertificated shares of some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporations stock. Any such issuance of uncertificated shares shall have no effect on existing certificates for shares until such certificates are surrendered to the Corporation, or on the respective rights and obligations of the stockholders. Whenever any such certificate is countersigned or otherwise authenticated by a transfer agent or a transfer clerk and by a registrar (other than the Corporation), then a facsimile of the signatures of any corporate officers or agents, the transfer agent, transfer clerk or the registrar of the Corporation may be printed or lithographed upon the certificate in lieu of the actual signatures. In the event that any officer or officers who have signed, or whose facsimile signatures have been used on any certificate or certificates for stock cease to be an officer or officers because of death, resignation or other reason, before the certificate or certificates for stock have been delivered by the Corporation, the certificate or certificates may nevertheless be adopted by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the person or persons who signed the certificate or certificates, or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used thereon, had not ceased to be an officer or officers of the Corporation.

(b)Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written statement certifying the number and class (and the designation of the series, if any) of the shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation and any restrictions on the transfer or registration of such shares imposed by the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, any agreement among stockholders or any agreement between the stockholders and the Corporation. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the NRS, the rights and obligations of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be identical whether or not their shares of stock are represented by certificates.

(c) Each certificate representing shares shall state the following upon the face thereof: the name of the state of the Corporations organization; the name of the person to whom issued; the number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any, which such certificate represents; the par value of each share, if any, represented by such certificate or a statement that the shares are without par value. Certificates of stock shall be in such form consistent with law as shall be prescribed by the Board of Directors. No certificate shall be issued until the shares represented thereby are fully paid. In addition to the foregoing, all certificates evidencing shares of the Corporations stock or other securities issued by the Corporation shall contain such legend or legends as may from time to time be required by the NRS then in effect, or such other federal, state or local laws or regulations then in effect.

Section 5.3 Surrendered; Lost or Destroyed Certificates. All certificates surrendered to the Corporation, except those representing shares of treasury stock, shall be canceled and no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate for a like number of shares shall have been canceled, except that 

in case of a lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated certificate, a new one may be issued therefor. However, any stockholder applying for the issuance of a stock certificate in lieu of one alleged to have been lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated shall, prior to the issuance of a replacement, provide the Corporation with his, her or its affidavit of the facts surrounding the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation and, if required by the Board of Directors, an indemnity bond in an amount not less than twice the current market value of the stock, and upon such terms as the treasurer or the Board of Directors shall require which shall indemnify the Corporation against any loss, damage, cost or inconvenience arising as a consequence of the issuance of a replacement certificate.

Section 5.4 Replacement Certificate. When the Articles of Incorporation are amended in any way affecting the statements contained in the certificates for outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation or it becomes desirable for any reason, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, including, without limitation, the merger of the Corporation with another Corporation or the conversion or reorganization of the Corporation, to cancel any outstanding certificate for shares and issue a new certificate therefor conforming to the rights of the holder, the Board of Directors may order any holders of outstanding certificates for shares to surrender and exchange the same for new certificates within a reasonable time to be fixed by the Board of Directors. The order may provide that a holder of any certificate(s) ordered to be surrendered shall not be entitled to vote, receive distributions or exercise any other rights of stockholders of record until the holder has complied with the order, but the order operates to suspend such rights only after notice and until compliance.

Section 5.5 Transfer of Shares. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation

except on surrender and cancellation of any certificate(s) therefor accompanied by an assignment or transfer by the registered owner made either in person or under assignment. Whenever any transfer shall be expressly made for collateral security and not absolutely, the collateral nature of the transfer shall be reflected in the entry of transfer in the records of the Corporation.

Section 5.6 Transfer Agent; Registrars. The Board of Directors may appoint one or more

transfer agents, transfer clerks and registrars of transfer and may require all certificates for shares of stock to bear the signature of such transfer agents, transfer clerks and/or registrars of transfer.

Section 5.7 Miscellaneous. The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority to make

such rules and regulations not inconsistent herewith as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer, and registration of certificates for shares of the Corporations stock.

ARTICLE VI

DISTRIBUTIONS

Distributions may be declared, subject to the provisions of the laws of the State of Nevada and the Articles of Incorporation, by the Board of Directors and may be paid in money, shares of corporate stock, property or any other medium not prohibited under applicable law. The Board of Directors may fix in advance a record date, in accordance with and as provided in Section 2.5, prior to the distribution for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to receive any distribution.

ARTICLE VII

RECORDS AND REPORTS; CORPORATE SEAL; FISCAL YEAR

Section 7.1 Records. All original records of the Corporation, shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation by or under the direction of the secretary or at such other place or by such other person as may be prescribed by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors.

Section 7.2 Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, authorize a seal, and the seal may be used by causing it, or a facsimile, to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. Except when otherwise specifically provided herein, any officer of the Corporation shall have the authority to affix the seal to any document requiring it.

Section 7.3 Fiscal Year-End. The fiscal year-end of the Corporation shall be such date as may

be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VIII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 8.1 Indemnification and Insurance.

(a) Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

(i) For purposes of this Article, (A) Indemnitee shall mean each director or officer who was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent (including, without limitation, as a trustee, fiduciary, administrator or manager) of the Corporation or member, manager or managing member of a predecessor limited liability company or affiliate of such limited liability company or is or was serving in any capacity at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent (including, without limitation, as a trustee, fiduciary administrator, partner, member or manager) of, or in any other capacity for, another corporation or any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, or other enterprise; and (B) Proceeding shall mean any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation), whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative.

(ii)Each Indemnitee shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, taxes, penalties, and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding; provided that such Indemnitee either is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or acted in good faith and in a manner such Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any Proceeding that is criminal in nature, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nobo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create a presumption that the Indemnitee is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a manner in which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or that, with respect to any criminal proceeding he or she had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. The Corporation shall not indemnify an Indemnitee for any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the Corporation or for any amounts paid in settlement to the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such amounts as the court deems proper. Except as so ordered by a court and for advancement of expenses pursuant to this Section, indemnification may not be made to or on behalf of an Indemnitee if a final adjudication establishes that his or her acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law and was material to the cause of action. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Bylaws, no director or officer may be indemnified for expenses incurred in defending any threatened, pending, or 

completed action, suit or proceeding (including without limitation, an action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that such director or officer incurred in his or her capacity as a stockholder.

(iii)Indemnification pursuant to this Section shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation or member, manager or managing member of a predecessor limited liability company or affiliate of such limited liability company or a director, officer, employee, agent, partner, member, manager or fiduciary of, or to serve in any other capacity for, another corporation or any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, or other enterprise and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.

(iv)The expenses of Indemnitees must be paid by the Corporation or through insurance purchased and maintained by the Corporation or through other financial arrangements made by the Corporation, as such expenses are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Indemnitee to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. To the extent that an Indemnitee is successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding, or in the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the Corporation shall indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred in by him or her in connection with the defense.

(b) Indemnification of Employees and Other Persons. The Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors and to the extent provided in such action, indemnify employees and other persons as though they were Indemnitees.

(c)Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to indemnification provided in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or directors, or otherwise.

(d)Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any Indemnitee for any liability asserted against him or her and liability and expenses incurred by him or her in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee, member, managing member or agent, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation has the authority to indemnify him or her against such liability and expenses.

(e)Other Financial Arrangements. The other financial arrangements which may be made by the Corporation may include the following (i) the creation of a trust fund; (ii) the establishment of a program of self-insurance; (iii) the securing of its obligation of indemnification by granting a security interest or other lien on any assets of the Corporation; and (iv) the establishment of a letter of credit, guarantee or surety. No financial arrangement made pursuant to this subsection may provide protection for a person adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable for intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of law, except with respect to advancement of expenses or indemnification ordered by a court.

(f)Other Matters Relating to Insurance or Financial Arrangements. Any insurance or other financial arrangement made on behalf of a person pursuant to this Section 8.1 may be provided by the Corporation or any other person approved by the Board of Directors, even if all or part of the other persons stock or other securities is owned by the Corporation. In the absence of fraud, (i) the decision of the Board of Directors as to the propriety of the terms and conditions of any insurance or other financial arrangement made pursuant to this Section 8.1 and the choice of the person to provide the insurance or 

other financial arrangement is conclusive; and (ii) the insurance or other financial arrangement is not void or voidable and does not subject any director approving it to personal liability for his action; even if a director approving the insurance or other financial arrangement is a beneficiary of the insurance or other financial arrangement.

Section 8.2 Amendment. The provisions of this Article VIII relating to indemnification shall constitute a contract between the Corporation and each of its directors and officers which may be modified as to any director or officer only with that persons consent or as specifically provided in this Section 8.2. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws relating to their amendment generally, any repeal or amendment of this Article VIII which is adverse to any director or officer shall apply to such director or officer only on a prospective basis, and shall not limit the rights of an Indemnitee to indemnification with respect to any action or failure to act occurring prior to the time of such repeal or amendment. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws (including, without limitation, Article X), no repeal or amendment of these Bylaws shall affect any or all of this Article VIII so as to limit or reduce the indemnification in any manner unless adopted by (i) the unanimous vote of the directors of the Corporation then serving, or (ii) by the stockholders as set forth in Article X; provided that no such amendment shall have a retroactive effect inconsistent with the preceding sentence.

ARTICLE IX

CHANGES IN NEVADA LAW

References in these Bylaws to the laws of the State of Nevada or the NRS or to any provision thereof shall be to such law as it existed on the date these Bylaws were adopted or as such law thereafter may be changed; provided that (i) in the case of any change which expands the liability of directors or officers or limits the indemnification rights or the rights to advancement of expenses which the Corporation may provide in Article VIII, the rights to limited liability, to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses provided in the Articles of Incorporation and/or these Bylaws shall continue as theretofore to the extent permitted by law; and (ii) if such change permits the Corporation, without the requirement of any further action by stockholders or directors, to limit further the liability of directors or limit the liability of officers or to provide broader indemnification rights or rights to the advancement of expenses than the Corporation was permitted to provide prior to such change, then liability thereupon shall be so limited and the rights to indemnification and the advancement of expenses shall be so broadened to the extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE X

AMENDMENT OR REPEAL

Section 10.1 Amendment of Bylaws.

(a)Board of Directors. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to amend or repeal these Bylaws or to adopt new bylaws.

(b)Stockholders. Notwithstanding Section 10.1(a), these Bylaws may be amended or repealed in any respect, and new bylaws may be adopted, in each case by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the outstanding voting power of the Corporation, voting together as a single class.

ARTICLE XI

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF DISPUTES

To the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought in the name or right of the Corporation or on its behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (c) any action arising or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of NRS Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XI.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex-991snwvpressrelease.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Sanuwave Health to Uplist to the Nasdaq Global Market

Trading Under the Ticker SNWV Expected to Begin on March 7, 2025

EDEN PRAIRIE, MN, March 4, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sanuwave Health, Inc. (the Company or "Sanuwave) (OTCQB: SNWV), a leading provider of next-generation FDA-approved wound care products, announced today that its common stock has been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq). 

Trading on Nasdaq is expected to commence at the market open on March 7, 2025, with shares continuing to trade under the ticker symbol SNWV. The Companys shares will trade on the OTCQB until trading on Nasdaq commences. Stockholders are not required to take any action as a result of the uplisting.

Commenting on the announcement, CEO Morgan Frank stated, The last 18 months have been a time of transition and progress at Sanuwave, and its with great excitement and pride that we join the Nasdaq Global Market, one of the premier stock exchanges in the world, as the next step toward achieving our aim of transforming the wound care market and driving value for our shareholders. This is going to be fun.

About Sanuwave

Sanuwave Health is focused on the research, development, and commercialization of its patented, non-invasive and biological response-activating medical systems for the repair and regeneration of skin, musculoskeletal tissue, and vascular structures.

Sanuwaves end-to-end wound care portfolio of regenerative medicine products and product candidates helps restore the bodys normal healing processes. Sanuwave applies and researches its patented energy transfer technologies in wound healing, orthopedic/spine, aesthetic/cosmetic, and cardiac/endovascular conditions.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements relating to the timing of the planned uplisting to Nasdaq, futurefinancial results, production expectations, and plans for future business development activities. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its 

directors or its officers. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Companys ability to control. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Among the key risks, assumptions and factors that may affect operating results, performance and financial condition are risks associated with regulatory oversight, the Companys ability to manage its capital resources, competition, and the other factors discussed in detail in the Companys periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

Contact: investors@sanuwave.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>snwv-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snwv-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>snwv-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image_0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name SANUWAVE Health, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity File Number 000-52985

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-1176000

Entity Address, Address Line One 11495 Valley View Road,

Entity Address, City or Town Eden Prairie,

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55344

City Area Code (952)

Local Phone Number 656-1029

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001417663

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sanuwave.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

snwv-20250303.htm 
snwv-20250303.xsd 
snwv-20250303_lab.xml 
snwv-20250303_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001628280-25-011275-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>snwv-20250303_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001417663 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

false 
0001417663 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
SANUWAVE Health, Inc. 
NV 
000-52985 
20-1176000 
11495 Valley View Road, 
Eden Prairie, 
MN 
55344 
(952) 
656-1029 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>