<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-007014.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-007014.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127163017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-007014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Singularity Future Technology Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				113588546
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34024
		FILM NUMBER:		25559438

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-888-1814

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228835-8k_singular.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000142289200014228922025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 24, 2025

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Virginia 001-34024 11-3588546

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

48
Wall Street, Suite 1100

New York, NY10005

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (718) 888-1814

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, no par value SGLY The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Registered
Direct Offering

On
January 24, 2025, Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company) entered into certain securities purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) with certain non-affiliated institutional investors (the Purchasers)
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell 700,000 shares of its Common Stock (Common Stock) in a registered direct
offering (the Offering), for gross proceeds of approximately $1.14 million. The purchase price for each share of
Common Stock is $1.63. 

The
Purchase Agreements contain customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification
obligations of the Company, other obligations of the parties, and termination provisions.

In
addition, the Company agreed that for a period of thirty (30) days from the closing date of the Offering, it will not, including but
not limited to,: (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of capital
stock or equivalent securities; or (ii) file or caused to be filed any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, subject
to certain limited exceptions. In addition, the Company agreed that it will not conduct any sales of Ordinary Shares or equivalent securities
involving a variable rate transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for a period of thirty (30) days from the closing date of
the Offering, subject to certain exceptions as described in the Purchase Agreements.

The
Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Offering
closed on January 27, 2025. 

The
Company also entered into certain placement agency agreement dated January 24, 2025 (the Placement Agency Agreement),
with Maxim Group LLC, as exclusive placement agent (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which the Placement Agent
agreed to act as the sole lead/exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent
an aggregate fee equal to 7% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent up
to an aggregate of $50,000 for the for non-accountable expenses and reasonable and accounted fees and expenses of legal counsel. Furthermore,
the Placement Agent was granted a right of first refusal for a period of twelve (12) months from the closing date of the Offering.

Copies
of the form of the Purchase Agreement and the form of the Letter Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively,
and are incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing summary of the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Letter Agreement is subject
to, and qualified in its entirety by such documents. A copy of the legal opinion issued by the Companys Virginia counsel,
VCL Law LLP, is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1.

This
Report shall not constitute an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any
sale of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
January 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit
99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
information included in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is being furnished and shall not
be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange
Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in any such filing.

1

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

5.1 Legal Opinion of VCL Law LLP

10.1 Form of the Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of the Placement Agency Agreement

99.1 Press Release on Pricing of the Companys Offering

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 27, 2025 Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

By: /s/ Jia Yang

Name: Jia Yang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022883501ex5-1_singular.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LEGAL OPINION OF VCL LAW LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

Austin
| Greater DC Area

VCL Law LLP

1945 Old Gallows Road,

Suite 260

Vienna, VA 22182

Tel: 301 760 7393

www.vcllegal.com

January
27, 2025

Singularity
Future Technology Ltd.

48
Wall Street, Suite 1100

New
York, NY 10005

Re:
Singularity Future Technology Ltd. 

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as Virginia counsel to Singularity Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia corporation (the Company), in connection
with an offering (the Offering) of an aggregate of 700,000 shares of the Companys common stock, without par
value per share (the Shares), all of which are to be offered and sold by the Company in accordance with the terms
of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 24, 2025, by and among the Company and the purchasers identified on the signature
page thereto (the Securities Purchase Agreement). The Offering is being made pursuant to a prospectus supplement
dated January 24, 2025 and the accompanying base prospectus dated October 24, 2024 (such documents, collectively, the Prospectus)
that form part of the Companys effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282006) (as so filed and as amended,
the Registration Statement). This opinion letter is furnished to you at your request to enable you to fulfill the
requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K, 17 C.F.R. 229.601(b)(5), and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter
pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or related Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to
the issuance and sale of the Shares.

For
purposes of this opinion letter, we have examined copies of such agreements, instruments and documents as we have deemed an appropriate
basis on which to render the opinions hereinafter expressed. In our examination of the aforesaid documents, we have assumed the genuineness
of all signatures, the legal capacity of all natural persons, the accuracy and completeness of all documents submitted to us, the authenticity
of all original documents, and the conformity to authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies (including pdfs).
As to all matters of fact, we have relied on the representations and statements of fact made in the documents so reviewed, and we have
not independently established the facts so relied on. This opinion letter is given, and all statements herein are made, in the context
of the foregoing.

This
opinion letter is based as to matters of law solely on the applicable provisions of Virginia Stock Corporation Act, as amended. We express
no opinion herein as to any other laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations.

Based
upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the issuance of the Shares pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement has been duly authorized and that when issued in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Shares
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

This
opinion letter has been prepared for use in connection with the filing by the Company of a Current Report on Form 8-K on the date hereof
relating to the offer and sale of the Shares, which Form 8-K will be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and Prospectus,
and speaks as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to advise of any changes in the foregoing subsequent to the delivery of this
letter.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the above-described Form 8-K and to the reference to this firm
under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are an expert
within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Very truly
yours,

/s/ VCL Law LLP

VCL Law LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022883501ex10-1_singular.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
EXhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 24, 2025, between Singularity Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia corporation
(the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below),
the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company,
securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee 
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day
that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
Counsel means Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC, with offices located at 950 3rd Ave 19th floor, New York, NY 10022.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof,
unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Pryor
Cashman means Pryor Cashman LLP, with offices located at 7 Times Square, New York, NY 10036.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any
stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been
amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or
conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities,
and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of
the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration
rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section
4.11(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or
through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and
shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

2

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Common
Stock means the Common Stock of the Company, no par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities may
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $1.63, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement, provided that the purchase price per Warrant
shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Maxim Group LLC.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission
and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3, as amended, with Commission file No. 333-282006 which registers
the sale of the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

3

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities, which was
filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing Common Stock). 

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in
United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Warrants,
which amounts shall be paid as and when such Warrants are exercised).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock are listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Transhare Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with an email address of kwhiteside@transhare.com,
and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

4

Warrants
means, collectively, the Prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto.

Warrant
Shares means the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $1,141,000 of Shares; provided, however, that, to the extent that
a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting
as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares such Purchaser may elect to purchase Warrants
in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date. Each Purchasers Subscription
Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment
settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants, if applicable,
as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable
at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices
of Pryor Cashman or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing
documentation. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment
(DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and
addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt
of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor
shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including
the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or
any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares),
such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to
be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver
any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder;
and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant
by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any Common Stock to any Person and that
any such decision to sell any Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such
sale, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto, the number of Shares purchased by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all other
Common Stock owned by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning (as determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock outstanding at the
Closing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to the extent it would
otherwise exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the issuance of Shares at
the Closing to the other Purchasers signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership of the Shares would
otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall automatically be reduced
as necessary in order to comply with this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined
in the Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after
the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Warrants) for purposes
hereunder.

5

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agent and the Purchasers;

(iii) subject
to Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed
by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject
to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited
basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) for
each Purchaser of Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of Common
Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Warrant divided by the Per Share Purchase Price
minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein; and

(vi) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company
or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the
Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case
they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all
respects) as of such date);

6

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

7

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) application(s) to each applicable
Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv)
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of Common
Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity
with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on October 24, 2024 (the Effective Date),
including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration
Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for
that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the
rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time
the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time
the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects
to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form
S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being
sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of
Form S-3.

9

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not issued any capital stock
since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under
the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase
plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar
right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the
Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever
relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to subscribe for or acquire, any Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital
stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue Common Stock
or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance
of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that
contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation
rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and
state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for
the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect
to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the
Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the
Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

10

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and
accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected
in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not
altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to
its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The
Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of
the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in the Sec Reports, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence
or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the
Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at
least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(l) Compliance.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event
has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary
under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits
issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as
described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

12

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the
rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the
Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports , the Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility
against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without
a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing
for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is
an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

13

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any
and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all
applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that:
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in
the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain
Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will
be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

14

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future
continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock are currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date
of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and
when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

15

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary
course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or
not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by
endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the
present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

16

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm
(i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial
statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. 

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the
Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the
value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. 
The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

17

(hh) [Reserved.]

(ii) Cybersecurity. 
(i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are
presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented
and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous
operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster
recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(jj) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, (i) the Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during
the last three (3) years were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations,
including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively,
Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps
reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection,
storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the
Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required
by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy
practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices,
as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone
number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information
which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal
data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or
his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual
orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive
in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in
a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has
received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation
by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part,
any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or
(iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that
imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

18

(kk) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(ll) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(nn) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) [Reserved.]

(qq) Jurisdiction.
The Company has the power to submit, and has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of any federal
or state court in the State of New York, County of New York, and has the power to designate, appoint and empower, and has legally, validly
and effectively designated, appointed and empowered, an agent for service of process in any suit or proceeding based on or arising under
this Agreement in any federal or state court in the State of New York.

19

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8),
(a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

20

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the
Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the
Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance
of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary
to such Purchaser.

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or
similar transactions in the future.

21

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Warrant
Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance
or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise
shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration
statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale
of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is
not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company
to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company
shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the
Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company
covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to
be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of
any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without
limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective
upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under
any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with
the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required
by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice
of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

22

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of,
such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice
provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Prospectus Supplement, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities
hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys
debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC
regulations.

23

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities,
obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,
by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the
Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i)
the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to
any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations made by a Purchaser Party in this Agreement
or the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount
thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained
herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities
the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares pursuant
to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

24

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading
Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares
and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market.
The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in
such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and
Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably
necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility
of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection
with such electronic transfer.

4.11 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration
statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection
with any employee benefit plan.

(b) From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or
varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities,
or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of
the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not
limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future
determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement
is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance,
which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance.

4.12 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of this Agreement) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of
the parties to this Agreement. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the
Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not
in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities
or otherwise.

25

4.13 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions
in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after
the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser
that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets
and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14 Capital
Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split of the
Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares and Warrants other than
a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the listing of the Common
Stock on the Trading Market.

4.15 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

26

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Warrants based on
the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or at least 50.1%
in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

27

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and covenants
of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement
is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of,
nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

28

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently
with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers
right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing
such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

29

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
Pryor Cashman. Pryor Cashman does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected
to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required
or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement
and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers
collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

Singularity future
Technology ltd. Address for Notice:

By: 

Name: Jia Yang E-Mail:

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Joan
Wu, Esq.

Hunter Taubman Fischer & Li LLC

950 Third Avenue, 19th Floor

New
York, NY, 10022

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

31

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SGLY
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Warrant Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership
Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed
to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be
an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or
the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022883501ex10-2_singular.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF THE PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

January 24, 2025

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

Ms. Jia (Sherry) Yang

Chief Executive Officer

48 Wall Street, Suite 1100

New York, NY 10005

Dear Ms. Yang:

This letter (the Agreement)
constitutes the agreement between Maxim Group LLC (Maxim or the Placement Agent) and Singularity
Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia company (the Company), pursuant to which the Placement Agent shall serve as the
placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed placement (the Placement)
of registered common stock, no par value (the Common Stock) and registered prefunded warrants to purchase Common Stock
(the Warrants, and the Common Stock underlying the Warrants, the Warrant Shares). The Common Stock,
the Warrants and the Warrant Shares shall mean the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not
apply to the Companys offering of Securities not involving any placement agent or underwriter. The terms of the Placement and the
Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the
Purchasers) and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent would have the power or authority to bind the Company
or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placement. This Agreement and the documents
executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with the Placement, including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement
(as defined below) and the Warrants shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The date
of the closing of the Placement shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this
Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful placement
of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agents with respect to securing any other financing on behalf
of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection
with the Placement.

The sale of the Securities
to any Purchaser will be evidenced by a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) between the Company
and such Purchaser in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Placement Agent. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, officers of the
Company will be available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in the event that Maxim determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder shall not comply with a FINRA rule, including,
but not limited to, FINRA Rule 5110, then the Company shall agree to amend this Agreement in writing upon the request of Maxim to comply
with any such rules; provided that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 2

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. Representations of the
Company. Each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants made by
the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement is hereby incorporated herein by reference into
this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to,
and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that:

1. The Company has prepared
and filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-282006), as amended (including the exhibits thereto,
the Registration Statement) registering the Common Stock, Warrants and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) for the registration of the Common Stock, Warrants and Warrant Shares and
the Registration Statement became effective on October 24, 2024. At the time of such filing, the Company met the requirements of Form
S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities Act
and complies with said Rule. The Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the rules
and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission promulgated thereunder, a supplement to the form of prospectus
included in such Registration Statement relating to the placement of the Securities and the plan of distribution thereof and has advised
the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set forth therein. Such
prospectus in the form in which it appears in the Registration Statement is hereinafter called the Base Prospectus;
and the supplemented form of prospectus, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (including
the Base Prospectus as so supplemented) is hereinafter called the Prospectus Supplement. Any reference in this Agreement
to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement shall each be deemed to refer to and include the documents
incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents) pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) on or before the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the
Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend,
amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement
shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue
date of the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references
in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included, described,
referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and
other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued, and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Companys
knowledge, is threatened by the Commission.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 3

2. The Registration Statement
(and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each
of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects
with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not and, as amended or supplemented, if
applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Registration Statement, Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, each
as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations.
Each of the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not
contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they
were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and
Regulations, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference
in the Base Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading; and any
further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, or Prospectus Supplement,
when such documents are filed with the Commission, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
applicable Rules and Regulations, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or
in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. There are no
documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed
as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. There are no contracts or other
documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, or Prospectus Supplement, or to be filed as exhibits
or schedules to the Registration Statement, which (x) have not been described or filed as required or (y) will not be filed within the
requisite time period.

3. The Company is eligible
to use free writing prospectuses in connection with the Placement pursuant to Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act. Any free writing
prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the
Commission in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
Each free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or that
was prepared by or behalf of or used by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Placement
Agent, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 4

4. There are no affiliations
with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater
shareholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and SEC Reports.

B. Covenants of the Company.
The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable deliver, to the Placement Agent complete conformed copies of the Registration
Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies of the Registration
Statement (without exhibits), the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended or supplemented,
in such quantities and at such places as the Placement Agent reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers
has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and
sale of the Securities pursuant to the Placement other than the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement,
the Registration Statement, copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein and any other materials permitted by the Securities
Act.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS
OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered
as a broker/dealer under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the States applicable to the offers
and sales of the Securities by such Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a body corporate validly existing under the laws of its place
of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement Agent
will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as such. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its
reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of
applicable law. Except as required by law or as contemplated by this agreement, Maxim will keep confidential all material nonpublic information,
including information regarding the Transaction contemplated hereunder, provided to it by the Company or its affiliates or advisors and
use such information only for the purposes contemplated herein.

SECTION 3. COMPENSATION.
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent, or its designees, the following
compensation with respect to the Securities which the Placement Agent is placing:

A. A cash fee (the Cash
Fee) equal to an aggregate of seven percent (7.0%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Placement. The Cash Fee shall
be paid to the Placement Agent at the Closing of the Placement.

B. Subject to compliance with
FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(A), the Company also agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent a reasonable out-of-pocket actual expenses of up to
$50,000 for all costs and expenses incurred by it or its affiliates in connection with the structuring, documentation, negotiation and
closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, any other reasonable fees and expenses
in connection with the structuring, documentation, negotiation and closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and due diligence and regulatory filings in connection therewith). The Company will reimburse the Placement Agent directly out of the
Closing of the Placement.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 5

C. Upon the Closing of a Placement,
for a period of twelve (12) months from the Closing (the Tail Period), if the Company decides to enter into another
placement using an underwriter, placement agent, agent, advisor, finder or other person or entity in connection with such placement, the
Company shall grant the Placement Agent the right of first refusal to act as sole managing underwriter and sole book runner, sole placement
agent, or sole sales agent for any and all future public or private equity, equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings
(each, a Subsequent Offering) undertaken during the Tail Period by the Company or any successor to or any subsidiary
of the Company. The Company shall provide the Placement Agent with written notice of its election to engage in a Subsequent Offering,
which notice shall describe the proposed terms and conditions of such Subsequent Offering. The Placement Agent shall notify the Company
within ten (10) business days of its receipt of the written offer contemplated above as to whether or not it agrees to accept such retention.
If the Placement Agent should decline such retention, the Company shall have no further obligation to the Placement Agent with respect
to such other Subsequent Offering, except as otherwise provided for herein. For avoidance of doubt, the Placement Agent acknowledges that
if the Company issues securities in any form of financing without the use of an agent or underwriter, such transaction shall not be deemed
a Subsequent Offering.

D. The Placement Agent reserves
the right to reduce any item of its compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination shall
be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof
require adjustment.

SECTION 4. INDEMNIFICATION.
The Company agrees to the indemnification and other agreements set forth in the Indemnification Provisions (the Indemnification)
attached hereto as Addendum A, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

SECTION 5. ENGAGEMENT
TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder shall be until the final closing date of the Placement (such date, the Termination
Date). If within twelve (12) months following the Termination Date, the Company completes any financing of equity, equity-linked,
convertible or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, investors that were contacted or introduced
by the Placement Agent to the Company, then the Company will pay to the Placement Agent upon the closing of such financing the compensation
set forth in Section 3 herein to the extent of the gross proceeds received. If the Company reasonably anticipates that the Placement Agent
may become entitled to payment as set forth in the preceding sentence, the Company shall use its best efforts to notify the Placement
Agent promptly of such possible payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality,
indemnification, contribution and the Companys obligations to pay fees and reimburse expenses contained in Section 3 herein and the Companys
obligations contained in the Indemnification Provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement for twelve (12) months,
irrespective of whether a closing occurs. All such fees and reimbursements due shall be paid to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination
Date (in the event such fees and reimbursements are earned or owed as of the Termination Date) or upon the closing of the Placement or
any applicable portion thereof (in the event such fees are due as of the Termination Date). The Placement Agent agrees not to use any
confidential information concerning the Company provided to them by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this
Agreement.

SECTION 6. PLACEMENT
AGENT INFORMATION. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if in the course of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence,
the Placement Agent deems it necessary to terminate this Agreement, the Placement Agent may do so at any time upon immediate written notice.
The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential
use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or
otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 6

SECTION 7. NO FIDUCIARY
RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not
a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification Provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity
holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder,
all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 8. CLOSING.
The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made
and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company and its Subsidiaries contained herein and in
the Purchase Agreement, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries made in any certificates pursuant to the
provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their obligations hereunder, and to each of the following
additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent.

A. No stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or
threatened by the Commission, and any request for additional information on the part of the Commission (to be included in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or otherwise) shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of
the Placement Agent. Any filings required to be made by the Company in connection with the Placement shall have been timely filed with
the Commission.

B. The Placement Agent shall
not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date that the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in the opinion of counsel
for the Placement Agent, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material and is required to
be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

C. All corporate proceedings
and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement, the Securities,
the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent, and
the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass
upon such matters.

D. The Placement Agent shall
have completed its due diligence investigation of the Company to the satisfaction of the Placement Agent and its counsel.

E. The Placement Agent shall
have received from outside counsels to the Company such counsels written opinions, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers
and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent; provided, however,
that the negative assurance letter will be only addressed to the Placement Agent.

F. On the Closing Date, the
Placement Agent shall have received a comfort letter from Audit Alliance LLP as of such date, addressed to the Placement Agent
and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent and Placement Agents counsel.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 7

G. On the Closing Date, Placement
Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated, as applicable, as of the date of such Closing,
to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the applicable date, the representations and warranties of the Company
contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement were and are accurate in all material respects, except for such changes as are contemplated
by this Agreement and except as to representations and warranties that were expressly limited to a state of facts existing at a time prior
to the applicable Closing Date, and that, as of the applicable date, the obligations to be performed by the Company hereunder on or prior
thereto have been fully performed in all material respects.

H. On the Closing Date, Placement
Agent shall have received a certificate of an Officer of the Company, dated, as applicable, as of the date of such Closing, certifying
to, among others, the organizational documents and board resolutions relating to the Placement of the Securities from the Company.

I. On the Closing Date, Placement
Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated, as applicable,
as of the date of such Closing, certifying to, the Companys eligibility to use the Registration Statement.

J. [Reserved.]

K. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries (i) shall have sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, any loss or interference with its business from fire,
explosion, flood, terrorist act or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental
action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, or (ii) since such date there shall not have been any change in the capital stock or long-term debt of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the business, general affairs, management,
financial position, stockholders equity, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, otherwise than as set
forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, the effect of which, in any
such case described in clause (i) or (ii), is, in the judgment of the Placement Agent, so material and adverse as to make it impracticable
or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus, and Prospectus Supplement.

L. The Companys Common Stock
are registered under the Exchange Act and, as of the Closing Date, the Company has submitted the notification of listing of additional
shares including the Common Stock and Warrant Shares issued as part of this Offering to the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national
exchange and has not received any information indicating that the such listing of the Common Stock and Warrant Shares will be rejected
and satisfactory evidence of such action shall have been provided to the Placement Agent. The Company shall have taken no action designed
to, or likely to have the effect of terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending
from trading the Common Stock issued hereunder from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company
received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating
terminating such registration or listing.

M. No action shall have been
taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental agency or body which would,
as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or
state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities
or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 8

N. The Company shall have prepared
and filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Placement, including as an exhibit thereto this Agreement.

O. The Company shall have entered
into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations,
warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed between the Company and the Purchasers.

P. FINRA shall have raised no
objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall, if requested
by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys behalf, any filing with the FINRA Corporate
Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the Placement and pay all filing fees required in connection therewith.

Q. Prior to the Closing Date,
the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents as the Placement Agent may
reasonably request.

If any of the conditions specified
in this Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or if any of the certificates, opinions, written
statements or letters furnished to the Placement Agent or to Placement Agents counsel pursuant to this Section 8 shall not be reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and to Placement Agents counsel, all obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder
may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the consummation of the Closing. Notice of such cancellation shall
be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION 9. GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent
of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct
in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or
into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for
itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof
via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action,
proceeding or counterclaim brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any other
courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. If either party shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of
such action or proceeding.

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 23, 2025

Page 9

SECTION 10. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement (including the attached Indemnification Provisions) embodies the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof, other than
that certain engagement letter entered into between the Company and the Placement Agent, dated September 3, 2024. If any provision of
this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other
respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise
modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties,
agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the closing of the Placement and delivery of the Securities. This Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need
not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature
shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force
and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

SECTION 11. CONFIDENTIALITY.
The Placement Agent (i) will keep the Confidential Information (as such term is defined below) confidential and will not (except as required
by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, regulation or legal process), without the Companys prior written consent, disclose to
any person any Confidential Information, and (ii) will not use any Confidential Information other than in connection with the Placement.
The Placement Agent further agrees to disclose the Confidential Information only to its Representatives (as such term is defined below)
who need to know the Confidential Information for the purpose of the Placement, and who are informed by the Placement Agent of the confidential
nature of the Confidential Information. The term Confidential Information shall mean, all confidential, proprietary
and non-public information (whether written, oral or electronic communications) furnished by the Company to a Placement Agent or its Representatives
in connection with such Placement Agents evaluation of the Placement. Information communicated orally or otherwise than in writing, shall
only be considered Confidential Information if such information is designated as being confidential at the time of disclosure (or promptly
thereafter) and is reduced in writing and identified to the Placement Agent as being Confidential Information immediately after the initial
disclosure. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include information which (i) is or becomes publicly
available other than as a result of a disclosure by a Placement Agent or its Representatives in violation of this Agreement, (ii) is or
becomes available to a Placement Agent or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a third-party, (iii) is known to
a Placement Agent or any of its Representatives prior to disclosure by the Company or any of its Representatives, (iv) is or has been
independently developed by a Placement Agent and/or the Representatives without use of any Confidential Information furnished to it by
the Company, or (v) is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable legal or regulatory authority. The term Representatives
shall mean each Placement Agents directors, board committees, officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys and accountants. This
provision shall be in full force until the earlier of (a) the date that the Confidential Information ceases to be confidential and (b)
two (2) years from the date hereof.

SECTION 12. NOTICES.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address
specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b) the next business day
after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on
a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third business day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice
is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 13. PRESS
ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, from and after any Closing, have the right to reference the
Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website and to
place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to Maxim the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

MAXIM GROUP LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

300 Park Ave., 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: James Siegel, General Counsel

Email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of the date first
written above:

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

By: 

Name: Jia Yang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

48 Wall Street, Suite 1100

New York, NY 10005

Attention: Jia Yang, CEO

[Signature Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

ADDENDUM A

INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

In connection with the engagement
of Maxim Group LLC (the Placement Agent) by Singularity Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia company pursuant to a placement
agency agreement dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement Agent, as it may be amended from time to time in writing
(the Agreement), the Company hereby agrees as follows:

1. To the extent permitted
by law, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and each of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and controlling persons
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to the Agreement, except, with regard to the Placement
Agent, to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment
(not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily and directly from the Placement Agents willful misconduct or gross
negligence in performing the services described herein, as the case may be.

2. Promptly after receipt
by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the Placement Agent
is entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement of such
action or proceeding, and the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent and will pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Placement Agent
will be entitled to employ counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the Placement
Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel
to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate
counsel will be paid by the Company. The Company will have the exclusive right to settle the claim or proceeding provided that the Company
will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably
withheld, unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of the Placement Agent from all liability on claims that are the
subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to
act by or on behalf of the Placement Agent.

3. The Company agrees to notify
the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding
relating to a transaction contemplated by the Agreement.

4. If for any reason the foregoing
indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then the Company shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent, as the case may be, as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand, and the Placement
Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such
losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect
of losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred
in defending any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of
the liability hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under
the Agreement (excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

5. These Indemnification Provisions
shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by the Agreement is completed and shall survive the
termination of the Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party
under the Agreement or otherwise.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com

Very truly yours,

MAXIM GROUP LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for notice:

300 Park Ave, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: James Siegel, General Counsel

Email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of the date first
written above:

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

By: 

Name: Jia Yang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

48 Wall Street, Suite 1100

New York, NY 10005

Attention: Jia Yang, CEO

[Signature Page to Indemnification Provisions
Pursuant to Placement Agency Agreement

between SGLY and Maxim Group LLC]

Members FINRA & SIPC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor * New York, NY 10022 * (212) 895-3500 * (800) 724-0761 * fax (212) 895-3783 * www.maximgrp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022883501ex99-1_singular.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE ON PRICING OF THE COMPANY'S OFFERING
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Singularity Announces
Pricing of $1.1 Million Registered Direct Offering

New York, N.Y., Jan. 24, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Singularity
Future Technology Ltd. (Nasdaq: SGLY) (Singularity or the Company), today announced that it has entered into
securities purchase agreements with several institutional investors to purchase an aggregate of 700,000 shares of the Companys
common stock (the Common Stock) in a registered direct offering. The shares of Common Stock are being sold at an offering
price of $1.63 per share.

The gross proceeds to the Company from the registered direct offering
are estimated to be approximately $1.1 million before deducting the placement agents fees and other estimated offering expenses
payable by the Company. The offering is expected to close on or about January 27, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions.

Maxim Group LLC is acting as the sole placement agent in connection
with the offering.

The Common Stock is being offered pursuant to a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-282006), which was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) on October 24, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement that forms a part of such registration
statement.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sales of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. A prospectus supplement relating to
the Common Stock will be filed by the Company with the SEC. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement relating to the registered
direct offering, together with the accompanying prospectus, can be obtained at the SECs website at www.sec.gov or from
Maxim Group LLC, 300 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Syndicate Department, or via email at syndicate@maximgrp.com or
telephone at (212) 895-3500.

About Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

The Company is a global logistics integrated solution provider that was founded in the United States in 2001. The Company primarily focuses
on providing freight logistics services, which mainly include shipping, warehouse, resources, equipment, and other logistical support
to steel companies and e-commerce businesses.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact in this press release
are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, the use of proceeds from the Companys offering, the intent, belief
or current expectations of Singularity and members of its management, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. These
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on current expectations and projections about
future events and financial trends that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy
and financial needs. Investors can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as may, will,
expect, anticipate, aim, estimate, intend, plan, believe,
potential, continue, is/are likely to or other similar expressions. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations,
except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results
may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results
in the Companys registration statement and in its other filings with the SEC.

For more information, please contact:

IR@singularity.us

Phone number: 718-888-1814
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sgly-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>sgly-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>sgly-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34024

Entity Registrant Name SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD.

Entity Central Index Key 0001422892

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-3588546

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code VA

Entity Address, Address Line One 48
Wall Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1100

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10005

City Area Code 718

Local Phone Number 888-1814

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, no par value

Trading Symbol SGLY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://singularity.us/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228835-8k_singular.htm 
sgly-20250124.xsd 
sgly-20250124_lab.xml 
sgly-20250124_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-007014-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ea0228835-8k_singular_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001422892 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001422892 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 
VA 
001-34024 
11-3588546 
48 Wall Street 
Suite 1100 
New York 
NY 
10005 
718 
888-1814 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, no par value 
SGLY 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>