<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001462418-25-000019.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0001462418-25-000019.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224164256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001462418-25-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001462418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			N4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34354
		FILM NUMBER:		25657755

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		33, BOULEVARD PRINCE HENRI
		STREET 2:		L-1724 LUXEMBOURG CITY
		CITY:			GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			50
		BUSINESS PHONE:		352 24 69 79 00

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		33, BOULEVARD PRINCE HENRI
		STREET 2:		L-1724 LUXEMBOURG CITY
		CITY:			GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			50

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.a.r.l.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090422
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>asps-20250218.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?asps-20250218

0001462418false12/3100014624182025-02-182025-02-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):February 18, 2025

ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

Luxembourg 001-34354 98-0554932 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

33, Boulevard Prince Henri

L-1724Luxembourg

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

(Address of principal executive offices including zip code)

+3522060 2055

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value ASPS NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying 

with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

To the extent required by Item 3.03 of Form 8-K, the information contained in Item 5.03 herein is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On February 18, 2025, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary General Meeting) before a Luxembourg notary public for the purposes of amending the Companys articles of association (the Amended Articles), which implemented two amendments (collectively, the Amendments and each an Amendment) to the Companys prior Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Prior Articles), which Amendments were approved by the Companys shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting, as previously disclosed by the Company on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2025. 

The first Amendment amended Article 5 of the Prior Articles to (i) cancel the nominal value of all existing shares of Altisources common stock (the Common Stock), and (ii) decrease the par value of the Common Stock from US$1.00 per share to US$0.01 per share through a decrease of the share capital of the Company by an amount of thirty million four hundred and seventy-seven thousand fifty-seven and ninety-three cents United States Dollars (US$30,477,057.93) without cancellation of shares of Common Stock, in order to bring the share capital of the Company from former amount of thirty million seven hundred eighty-four thousand nine hundred seven United States Dollars (US$30,784,907) to an amount of three hundred and seven thousand eight hundred forty-nine and seven cents United States Dollars (US$307,849.07) represented by thirty million seven hundred and eighty-four thousand nine hundred seven (30,784,907) shares of the Companys common stock without designation of nominal value, and by allocating thirty million four hundred and seventy-seven thousand fifty-seven and ninety-three cents United States Dollars (US$30,477,057.93) derived from the share capital decrease to the share premium account of the Company. 

The second Amendment increased the number of shares the board of directors of Altisource (the Board) is authorized to issue from 100,000,000 to 250,000,000 and renewed the authority of the Board to issue shares by (i) amending Article 6 of the Prior Articles to renew and amend the authorization of the Board to (a) issue shares of Common Stock, within the limits of Altisources authorized share capital of up to two million and five hundred thousand United States Dollars (US$2,500,000) divided into two hundred fifty million (250,000,000) shares of the Companys common stock without nominal value and, (b) issue any warrants, options, or other similar instruments exercisable into shares and rights to subscribe for shares and set the terms and conditions of these instruments, each for a term of five years and, in connection with any such issuance, to limit or cancel the preferential subscription rights of shareholders, and (ii) acknowledging receipt of the report issued by the Board pursuant to article 420-26 (5) of the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended.

The foregoing description of the Amended Articles does not purport to be complete, and such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Articles filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 24, 2025

Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. 

By: /s/ Michelle D. Esterman 

Name: Michelle D. Esterman 

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>altisourceportfoliosolutio.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 3.1

Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A.

Socit anonyme

Sige social: 33, Boulevard Prince Henri, L-1724 Luxembourg

R.C.S. Luxembourg: B 72 391

"Chapter I. Form, Corporate Name, Registered Office, Object, Duration

Art. 1. Form, Corporate Name. There is established among the subscriber(s), and all those who may become owners of the shares of the company hereafter issued, a company in the form of a public limited liability company (socit anonyme) (the "Company") which will be governed by the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, in particular the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the "Law"), Article 1832 of the Luxembourg Civil Code, as amended (the Civil Code), and by the present articles of incorporation (the "Articles"). 

The Company will exist under the name of "Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A."

Art. 2. Registered Office. The Company has its registered office in the city of Luxembourg. The Board of Directors (as defined in Article 11) is authorized to change the address of the Company's registered office within the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and amend these Articles accordingly. 

Branches or other offices may be established either in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by resolution of the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors determines that extraordinary political, economic or social developments occur or are imminent that would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered office or with the ease of communications with such office or between such office and persons abroad, it may temporarily transfer the registered office abroad, until the complete cessation of these abnormal circumstances. Such temporary measures will have no effect on the nationality of the Company, which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of the registered office, will remain a company governed 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

by the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. Such temporary measures will be taken and notified to any interested parties by one of the bodies or persons entrusted with the daily management of the Company.

Art. 3. Corporate Object. The object of the Company is the acquisition, the continuing management and the sale of participating interests, in any form whatsoever, in Luxembourg and in foreign undertakings, in particular in the areas of outsourcings, customer relationship management and technology services in the real estate, mortgage and consumer finance industries. The Company may also hold, manage and exploit intellectual property rights and render services to other group companies and third parties. 

The Company may (i) invest in and acquire, dispose of, grant or retain, loans, bonds and other debt instruments, shares, warrants and other equity instruments or rights, including, but not limited to, shares of capital stock, limited partnership interests, limited liability company interests, notes, debentures, preferred stock, convertible securities and swaps, and any combination of the foregoing, in each case whether readily marketable or not, and obligations (including but not limited to synthetic securities obligations) in any type of company, entity or other legal person; (ii) engage in such other activities as the Company deems necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to or not inconsistent with the foregoing; and (iii) grant pledges, guarantees and contracts of indemnity, of any kind, to Luxembourg or foreign entities in respect of its own or any other person's obligations and debts.

The Company may also acquire, hold, manage and sell any movable or immovable assets of any kind or form. In a general fashion the Company may carry out any commercial, industrial or financial operation which it may deem useful in the accomplishment and development of its object.

The Company may also provide any financial assistance to the undertakings in which the Company has a participating interest or which form a part of the group of companies to which the Company belongs, including, but not limited to, the granting of loans and the providing of 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

guarantees or securities in any form. The Company may pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise create security over some or all of its assets.

In addition, the Company may render on an occasional basis assistance in any form (including, but not limited to, advances, loans, credits, guarantees or grants of security) to third parties other than the group of companies to which the Company belongs, subject to the condition that such assistance falls within the Company's best interest and subject to the condition that such assistance would not trigger any license requirements on the part of the Company. The Company may participate in the creation, development, management and control of any companies or enterprises, either directly or indirectly, which have similar objects or whose objects are closely related to its own.

In a general fashion, the Company may carry out any commercial, industrial or financial operation and engage in such other activities as the Company deems necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to, or not inconsistent with, the accomplishment and development of the foregoing.

Art. 4. Duration. The Company is formed for an unlimited duration. 

Chapter II. Share Capital, Shares

Art. 5. Share Capital. The share capital of the Company is set at three hundred and seven thousand eight hundred forty-nine and seven cents United States Dollars (USD 307,849.07) represented by thirty million seven hundred and eighty-four thousand nine hundred seven (30,784,907) shares of the Companys common stock without designation of nominal value. As used in the present Articles, Shares means shares of the Companys common stock without nominal value.

In addition to the share capital, share premium accounts into which any premium paid on any Share in addition to its par value may be transferred and capital contribution accounts (compte 115, Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres) may be established. The Board of Directors is authorized to allocate all or part of the share premium accounts and capital 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

contribution accounts paid in on the Shares issued by the Company to one or both of the following from time to time as it deems appropriate: 

a distributable reserve to be used for distributions of any kind to be made by the Company;

a special reserve as foreseen by Articles 430-18, 430-22 and 461-2 of the Law.In addition to the share capital, share premium accounts into which any premium paid on any Share in addition to its par value may be transferred and capital contribution accounts (compte 115, Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres) may be established. The Board of Directors is authorized to allocate all or part of the share premium accounts and capital contribution accounts paid in on the Shares issued by the Company to one or both of the following from time to time as it deems appropriate: 

a distributable reserve to be used for distributions of any kind to be made by the Company;

a special reserve as foreseen by Articles 430-18, 430-22 and 461-2 of the Law. 

Art. 6. Authorized Share Capital. The authorized share capital is set at two million and five hundred thousand United States Dollars (USD 2,500,000) divided into two hundred fifty million (250,000,000) shares of the Companys common stock without nominal value The Board of Directors is authorized, during a period ending five (5) years after the date of publication of the minute of the extraordinary general meeting of 18 February 2025 in the electronic gazette RESA (Recueil Electronique des Socits et Associations) to:

Realize any increase of the issued share capital within the limits of the authorized share capital in one or several times, by the issuing of new Shares, grant of options, warrants or other similar instruments exercisable into Shares, rights to subscribe for Shares against payment in cash or in kind; by conversion of claims; by the increase of the par value of existing Shares; or in any other manner to be decided by the Board of Directors up to an 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

amount of two million and five hundred thousand United States Dollars (USD 2,500,000). 

Issue any warrants, options, or other similar instruments exercisable into shares, rights to subscribe for shares and set the terms and conditions of these instruments.

Determine the terms and conditions of any increase of the issued share capital, including, but not limited to, the place and date of the issue or the successive issues, the issue price, the amount of new Shares to be issued, whether the new Shares are to be issued and subscribed, with or without an issue premium and the terms and conditions of the subscription of and paying up of the new Shares (in cash or in kind or by incorporation of available reserves or funds available on the capital contribution account (compte 115 "Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres"), share premium account or retained earnings). If the consideration payable to the Company for newly issued Shares exceeds the par value of those Shares, the excess is to be treated as share premium in respect of the Shares in the books of the Company. 

Limit or waive the preferential subscription right reserved to the then existing shareholder(s) in case of issue of Shares against payment in cash, by the issue of Shares up to an amount not to exceed the authorized share capital and by cancelling or limiting the existing shareholders preferential right to subscribe to such Shares in relation to the employee share option scheme program of the Company. 

Do all things necessary to amend Articles 5 and 6 of the Articles in order to record the change of the issued share capital following any increase pursuant to the present Article. The Board of Directors is empowered to take or authorize the actions required for the execution and publication of such amendment in accordance with the Law. Furthermore, the Board of Directors may delegate to any duly authorized Director (as defined in Article 11) or officer of the Company, to an appointed committee thereof or to any other duly authorized person, the duties of accepting subscriptions and receiving 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

payment for Shares or doing all things necessary to amend Articles 5 and 6 of the present Articles in order to record the change of share capital following any increase pursuant to the present Article.

After each increase of the issued share capital according to the above, the present Articles shall be amended to reflect such increase without requiring further approval from the Companys shareholders.

Art. 7. Shares. The Shares will take the form of registered shares. The shareholders shall not have the right to ask for the conversion of Shares into bearer shares. 

A shareholders' register will be available for inspection by the Companys shareholders at the Companys registered office subject to the provisions of Article 430-3 of the Law and upon reasonable notice. Each shareholder shall have the right to consult the register during normal business hours in accordance with the provisions of the Law. Each shareholder will notify the Company of its address and any change thereto by registered letter. The Company will be entitled to rely on the last address thus communicated. Ownership of Shares will result from the recordings in said register.

Any person who is required to report ownership of Shares on Schedule 13D or 13G pursuant to Rule 13d-1 or changes in such ownership pursuant to Rule 13d-2, each as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, must notify the Company's Board of Directors promptly following any reportable acquisition or disposition, and in no event later than the filing date of such Schedule 13D or 13G, of the proportion of Shares held by the relevant person as a result of the acquisition or disposal. 

Any transfer of Shares shall be recorded in the share register in accordance with applicable law. The Board of Directors may delegate its powers with respect to the recording of such transfers in the share register.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Each Share is indivisible. In case of holding of a Share by more than one person, the Company has the right to suspend the rights attaching thereto (except for the information rights provided for by Article 461-6 of the Law) until one sole person has been designated as being the holder thereof towards the Company.

Where Shares are recorded in the register of shareholders on behalf of one or more persons in the name of a securities settlement system or the operator of such a system or in the name of a professional depository of securities or any other depository (such systems, professionals or other depositories being referred to hereinafter as "Depositories" and each a "Depository") or of a sub-depository designated by one or more Depositories (the "Indirect Holders"), the Company, subject to its having received from the Depository with which those Shares are kept in account a certificate in proper form, will permit the Indirect Holders to exercise the rights attaching to those Shares, including admission to and voting at shareholders' meetings, and shall consider those persons to be the shareholders for the purposes of Article 9. The Board of Directors may determine the formal requirements with which such certificates must comply.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will make payments, by way of dividends or otherwise, in cash, Shares or other assets only into the hands of the Depository or sub-depository recorded in the share register of the Company or in accordance with their instructions, and that payment shall release the Company from any and all obligations for such payment.

Art. 8. Payment of Shares. Payments on Shares not fully paid up at the time of subscription may be made at the time and upon conditions which the Board of Directors shall from time to time determine subject to the Law. Any amount called up on Shares will be charged equally on all outstanding Shares which are not fully paid up. 

Art. 9. Increase and Reduction of the Share Capital. The issued share capital and the authorized share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced once or several times by a resolution of the general meeting of 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

shareholders voting with the quorum and majority rules set out under these Articles or, as the case may be, by the Law for any amendment of these Articles. Unless issued pursuant to a decision of the Board of Directors or any duly authorized representative thereof, further to the powers granted to the Board of Directors, under Articles 5 and 6, the new Shares to be subscribed for by contribution in cash will be offered in preference to the existing shareholders in proportion to the part of the share capital held by these shareholders. The Board of Directors shall determine the period within which the preferred subscription right may be exercised. This period may not be less than thirty (30) days.

Notwithstanding the above, the general meeting, voting with the quorum and majority rules required for any amendment of the Articles, may limit or withdraw the preferential subscription right or authorize the Board of Directors to do so in the case of an increase of share capital within the authorized share capital.

The preferred subscription right may also be waived individually by the shareholders, or by the general meeting, voting with the same conditions of quorum and majority as for amendments of the Articles and provided that the suppression of the preferred subscription right is specifically referred to in the shareholders notice to attend.

The preferred subscription right is not applicable when the share capital is increased by means of contributions in kind.

Art. 10. Acquisition or Redemption of Own Shares. The Company may acquire or redeem its own Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Law. It may hold the Shares so acquired or redeemed. As used in this Article 10, Own Shares means Shares acquired or redeemed and held by the Company.

The voting rights of Own Shares are suspended and are not taken into account in the determination of the quorum and majority for shareholders' meetings. The Board of Directors is authorized to suspend the dividend rights attached to Own Shares. In such case, the Board of Directors may freely 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

decide on the distributable profits in accordance with Article 430-18 of the Law.

Chapter III. Directors, Board of Directors, Statutory Auditors

Art. 11. Board of Directors. The Company is managed by a board of directors (the "Board of Directors") composed of at least three (3) and of maximum seven (7) members (each a Director) who need not be shareholders. 

The Director(s) shall be appointed by the general meeting of shareholders. The general meeting of shareholders will determine their number and the duration of their mandate for a term not exceeding six (6) years, and they will hold office until their successors are elected. Director(s) may be re-elected for successive terms, and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders. 

If a corporate entity is appointed as Director, it shall designate a natural person as its permanent representative, who will represent the corporate entity as a member of the Board of Directors, in accordance with Article 441-3 of the Law. In the event of a vacancy on the Board of Directors, if applicable, the remaining Director(s) may meet and may elect a director to fill such vacancy on a provisional basis until the next meeting of shareholders.

Art. 12. Meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors will appoint from among its members a chairman (the "Chairman"). It may also appoint a corporate secretary, who need not be a Director and who will be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors and of the shareholder(s) (the "Secretary"). If the Secretary is not a Director, such person shall observe the confidentiality provisions as set forth in Article 15 under the responsibility of the Board of Directors.

The Board of Directors will meet upon call by the Chairman. A meeting of the Board of Directors must be convened if any two Directors so require.

The Chairman will preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the shareholders, except that in his or her absence the Board of Directors 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

may appoint another Director and the general meeting of shareholders may appoint any other person as chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority present or represented at such meeting.

Except in cases of urgency or with the prior consent of all those entitled to attend, at least twenty-four (24) hours written notice of board meetings shall be given. Any such notice shall specify the place, the date and time of the meeting as well as the agenda and the nature of the business to be transacted.

The notice may be waived by unanimous written consent given at the meeting by all Directors. No separate notice is required for meetings held at times and places specified in a schedule previously adopted by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held in the location indicated in the notice of meeting.

Any Director may act at any meeting of the Board of Directors by appointing in writing another Director as his or her proxy.

A quorum of the Board of Directors or any of its Committees (as defined in Article 16) shall mean the presence or the representation of at least fifty percent (50%) of the Directors or Committee members, as applicable, holding office (provided that the presence or the representation of at least two (2) members of the Board of Directors or Committee, as applicable, shall be required). 

Decisions will be taken by a majority of the votes of the Directors present or represented at such meeting. In case of a voting tie, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote.

One or more Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference call, by videoconference or by any similar means of communication enabling several persons participating therein to simultaneously communicate with each other. Such meetings shall be considered equivalent to a meeting held at the registered office of the Company.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Where time is of the essence, a written decision passed by circular means and expressed by cable, facsimile or any other similar means of communication, signed by all the Directors, is proper and valid as though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors which was duly convened and held. Such a decision can be documented in a single document or in several separate documents having the same content and each of them signed by one or several Directors.

The Directors assume, pursuant to their mandate, no personal liability for any commitment validly made by them in the name of the Company.

Art. 13. Minutes of Meetings of the Board of Directors. The minutes of any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be signed by all Directors present and able to vote at the meeting. Any proxies will remain attached thereto. 

Copies or extracts thereof shall be certified by the Secretary appointed by the Board of Directors.

Art. 14. General Powers of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is vested with the broadest powers to act on behalf of the Company and to perform or authorize all acts of an administrative or disposal nature that are necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company's object. All powers not expressly reserved by the Law or by these Articles to the general meeting of shareholders fall within the competence of the Board of Directors. 

The Board of Directors may freely decide to reimburse any share premium account or any available reserves or funds available on the capital contribution account (compte 115, Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres) of the Company to its shareholders, in accordance with the provisions of the Law.

Art. 15. Confidentiality. Even after the end of their term of office, the Directors shall not disclose information about the Company which could be detrimental to the Company's interests, except when disclosure is required by law, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Article 444-6 of the Law.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Art. 16. Committees, Delegation of Powers. The Board of Directors may appoint committees, including, but not limited to, an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Nomination and Governance Committee, a Compliance Committee and a Compensation Committee (each a Committee and collectively, the Committees). The Board of Directors will determine each such committees composition and purpose in accordance with applicable law, rules and regulations. 

The Board of Directors may delegate its powers to conduct the daily management and affairs of the Company and the representation of the Company for such daily management and affairs to any member or members of the Board of Directors, managers or other officers who need not be shareholders of the Company, including under the form of an Executive Committee, under such terms and with such powers as the Board of Directors shall determine. 

The Board of Directors may also delegate its powers to conduct daily management to a management committee or a managing executive officer (directeur gnral) in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Article 441-11 of the Law. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine the conditions of their appointment, removal, remuneration (if any), duration of mandate and decision-making process. The Board of Directors shall supervise the management committee, if any, and the management director, if any. The members of the management committee and management director, if any, shall comply with the conflicts of interest procedure provided for by Article 441-12 of the Law as well as with the confidentiality obligations provided for by Article 444-6 of the Law.

The Board of Directors may also confer certain special powers and duties to any member(s) of the Board of Directors or any other person(s), who need not be a Director or shareholder of the Company, acting alone or jointly, under such terms as the Board shall determine. 

If the Board of Directors delegates its powers to conduct daily management as permitted by these Articles, then the Board of Directors must 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

report each year to the annual general meeting on the salary, fees and any advantages granted to the delegate(s).

Art. 17. Representation of the Company. The Company will be bound towards third parties by:

The joint signature of any two Directors; 

The individual signature of the member(s) of a management committee, if such committee has been formed by the Board of Directors; and

The signature of a management director, if one has been appointed by the Board of Directors;

The individual signature of any other person to whom the Board has delegated the daily management of the Company in accordance with this Article, and then only within the scope of the daily management;

The individual signature of any person(s) to whom signing authority has been delegated by the Board of Directors.

Art. 18. Conflict of Interests. No contract or other transaction between the Company and any other company or firm shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or more of the Directors or officers of the Company have a personal interest in, or are a director, associate, member, officer or employee of such other company or firm. Except as otherwise provided for hereafter, any Director or officer of the Company who serves as a director, associate, member, officer or employee of any company or firm with which the Company shall contract or otherwise engage in business shall not, by reason of such affiliation with such other company or firm, be automatically prevented from considering and voting or acting upon any matters with respect to such contract or other business. 

Notwithstanding the above, in the event that any Director or officer of the Company has any personal interest in any transaction of the Company, other than transactions concluded under normal conditions and falling within the scope of the day-to-day management of the Company, he or she shall make known to the Board of Directors (if any) such personal interest and shall not consider or vote on any such transaction, and such transaction and 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

such Director's or officer's interest therein shall be reported to the next general meeting of shareholders.

The Company shall indemnify (or as the case may be advance to) any Director or officer, and his or her heirs, executors and administrators, against expenses and costs (including reasonable lawyers' fees) reasonably incurred by him in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which he or she may be made a party by reason of his or her being or having been a director or officer of the Company, or, at the request of the Company, of any other company of which the Company is a shareholder or creditor and by which he is not entitled to be indemnified, except in relation to matters as to which he or she shall be finally adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding to be liable for gross negligence or wilful misconduct; in the event of a settlement, indemnification shall be provided only in connection with such matters covered by the settlement as to which the Company is advised by its legal counsel that the person to be indemnified did not commit such a breach of duty. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not exclude other rights to which he or she may be entitled.

Art. 19. Auditors.The Companys operations will be overseen by one or more supervisory auditors (commissaire(s) aux comptes) and, to the extent required by applicable law, rules and regulations, by one or more independent statutory auditors (rviseur(s) d'entreprises).

The auditors will be elected by the general meeting of shareholders by a simple majority of votes present or represented at the meeting, which will determine their number, for a period not exceeding six years. They will hold office until their successors are elected. They shall be eligible for re-election, but they may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a resolution adopted by a simple majority of votes present or represented at the meeting. 

Chapter IV. Meetings of Shareholders

Art. 20. Annual General Meeting. The annual general meeting will be held in accordance with provisions of Article 450-8 of the Law at the registered office of the Company or at such other place as may be specified in 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

the convening notice and at such time as specified in the convening notice of the meeting.

If such day is a public holiday, the meeting will be held on the next following business day.

Art. 21. Other General Meetings of Shareholders. The Board of Directors may convene other general meetings. Such meetings must be convened if shareholders representing at least ten percent (10%) of the Company's share capital so require in writing with an indication of the agenda of the upcoming meeting. If the general meeting is not held within one month of the scheduled date, it may be convened by an agent designated by the presiding judge of the Tribunal d'Arrondissement dealing with commercial matters and hearing interim relief matters, upon the request of one or more shareholders representing the ten percent (10%) threshold. General meetings of shareholders, including the annual general meeting, may be held abroad if, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, circumstances of force majeure so require.

Art. 22. Powers of the Meeting of Shareholders. Any regularly constituted general meeting of shareholders of the Company represents the entire body of shareholders. 

Subject to all the other powers reserved to the Board of Directors or by the Law or the Articles, the general meeting of shareholders has the broadest powers to adopt, carry out or ratify any act relating to the operations of the Company.

The shareholders shall neither participate in nor interfere with the management of the Company.

In accordance with the provisions of Article 450-1 (8), paragraph 1 of the Law, the Board of Directors shall be authorized to suspend the voting rights of the shareholders who fail to comply with their obligations under these Articles or the provisions of any agreement which may be entered into among the shareholders from time to time.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Art. 23. Procedure, Vote. The general meeting of shareholders will meet upon call by the Board of Directors or the auditor(s) made in compliance with Luxembourg law and the present Articles. 

The record date for general meetings shall be set by the Board of Directors before the date of the general meeting (the "Record Date"). 

Shareholders shall notify the Company of their intention to participate in the general meeting in writing by post or electronic means at the postal or electronic address indicated in the convening notice, no later than the day determined by the Board of Directors, which may not be earlier than the Record Date, indicated in the convening notice.

The documents required to be submitted to the shareholders in connection with the general meeting shall be posted on the Company's corporate website or available for inspection at the Companys registered offices, as may be required by applicable law. 

The convening notice sent to the shareholders in accordance with the Law will specify the time and place of the meeting as well as the agenda and the nature of the business to be transacted.

A shareholder may act at any meeting of shareholders by appointing in writing, whether in original or by electronic means (valid under Luxembourg law), as his or her proxy another person who need not be a shareholder and by notifying such appointment by post or by electronic means at the postal or electronic address indicated in the convening notice.

The Board of Directors may determine all other conditions that must be fulfilled in order to take part in a general meeting of shareholders.

Except as otherwise required by the Law or by the present Articles, all other resolutions will be taken by a simple majority of votes irrespective of the number of Shares present or represented at the meeting.

When organizing a general meeting, the Board of Directors may in its sole discretion allow the following forms of participation by electronic means: (i) real time transmission of the general meeting; (ii) real time two-way communication enabling shareholders to address the general meeting 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

from a remote location; or (iii) a mechanism for casting votes, whether before or during the general meeting, without the need to appoint a proxyholder physically present at the meeting.

The Board of Directors may also determine that shareholders may vote from a remote location by correspondence, by completing a voting form provided by the Company which includes the following information: 

The name, address and any other pertinent information concerning the shareholder.

The number of votes the shareholder wishes to cast, the direction of his or her votes, or his or her abstention.

The agenda of the meeting including the draft of resolutions.

The option to vote by proxy for any new resolution or any modification of the resolutions properly submitted to the general meeting between the date the shareholder submits his or her form through the meeting date.

The signature of the shareholder.

A shareholder using a voting form and who is not directly recorded in the register of shareholders must annex to the voting form a confirmation of his or her shareholding as of the Record Date as provided in these Articles. Once submitted to the Company, voting forms can neither be retrieved nor cancelled, except that if a shareholder has included a proxy to vote in the circumstances contemplated in the fourth bullet point above, then the shareholder may cancel such proxy or give new voting instructions with regard to the relevant items by written notice as described in the convening notice, before the date specified in the voting form.

Any shareholder who participates in a general meeting of the Company by the forgoing means shall be deemed to be present, shall be counted when determining a quorum and shall be entitled to vote on all agenda items of the general meeting. 

The Board of Directors may adopt any regulations and rules concerning the participation of shareholders at general meetings in 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

accordance with the Law, including with respect to ensuring the identification of shareholders and proxyholders and the safety of electronic communications. 

Any resolution whose purpose is to amend the present Articles, to change the nationality or whose adoption is subject by virtue of these Articles or, as the case may be, the Law to the quorum and majority rules set for the amendment of the Articles will be taken by two-thirds of shareholders representing at least half of the issued share capital of the Company.

The commitments of the shareholders may be increased only with the unanimous consent of the shareholders. 

Shareholders representing at least ten percent (10%) of the Company's share capital may request in writing that additional items be included on the agenda of any general meeting. Such request shall be addressed to the registered office of the Company by registered letter at least five (5) days before the date on which the general meeting shall be held.

If all the shareholders are present or represented at a general meeting of shareholders and if they state that they have been informed of the agenda of the meeting, the meeting may be held without prior notice. 

One vote is attached to each Share.

Copies or extracts of the minutes of the resolutions passed by the general meeting of shareholders shall be certified by the Chairman or by the Secretary.

Chapter V. Financial Year, Distribution of Profits

Art. 24. Financial Year. The Company's financial year begins on the first day of the month of January and ends on the last day of the month of December every year.

Art. 25. Adoption of Financial Statements. At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and the Board of Directors draws up an inventory of assets and liabilities, the balance sheet and the profit and loss account, in accordance with the Law. 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

The balance sheet and the profit and loss account are submitted to the general meeting of shareholders for approval.

Art. 26. Appropriation of Profits. From the annual net profits of the Company, five percent (5%) shall be allocated to the reserve required by the Law. That allocation will cease to be required as soon and as long as such reserve amounts to ten percent (10%) of the issued share capital of the Company. 

Upon recommendation of the Board of Directors, the general meeting of shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the annual net profits will be disposed. It may decide to allocate the whole or part of the remainder to a reserve or to a provision reserve, to carry it forward to the next following financial year or to distribute it to the shareholder(s) as dividends.

Subject to the conditions fixed by the Law and these Articles, the Board of Directors may pay interim dividends. The Board of Directors fixes the amount and the date of payment of any such interim dividends. Any share premium, assimilated premiums and other distributable reserves may be freely distributed to the shareholders (also via an interim dividend) by a resolution of the shareholders or the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of the Law and these Articles.

Chapter VI. Dissolution, Liquidation of the Company

Art. 27. Dissolution, Liquidation. Upon the affirmative proposal of the Board of Directors, the Company may be dissolved by a decision of the general meeting of shareholders voting with the same quorum and majority as for the amendment of these Articles, unless otherwise provided by the Law. 

Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried out by one or more liquidators (who may be physical persons or legal entities) appointed by the general meeting of shareholders, which will determine their powers and their compensation.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

After payment of all the debts of and charges against the Company and of the expenses of liquidation, the net assets shall be distributed equally to the shareholders pro rata to the number of the Shares held by them.

Application for dissolution of the Company for just cause may however be made to the court. Except in the case of dissolution by court order, dissolution of the Company may take place only pursuant to a resolution adopted by the shareholders' meeting in accordance with Articles 22 and 23.

Chapter VII. Applicable Law

Art. 28. Applicable Law. All matters not governed by these Articles shall be determined in accordance with applicable Luxembourg Law.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE :

"Chapitre I er . Forme, Dnomination Sociale, Sige, Objet, Dure 

Art. 1 er . Forme, Dnomination Sociale. Il est form par le(s) souscripteur(s) et toutes les personnes qui pourraient devenir dtenteurs des actions de la socit mises ci-aprs, une socit sous la forme d'une socit anonyme (la "Socit") rgie par les lois du Grand-Duch de Luxembourg, notamment par la loi du 10 aot 1915 concernant les socits commerciales, telle que modifie (la "Loi"), par l'article 1832 du Code Civil luxembourgeois, tel que modifi (le "Code Civil"), ainsi que par les prsents statuts (les "Statuts"). 

La Socit existe sous la dnomination "Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A."

Art. 2. Sige Social. Le sige social est tabli la ville de Luxembourg. Le Conseil d'Administration (tel que dfini l'article 11), est autoris changer l'adresse du sige social de la Socit au sein du Grand-Duch de Luxembourg et modifier ces Statuts en consquence.

Des succursales ou autres bureaux peuvent tre tablis soit au Grand-Duch de Luxembourg, soit l'tranger par une dcision du Conseil d'Administration. Si le Conseil d'Administration dtermine que des vnements extraordinaires d'ordre politique, conomique ou social sont de nature compromettre l'activit normale de la socit au sige social ou la 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

communication aise avec ce sige ou entre ce sige et des personnes l'tranger ou que de tels vnements sont imminents, il pourra transfrer temporairement le sige social l'tranger jusqu' cessation complte de ces circonstances anormales. Ces mesures provisoires n'auront aucun effet sur la nationalit de la Socit, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert provisoire du sige, restera rgie par la loi du Grand-Duch de Luxembourg. Ces mesures temporaires seront prises et notifies aux parties intresses par un des organes ou personnes en charge de la gestion journalire de la Socit.

Art. 3. Objet. La Socit a pour objet la prise de participations directes ou indirectes, la gestion continue et la vente de ces participations, sous n'importe quelle forme, dans toutes entreprises luxembourgeoises et trangres, en particulier dans les domaines de l'outsourcing, la gestion de relation clientle et les services de technologie dans l'immobilier, les hypothques et les industries des services financiers au consommateur ainsi que l'administration, la gestion et la mise en valeur de ces participations. La Socit peut aussi dtenir, grer et exploiter les droits de proprit intellectuelle et prester des services d'autres socits du groupe et des tiers. 

La Socit peut (i) investir, acqurir, vendre, octroyer ou mettre des prts, des obligations ou autres instruments de dettes, des actions, des bons de souscription et autres instruments de capital incluant sans s'y limiter des actions, prts, obligations, reconnaissances de dettes et autres formes de dettes, actions de capital-actions, participations dans une association (limited partnership), participations dans une socit responsabilit limite (limited liability company), effets, dbentures, actions prfrentielles, valeurs mobilires et swaps et toute combinaison de ce qui prcde, qu'ils soient facilement ralisables ou non, ainsi que des engagements (incluant mais non limit des engagements relatives des valeurs synthtiques) de socits, entits ou autres personnes juridiques de tout type; (ii) s'engager dans d'autres activits que la Socit juge ncessaires, souhaitables, utiles, accessoires ou non incompatibles avec ce qui prcde; et (iii) accorder des 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

gages, des garanties et des contrats d'indemnisation, de toute nature, des entits luxembourgeoises ou aux entits trangres en ce qui concerne ses propres obligations et dettes ou des obligations et dettes de toute autre personne.

La Socit peut aussi utiliser ses fonds pour investir dans l'immobilier, les droits de proprit intellectuelle ou dans tout autre actif mobilier ou immobilier de toute sorte ou toute forme. De manire gnrale, la Socit peut effectuer toute opration commerciale, industrielle ou financire qu'elle jugera utile dans l'accomplissement et le dveloppement de son objet.

La Socit peut galement accorder toute forme d'assistance financire aux entreprises dans lesquelles la Socit a une participation ou qui font partie du groupe de socits auxquelles appartient la Socit, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, l'octroi de prts et la fourniture de garanties ou de titres sous quelque forme que ce soit. La Socit peut mettre en garantie, transfrer, grever ou crer autrement une sret sur certains actifs ou sur l'ensemble de ses actifs.

De plus, la Socit peut accorder occasionnellement une assistance sous quelque forme que ce soit (y compris, mais sans s'y limiter l'octroi d'avances, des prts, des crdits, des garanties ou de srets) des tiers autres que le groupe de socits auxquels appartient la Socit, sous rserve que cette assistance relve de l'intrt de la Socit et sous rserve que cette assistance ne dclenche aucune exigence d'une autorisation de la part de la Socit. La Socit peut participer la cration, au dveloppement, la gestion et au contrle de toutes socits ou entreprises, directement ou indirectement, qui ont des objets similaires ou dont les objets sont troitement lis son propre objet. 

D'une manire gnrale, la Socit peut effectuer toute opration commerciale, industrielle ou financire et s'engager dans toute autre activit qu'elle jugera ncessaire, conseille, approprie, incidente , ou non contradictoire avec l'accomplissement et le dveloppement de ce qui prcde.

Art. 4. Dure. La Socit est constitue pour une dure illimite. 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Chapitre II. Capital Social, Actions

Art. 5. Capital Social. Le capital social de la Socit est fix trois cent sept mille huit cent quarante-neuf dollars amricains et sept centimes (307.849,07 USD) reprsent par trente millions sept cent quatre-vingt-quatre mille neuf cent sept (30.784.907) actions ordinaires sans valeur nominale. Dans les prsents Statuts, "Actions" dsigne les actions ordinaires de la Socit sans valeur nominale.

En plus du capital social, un compte de prime d'mission et/ou un compte d'apport en capital (compte 115 "Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres") peut tre tabli. Le Conseil d'Administration est autoris affecter la totalit ou une partie des comptes de primes d'mission et des comptes d'apport en capital aux Actions mises par la Socit, de temps autre, comme il le juge appropri l'un ou l'autre des lments suivants:

une rserve distribuable utiliser pour les distributions de toute nature effectuer par la Socit;

une rserve spciale prvue par les articles 430-18, 430-22 et 461-2 de la Loi.

Art. 6. Capital Social Autoris. Le capital social autoris de la Socit est fix deux millions cinq cent mille dollars amricains (2.500.000 USD), divis en deux cent cinquante millions (250.000.000) Actions sans valeur nominale. Le Conseil d'Administration, est autoris, pendant une priode se terminant cinq (5) ans aprs la date de publication du procs-verbal dassemble gnrale extraordinaire du 18 fvrier 2025, au Recueil Electronique des Socits et Associations de:

raliser toute augmentation du capital social mis dans les limites du capital social autoris en une seule fois ou par tranches successives, par mission d'Actions, l'octroi d'options, de bons de souscription ou d'autres instruments similaires exerables en Actions, de droits de souscrire des Actions librer par voie de versements en espces ou d'apports en nature, par transformation de crances, par l'augmentation du pair comptable des actions existantes ou de toute autre manire dcider par le Conseil 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

d'Administration jusqu' concurrence de deux millions cinq cent mille dollars amricains (2.500.000 USD).

Emettre tout warrant, option ou tout autre instrument similaire exerable en actions, droits de souscription des actions et dfinir les termes et conditions de ces instruments. 

dterminer les modalits et les conditions d'une augmentation du capital social mis, incluant, mais pas uniquement, le lieu et la date de l'mission ou des missions successives, le prix d'mission, le nombre d'Actions nouvelles mettre, que les nouvelles Actions soient mettre ou souscrire, avec ou sans prime d'mission et les conditions et modalits de souscription et de libration des Actions nouvelles (en espce ou en nature ou par incorporation de rserves disponibles sur le compte d'apport en capital (compte 115 "Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres"), sur le compte de prime d'mission ou les bnfices non distribus). Si la contrepartie payable la Socit pour les Actions nouvellement mises excde le pair comptable de ces Actions, l'excs est traiter comme de la prime d'mission relatives aux Actions dans les livres de la Socit;

supprimer ou limiter le droit de souscription prfrentiel des actionnaires rserv aux seuls actionnaires existants dans le cas d'mission d'Actions contre paiement en numraire, par mission d'Actions jusqu' concurrence d'un montant ne dpassant pas le capital social autoris et en annulant ou en limitant le droit prfrentiel de souscription des actionnaires existants aux Actions relatives au programme d'options d'achat d'actions des salaris de la Socit.

faire tout ce qu'il sera ncessaire pour modifier l'article 5 et l'article 6 des Statuts afin de constater la modification du capital social mis et du capital social autoris la suite d'une augmentation de capital ralise sur base du prsent article. Le Conseil d'Administration est autoris faire ou autoriser tous les actes requis pour l'excution et la publication d'une telle modification en accord avec la Loi. Par ailleurs le Conseil d'Administration peut dlguer n'importe quel Administrateur (tel que dfini l'article 11) ou 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

dirigeant de la Socit, un comit dment mandat ou toute personne dment autoris, le pouvoir d'accepter les souscriptions et de recevoir paiement pour les Actions ou de faire tout ce qu'il sera ncessaire pour modifier l'article 5 et 6 des Statuts afin de constater la modification des Statuts la suite d'une augmentation de capital ralise conformment au prsent article. 

Aprs chaque augmentation du capital social mis comme dcrit ci-dessus, les prsents Statuts devront tre modifis pour reflter une telle augmentation, sans ncessiter l'approbation additionnelle des actionnaires de la Socit.

Art. 7. Actions. Chaque Action sera et restera sous forme nominale. Les actionnaires n'auront pas le droit de demander la conversion des actions en Actions au porteur. 

Un registre des actions sera disponible pour consultation par les actionnaires de la Socit au sige social de la Socit conformment aux dispositions de l'Article 430-3 de la Loi et moyennant un pravis raisonnable. Chaque actionnaire a le droit de consulter le registre pendant les heures ouvrables normales conformment aux dispositions de la Loi.

Chaque actionnaire notifiera la Socit tout changement d'adresse par voie de lettre recommande. La Socit pourra se prvaloir de la dernire adresse ainsi communique.

La proprit des Actions rsultera des inscriptions contenues dans ledit registre.

Toute personne qui est tenue de dclarer la proprit des Actions sur l'Annexe 13D ou 13G conformment la Rgle 13d-1 ou les changements dans cette proprit conformment la Rgle 13d-2, chacune telle qu'elle a t promulgue par la Securities and Exchange Commission des tats-Unis en vertu du Securities Exchange Act de 1934, tel que modifi, doit notifier au Conseil d'Administration de la Socit immdiatement aprs une acquisition ou une disposition des fins dclarables et, en aucun cas plus tard que la 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

date de dpt de cette annexe 13D ou 13G, la proportion d'Actions dtenue par la personne concerne suite l'acquisition ou la disposition.

Tout transfert d'Actions devra tre inscrit au registre des actions conformment la loi applicable. Le Conseil d'Administration de la Socit peut dlguer ses pouvoirs en ce qui concerne l'inscription de ces transferts dans le registre des actions.

Chaque Action est indivisible. En cas de dtention d'une Action par plus d'une personne, la Socit a le droit de suspendre les droits attachs ( l'exception des droits d'information prvus par l'article 461-6 de la Loi) jusqu' ce qu'une seule personne ait t dsigne comme son dtenteur envers la Socit.

Lorsque les Actions sont enregistres dans le registre des actionnaires au nom d'une ou plusieurs personnes sous le nom d'un systme de rglement des titres ou d'un oprateur d'un tel systme de rglement des titres ou d'un oprateur d'un tel systme ou au nom d'un dpositaire professionnel de titres ou de tout autre dpositaire (ces systmes, professionnels et autres dpositaires tant ci-aprs dfinis comme tant des "Dpositaires" et individuellement un "Dpositaire") ou d'un sous-dpositaire dsign par un ou plusieurs Dpositaires(les "Dtenteurs Indirects"), la Socit, condition d'avoir reu un certificat en bonne et due forme du Dpositaire qui garde les Actions, permettra aux Dtenteurs Indirects d'exercer les droits attachs ces Actions, y compris l'admission et le vote aux assembles gnrales, et considrera ces personnes comme tant des actionnaires pour les besoins de l'article 9. Le Conseil d'Administration peut dterminer les conditions formelles auxquelles ces certificats doivent se conformer. 

Nonobstant ce qui prcde, la Socit fera des paiements, sous forme de dividendes ou autrement, en espces, actions ou tout autre actif, uniquement dans les mains du Dpositaire ou du sous-dpositaire inscrit au registre des actions de la Socit ou conformment leurs instructions, et ce paiement librera la Socit de toutes ses obligations relatives celui-ci.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Art. 8. Paiement des Actions. Les paiements sur les Actions non entirement librs la date de la souscription devront tre effectus au moment et selon les conditions qui seront fixes de priodiquement par le Conseil dAdministration, conformment la Loi. Toute somme appele sur les Actions sera prleve galement sur toutes les Actions non encore libres. 

Art. 9. Augmentation et Rduction du Capital Social. Le capital social mis et le capital social autoris de la Socit peut tre augment ou rduit, en une ou en plusieurs fois, par rsolution de l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires votant aux conditions de quorum et de majorit dtermines par ces Statuts ou, le cas chant, par la Loi pour toute modification des statuts. moins d'tre mises en vertu d'une dcision du Conseil d'Administration ou d'un reprsentant dment autoris de celui-ci, suite aux pouvoirs confrs au Conseil d'Administration, des articles 5 et 6, les nouvelles Actions devant tre souscrites par un apport en numraire seront proposes par prfrence aux actionnaires existants, au prorata de la part du capital social dtenue par ces actionnaires. Le Conseil d'Administration, dterminera le dlai dans lequel le droit prfrentiel de souscription devra tre exerc. Ce dlai ne pourra pas tre infrieur trente (30) jours.

Nonobstant ce qui prcde, l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires, votant aux conditions de quorum et de majorit requises pour toute modification des Statuts pourra limiter ou rvoquer le droit prfrentiel de souscription, ou autoriser le Conseil d'Administration agir ainsi en cas d'augmentation du capital social dans le cadre du capital autoris.

Le droit prfrentiel de souscription pourra aussi tre rvoqu individuellement par les actionnaires, ou par l'assemble gnrale, votant aux conditions de quorum et de majorit requises pour les modifications des Statuts et la condition que la suppression du droit de souscription prfrentiel soit expressment mentionne dans la liste des actionnaires prsents.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Le droit de souscription prfrentiel n'est pas applicable lorsque le capital social est augment par apports en nature.

Art. 10. Acquisition ou Rachat d'Actions Propres. La Socit peut acqurir ou racheter ses propres Actions conformment la Loi Elle peut dtenir les Actions ainsi acquises ou rachetes. Dans le prsent article 10, les "Actions propres" correspondent aux Actions acquises ou rachetes et dtenues par la Socit.

Les droits de vote attachs aux Actions Propres sont suspendus et ne sont pas pris en compte dans la dtermination du quorum et de la majorit aux assembles gnrales des actionnaires. Le Conseil d'Administration est autoris suspendre le droit au dividende attach aux Actions Propres. Dans ce cas, le Conseil d'Administration peut dcider sur le bnfice distribuable conformment l'article 430-18de la Loi. 

Chapitre III. Administrateurs, Conseil dAdministrtion, Commissaires aux comptes

Art. 11. Conseil d'Administration. La Socit est dirige par un conseil d'administration (le "Conseil d'Administration") compos d'au moins trois (3) membres et au maximum de sept (7) membres (chacun d'entre eux dsign comme un "Administrateur") qui ne devront pas tre des actionnaires. 

L'/Les Administrateur(s) est/sont nomm(s) par l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires, qui fixe leur nombre et la dure de leur mandat, qui n'excdera pas six (6) ans et ils resteront en fonction jusqu' ce que leurs successeurs soient lus. L'/Les Administrateur(s) peuvent tre rlus pour des mandats successifs et peuvent tre rvoqus tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une rsolution de l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires. 

Si une personne morale est nomme aux fonctions d'Administrateur, il devra dsigner une personne physique en qualit de reprsentant permanent, qui reprsentera la personne morale en tant que membre du Conseil d'Administration, conformment l'article 441-3 de la Loi. En cas de vacance au Conseil d'Administration, si applicable, l'/les Administrateur(s) restant(s) pourra/pourront se runir et lire un administrateur pour remplir ce poste 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

vacant titre provisoire jusqu' la prochaine assemble gnrale des actionnaires.

Art. 12. Runions du Conseil d'Administration. Le Conseil d'Administration choisira parmi ses membres un prsident (le "Prsident"). Il pourra galement choisir un secrtaire qui n'a pas besoin d'tre Administrateur et qui sera responsable des procs-verbaux des runions du Conseil d'Administration et des assembles des actionnaires (le "Secrtaire"). Si le Secrtaire n'est pas un Administrateur, une telle personne devra observer les dispositions relatives la confidentialit telles qu'nonces l'article 15 sous la responsabilit du Conseil d'Administration.

Le Conseil d'Administration se runira sur convocation du Prsident. Une runion du Conseil d'Administration devra tre convoque si deux Administrateurs le requirent.

Le Prsident prsidera toutes les runions du Conseil d'Administration et des actionnaires, sauf en son absence, le Conseil d'Administration dsignera un autre Administrateur comme prsident pro tempore la majorit des personnes prsentes ou reprsentes lors d'une telle runion.

Sauf en cas d'urgence ou avec l'accord pralable de toutes les personnes autorises participer, une convocation crite de toute runion du Conseil d'administration sera donne avec un pravis d'au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures. La convocation indiquera le lieu, la date et l'heure de la runion, ainsi que l'ordre du jour et la nature des questions traiter.

Il pourra tre pass outre cette convocation avec l'accord crit unanime de tous les Administrateurs. Une convocation spciale ne sera pas requise pour les runions se tenant une date et un endroit dtermins dans un calendrier pralablement adopt par le Conseil d'Administration.

Les runions du Conseil d'administration se tiendront l'endroit indiqu dans la convocation la runion.

Tout Administrateur pourra se faire reprsenter aux runions du Conseil d'Administration en dsignant par crit un autre Administrateur comme son mandataire.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Le quorum du Conseil d'Administration ou de l'un de ses Comits (tel que dfini l'article 16) correspond la prsence ou la reprsentation d'au moins cinquante pour cent (50%) des Administrateurs ou des membres du Comit, le cas chant, en fonction (tant entendu que la prsence ou la reprsentation d'au moins deux (2) membres du Conseil d'administration ou du Comit, le cas chant, est requise).

Les dcisions sont prises la majorit des votes des Administrateurs prsents ou reprsents la runion. En cas d'galit des voix, le vote du Prsident sera prpondrant.

Un ou plusieurs Administrateurs peuvent participer une runion par confrence tlphonique, vidoconfrence ou tout moyen de tlcommunication similaire permettant plusieurs personnes y participant de communiquer simultanment l'une avec l'autre. De telles participations doivent tre considres comme quivalentes une prsence physique une runion tenue au sige social de la Socit.

Dans les cas requis par l'urgence, une dcision crite prise par voie circulaire et exprime par cble, tlcopie ou tout autre moyen de communication similaire, signe par tous les administrateurs, est correcte et valable comme si elle avait t adopte lors d'une runion du conseil d'administration dment convoque et tenue. Une telle dcision peut tre consigne dans un document unique ou dans plusieurs documents distincts ayant le mme contenu et chacun d'eux tant sign par un ou plusieurs Administrateurs. 

Les Administrateurs assument, en vertu de leur mandat, aucune responsabilit personnelle pour un engagement valablement pris par eux au nom de la Socit.

Art. 13. Procs-verbaux du Conseil d'Administration. Les procs-verbaux de la runion du Conseil d'Administration doivent tre signs par tous les Administrateurs prsents et capables d'exercer leur droit de vote. Toutes les procurations y seront annexes. 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Les copies ou les extraits de ceux-ci doivent tre certifies par le Secrtaire du Conseil d'Administration.

Art. 14. Pouvoirs Gnraux des Administrateurs. Le Conseil d'Administration est investi des pouvoirs les plus tendus pour agir au nom et pour le compte de la Socit et pour accomplir et autoriser tous les actes d'administration ou de disposition qui sont ncessaires ou utiles pour la ralisation de l'objet social de la Socit. Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressment rservs par la Loi ou par les prsents Statuts l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires sont de la comptence du Conseil d'Administration. 

Le Conseil d'Administration, peut librement dcider de rembourser tout compte de prime d'mission ou les rserves disponibles ou les fonds disponibles sur le compte d'apport en capital (compte 115, "Apport en capitaux propres non rmunr par des titres") de la Socit ses actionnaires, conformment aux dispositions de la Loi.

Art. 15. Confidentialit. Aprs le terme de leur mandat, le(s) Administrateur(s) resteront tenus de ne pas rvler les informations relatives la Socit qui pourraient contrevenir aux intrts de cette dernire, sauf si la rvlation de ces informations est requise par la loi ou l'intrt public, conformment et sous rserve des dispositions de l'Article 444-6 de la Loi. 

Art.16. Comits, Dlgation de Pouvoir. Le Conseil d'Administration peut nommer des comits, incluant sans s'y limiter, un Comit Excutif, un Comit d'Audit, un Comit de Nomination et de Gouvernance et un Comit de Compensation (un "Comit" et collectivement des "Comits"). Le Conseil d'Administration dterminera la composition et l'objet de chacun de ces Comits.

Le Conseil d'Administration peut dlguer ses pouvoirs relatifs la conduite de la gestion et des affaires journalires de la Socit un ou plusieurs membres du Conseil d'Administration, grants ou autre dirigeant qui n'ont pas besoin d'tre actionnaire de la Socit Actionnaire de la Socit, y compris sous la forme d'un Comit Excutif, selon les termes et les pouvoirs que le Conseil d'Administration dterminera. 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Le Conseil d'Administration pourra galement dlguer ses pouvoirs de direction un comit de direction ou un directeur gnral, conformment aux et sous rserves des dispositions de l'Article 441-11 de la Loi. Le Conseil d'Administration sera autoris dterminer les conditions de leur nomination, rvocation, rmunrations (le cas chant), dure de mandat et procdure dcisionnelle. Le Conseil d'Administration supervisera le comit de direction et le directeur gnral, le cas chant. Les membres du comit de direction et le directeur gnral, le cas chant, devront se conformer la procdure de conflits d'intrts prvue l'Article 441-12 de la Loi, ainsi qu'aux obligations de confidentialit prvues l'Article 444-6 de la Loi. 

Le Conseil d'Administration peut aussi confrer certains pouvoirs et/ou mandats spciaux un ou plusieurs membres du Conseil d'Administration ou toute autre personne, qui n'a pas besoin d'tre Administrateur ou actionnaire de la Socit, agissant seul ou conjointement, selon les termes et avec les pouvoirs tels que dtermins par le Conseil d'Administration.

Lorsque le Conseil d'Administration dlgue son pouvoir pour assurer la gestion journalire comme l'autorise les prsents Statuts, alors le Conseil d'Administration doit reporter chaque anne l'assemble gnrale annuelle des actionnaires le salaire, les honoraires, et tout avantage accord au/aux dlgu(s).

Art. 17. Reprsentation de la Socit. La Socit sera engage l'gard des tiers par:

La signature conjointe de deux administrateurs;

La signature individuelle du/des membre(s) d'un comit de direction, si un tel comit a t constitu par le Conseil d'Administration; et

La signature du directeur gnral, si un directeur gnral a t nomm par le Conseil d'Administration;

La signature individuelle de toute autre personne qui le Conseil d'Administration a dlgu la gestion journalire de la Socit conformment au prsent article, et seulement dans le cadre de la gestion journalire; 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

La signature individuelle de toute personne laquelle l'autorit de signature a t dlgue par le Conseil d'Administration.

Art. 18. Conflit d'Intrts. Aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Socit et toute autre socit ou entreprise ne sera affect ou invalid du fait qu'un ou plusieurs Administrateurs, grants, associs, membres, fonds de pouvoir ou employs de la Socit ont un intrt personnel ou en sont un administrateur, grant, associ, membre, fond de pouvoir ou employ d'une telle autre socit ou entreprise. Sauf dispositions contraires ci-dessous, tout Administrateur, grants, associs, membres, employs ou fond de pouvoir valablement autoris de la Socit, en ce compris tout Administrateur qui remplira en mme temps des fonctions de reprsentant valablement autoris pour le compte d'une autre socit ou firme avec laquelle la Socit contractera ou entrera en toute relation d'affaire, ne sera pas, pour ce seul motif, automatiquement empch de donner son avis ou d'agir quant toutes oprations relatives un tel contrat ou opration. 

Nonobstant ce qui prcde, au cas o un Administrateur ou un dirigent de la Socit aurait un intrt personnel dans une transaction de la Socit, autre que les transactions conclues dans des conditions normales et entrant dans le cadre de la gestion quotidienne de la Socit, il/elle devra faire connaitre au Conseil d'Administration (s'il en existe un) cet intrt personnel et ne devra pas examiner ou voter une telle transaction, et cette transaction et l'intrt de cet transaction et l'intrt de cet administrateur ou dirigent de la Socit devront tre rapports la prochaine assemble gnrale des actionnaires. 

La Socit doit indemniser (ou, le cas chant, avancer ) tout Administrateur et ses hritiers, excuteurs et administrateurs testamentaires, de ses dpenses raisonnables en relation avec toute action, procs ou procdure laquelle il/elle a pu tre partie en raison de sa fonction passe ou actuelle de Administrateur, ou, la demande de la Socit, de toute autre socit dans laquelle la Socit est Actionnaire ou crancire et par laquelle il/elle n'est pas autoris tre indemnis, except en relation avec les affaires 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

pour lesquelles il/elle est finalement dclar(e) dans de telles actions, procs et procdures responsable d'une grosse ngligence ou d'une faute grave. En cas de rglement amiable d'un conflit, des indemnits doivent tre accordes uniquement dans les matires en relation avec le rglement amiable du conflit pour lesquelles, selon le conseiller juridique de la Socit, la personne indemnise n'a pas commis une telle violation de ses obligations. Le droit indemnit ci-avant n'exclut pas d'autres droits que la personne concerne pourrait revendiquer.

Art. 19. Commissaires aux Comptes. Les comptes annuels de la Socit seront audits par un ou plusieurs commissaires aux comptes, et, dans la mesure requise par la Loi, les rgles et les rglements applicables, par un ou plusieurs rviseur(s) d'entreprises. 

Les commissaires aux comptes ou, le cas chant, le rviseur d'entreprises indpendant seront nomms par dcision de l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires, selon le cas, qui dterminera la rmunration du commissaire aux comptes ou du rviseur d'entreprises indpendant et la dure de leur mandat. Les commissaires aux comptes resteront en fonction jusqu' ce que leurs successeurs soient lus. Ils sont rligibles la fin de leur mandat et ils peuvent tre rvoqus tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par dcision de l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires.

Chapitre IV. Assemble Gnrale des Actionnaires

Art. 20. Assemble Gnrale des Actionnaires. L'assemble gnrale annuelle sera tenue conformment aux dispositions de l'article 450-8 de la Loi au sige social de la Socit ou un autre endroit tel qu'indiqu dans la convocation et l'heure indique dans la convocation de l'assemble. 

Si ce jour est un jour fri au Luxembourg, l'assemble se tiendra le premier jour ouvrable suivant.

Art. 21. Autres Assembles Gnrales des Actionnaires. Le Conseil d'Administration peut convoquer d'autres assembles gnrales. De telles assembles doivent tre convoques si les actionnaires reprsentant au moins dix (10) pour cent du capital social de la Socit le requirent par crit avec 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

indication de l'ordre du jour de la runion prvue. Si l'assemble gnrale n'est pas tenue dans le mois suivant la date prvue, elle peut tre convoque par un agent dsign par le juge-prsident le Tribunal d'Arrondissement, section des affaires commerciales et statuant en rfr, et ce la requte d'un ou plusieurs actionnaires reprsentant le quota des dix pour cent (10%). Les assembles gnrales des actionnaires, y compris l'assemble gnrale annuelle, peuvent se tenir l'tranger chaque fois que se produiront des circonstances de force majeure qui seront apprcies souverainement par le Conseil d'Administration.

Art. 22. Pouvoirs de l'Assemble Gnrale. Toute assemble gnrale des actionnaires de la Socit rgulirement constitue reprsente l'ensemble des actionnaires. 

Sous rserve de tous les autres pouvoirs rservs au Conseil d'Administration ou par la Loi ou les Statuts, l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires a le plus large pouvoir d'adopter, d'excuter ou de ratifier tout acte relatif aux oprations de la Socit.

Les actionnaires ne doivent ni participer ni interfrer avec la direction de la Socit.

Conformment aux dispositions du paragraphe 1 de l'article 450-1 (8)de la Loi, le Conseil d'Administration est autoris suspendre les droits de vote des actionnaires qui ne respectent pas leurs obligations en vertu des prsents Statuts ou des dispositions de tout accord qui peut tre conclu de temps autre entre les actionnaires.

Art. 23. Procdure, Vote. L'assemble gnrale des actionnaires se runit sur convocation du Conseil d'Administration, ou du commissaire aux comptes en conformit avec le droit luxembourgeois et les prsents Statuts. 

La date d'enregistrement des assembles gnrales est fixe par le Conseil d'Administration avant la date de l'assemble gnrale (la "Date d'Enregistrement"). 

Les actionnaires doivent notifier la Socit leur intention de participer l'assemble gnrale par voie postale ou par tout moyen 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

lectronique l'adresse postale ou lectronique indique dans la convocation, au plus tard le jour fix par le Conseil d'Administration, qui ne doit pas intervenir avant la Date d'Enregistrement, indique dans la convocation.

Les documents devant tre soumis aux actionnaires dans le cadre de l'assemble gnrale seront publis sur le site web de la Socit ou pourront tre consults au sige social de la Socit, comme l'exige la lgislation en vigueur.

La convocation envoye aux actionnaires en conformit avec la Loi, spcifiera la date, l'heure, l'endroit ainsi que l'ordre du jour et la nature des questions devant tre traites lors de l'assemble.

Un actionnaire peut agir toute assemble des actionnaires en dsignant par crit, en original ou par voie lectronique (valable selon la loi Luxembourgeoise), en tant que son mandataire, une autre personne qui n'a pas besoin d'tre actionnaire et en notifiant cette dsignation par voie postale ou par tout moyen lectronique l'adresse postale ou lectronique indique dans la convocation.

Le Conseil d'Administration peut dterminer toutes autres conditions qui doivent tre remplies pour participer une assemble gnrale des actionnaires.

Sauf disposition contraire de la Loi ou des prsents Statuts, toutes les autres rsolutions seront prises la majorit simple des voix quel que soit le nombre d'Actions prsentes ou reprsentes l'assemble.

Lors de l'organisation d'une assemble gnrale, le Conseil d'Administration peut, son entire discrtion, permettre la participation par voie lectronique selon les suivantes: (i) transmission en temps rel de l'assemble gnrale; (ii) communication dans les deux sens en temps rel permettant aux actionnaires de s'adresser l'assemble gnrale distance; ou (iii) mcanisme permettant de voter, avant ou pendant l'assemble gnrale, sans qu'il soit ncessaire de nommer un mandataire physiquement prsent l'assemble.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Le Conseil d'Administration peut galement dterminer que les actionnaires peuvent voter distance par correspondance en remplissant un formulaire de vote fourni par la Socit qui comprend les informations suivantes:

Le nom, l'adresse et toute autre information pertinente concernant l'actionnaire.

Le nombre de votes que l'actionnaire souhaite mettre, le sens de ses votes ou son abstention.

L'ordre du jour de l'assemble contenant le projet de rsolutions.

L'option de voter par procuration pour toute nouvelle rsolution ou toute modification des rsolutions dment soumises l'assemble gnrale entre la date laquelle l'actionnaire soumet son formulaire et la date de l'assemble.

La signature de l'actionnaire.

Un actionnaire utilisant un formulaire de vote et qui n'est pas directement inscrit dans le registre des actionnaires doit annexer au formulaire de vote une confirmation de sa dtention compter de la Date d'Enregistrement conformment aux prsents Statuts. Une fois soumis la Socit, les formulaires de vote ne peuvent ni tre rcuprs ni annuls, sauf si un actionnaire a inclu une procuration pour voter dans les circonstances envisages dans le quatrime point ci-dessus, alors l'actionnaire peut annuler cette procuration ou donner de nouvelles instructions de vote en tenant compte des lments pertinents par notification crite telle que dcrite dans la convocation, avant la date spcifie dans le formulaire de vote.

Tout actionnaire qui participe une assemble gnrale de la Socit par les moyens qui prcdent est rput prsent, sera pris en compte lors de la dtermination du quorum et aura le droit de voter sur tous les points de l'ordre du jour de l'assemble gnrale.

Le Conseil d'Administration peut adopter tout rglement et rgle concernant la participation des actionnaires aux assembles gnrales conformment la Loi, y compris en ce qui concerne l'identification des 

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

actionnaires, les mandataires et la scurit des communications lectroniques.

Toute rsolution ayant pour objet de modifier les prsents Statuts, de modifier la nationalit ou dont l'adoption est assujettie en vertu de prsents Statuts ou, selon le cas, par la Loi aux conditions de quorum et de majorit fixes pour la modification des Statuts sera prise par les deux tiers des actionnaires reprsentant au moins la moiti du capital social mis de la Socit.

Les engagements des actionnaires ne peuvent tre augments qu'avec le consentement unanime des actionnaires.

Les actionnaires reprsentant un minimum de dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la socit peuvent demander par crit que des points supplmentaires soient ajouts l'ordre du jour de toute assemble gnrale. Une telle requte doit tre adresse au sige social de la Socit par courrier recommand au moins cinq (5) jours avant la date laquelle l'assemble gnrale doit tre tenue.

Si tous les actionnaires sont prsents ou reprsents l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires et dclarent avoir eu connaissance de l'ordre du jour de l'assemble, l'assemble pourra tre tenue sans convocation pralable.

Un vote est attach chaque action.

Les copies ou les extraits des procs-verbaux de l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires doivent tre certifies par le Prsident ou par le Secrtaire.

Chapitre V. Anne Sociale, Rpartition des Bnfices

Art. 24. Anne Sociale. L'anne sociale de la Socit commence le premier jour du mois de Janvier et finit le dernier jour du mois de Dcembre de chaque anne. 

Art. 25. Approbation des Comptes Annuels. A la fin de chaque anne sociale, les comptes sont clturs et le Conseil d'Administration dresse un inventaire des actifs et des passifs, le bilan et le compte de rsultat conformment la Loi.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Le bilan et le compte de rsultat sont soumis l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires pour approbation. 

Art. 26. Affectation des Bnfices. Sur les bnfices nets de la Socit il sera prlev cinq pour cent (5 %) pour la formation d'un fonds de rserve lgale. Ce prlvement cesse d'tre obligatoire lorsque et aussi longtemps que la rserve lgale atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du capital social mis de la Socit. 

Sur recommandation du Conseil d'Administration, l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires dcide de l'affectation du solde des bnfices annuels nets. Elle peut dcider de verser la totalit ou une part du solde un compte de rserve ou de provision, de le reporter nouveau sur l'anne financire suivante ou de le distribuer l'/aux actionnaire(s) comme dividendes.

Sous rserve des conditions fixes par la Loi et les prsents Statuts, le Conseil d'Administration est autoris verser des acomptes sur dividendes. Le Conseil d'Administration, fixe le montant et la date du versement de ces acomptes sur dividendes. Toute prime d'mission, primes assimiles et autres rserves distribuables peuvent tre distribues librement aux actionnaires (galement par acompte sur dividendes) par une rsolution des actionnaires ou du Conseil d'Administration, sous rserve des dispositions de la Loi et des prsents Statuts.

Chapitre VI. Dissolution, Liquidation

Art. 27. Dissolution, Liquidation. Sur approbation affirmative du Conseil d'Administration, la Socit peut tre dissoute par une dcision de l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires dlibrant aux mmes conditions de quorum et de majorit que celles exiges pour la modification des Statuts, sauf dispositions contraires de la Loi. 

En cas de dissolution de la Socit, la liquidation s'effectuera par les soins d'un ou de plusieurs liquidateurs (personnes physiques ou morales), nomms par l'assemble gnrale des actionnaires qui dterminera leurs pouvoirs et leurs rmunrations.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1

Aprs paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Socit, tous les taxes et frais de liquidation compris, l'actif net restant sera reparti quitablement entre tous les actionnaires au prorata du nombre d'Actions qu'ils dtiennent.

La demande de dissolution de la Socit pour une juste cause peut toutefois tre faite devant le tribunal. Sauf en cas de dissolution par ordonnance du tribunal, la dissolution de la Socit ne peut avoir lieu qu'en vertu d'une rsolution adopte par l'assemble gnrale conformment aux articles 22 et 23.

Chapitre VII. Loi applicable

Art. 28. Loi applicable. Toutes les matires qui ne sont pas rgies par les prsents Statuts seront rgles conformment au droit du Luxemxembourg."

POUR STATUTS COORDONNES,

Ettelbruck, le 17 fvrier 2025

Le notaire (s.): Marc ELVINGER

/s/ Marc Elvinger

[Notary Seal]

In case of discrepancies between the English and the French text, the English version will prevail.

En cas de divergences entre le texte anglais et le texte franais, le texte anglais prvaudra.

79101755 M 56398009 / 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>asps-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>asps-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Address, Country 
Entity Address, Country 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>asps-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page Document

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code N4

Entity File Number 001-34354

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0554932

Entity Address, Address Line One 33, Boulevard Prince Henri

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code L-1724

Entity Address, City or Town Luxembourg

Entity Address, Country LU

City Area Code 352

Local Phone Number 2060 2055

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol ASPS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001462418

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Document 
Sheet 
http://www.altisource.com/role/CoverPageDocument 
Cover Page Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

asps-20250218.htm 
asps-20250218.xsd 
asps-20250218_lab.xml 
asps-20250218_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001462418-25-000019-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>asps-20250218_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001462418 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

0001462418 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
ALTISOURCE PORTFOLIO SOLUTIONS S.A. 
N4 
001-34354 
98-0554932 
33, Boulevard Prince Henri 
L-1724 
Luxembourg 
LU 
352 
2060 2055 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
ASPS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>