<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005561.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005561.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421162017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PERMA FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000891532
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				581954497
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11596
		FILM NUMBER:		25853446

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8302 DUNWOODY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30350
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7705879898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8302 DUNWOODY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30350
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000089153200008915322025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April 17, 2025

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC.

PERMA
FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-11596 58-1954497

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

8302
Dunwoody Place, Suite 250, Atlanta, Georgia 30350

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (770)587-9898

Not
applicable 

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, Par Value , $.001 Per Share PESI NASDAQ
Capital Markets

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Definitive Agreement

The
information contained in Items 5.02 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers.

Employment
Agreement:

On
April 17, 2025, Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.s (the Company) Compensation and Stock Option Committee (Compensation
Committee) recommended to the Board of Directors (the Board) the approval of, and the Board approved, the employment
agreement (the Employment Agreement) with Troy Eshleman, the Chief Operating Officer (COO). The Company and
the COO entered into the Employment Agreement on April 17, 2025.

The
Employment Agreement is effective from April 17, 2025, through April 20, 2026, (the Initial Term) unless earlier terminated
by the Company or by the executive officer. At the end of the Initial Term of the Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreement will
automatically be extended for one additional year, unless at least six months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the Company
or the executive officer provides written notice not to extend the terms of the Employment Agreement.

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Eshleman is provided an annual salary of $320,000, which annual salary may be increased from time to
time, but not reduced, as determined by the Compensation Committee. In addition, the COO is entitled to participate in the Companys
broad-based benefits plans and to certain performance compensation payable under separate Management Incentive Plan (MIP).

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, if the COOs employment is terminated due to death, disability or for cause (as defined in the Employment
Agreement), the Company will pay to the COO or to his estate an amount equal to the sum of any unpaid base salary and accrued unused
vacation time through the date of termination and any benefits due to the COO under any employee benefit plan (the Accrued Amounts)
plus any performance compensation payable pursuant to the MIP with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination.
In the event that the COOs employment is terminated due to death, the Company will also pay a lump-sum payment (the Cash
Medical Continuation Benefit) equal to eighteen times the monthly premium that would be required to be paid, pursuant to the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), to continue group health coverage for the COOs eligible
covered dependents in effect on the date of the COOs termination of employment, based on the premium for the first month of COBRA
coverage. Such cash payment will be taxable and will be made regardless of whether the COOs eligible covered dependents elect
COBRA continuation coverage.

If
the COO terminates his employment for good reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) or is terminated by the Company
without cause (including any such termination for good reason or without cause within 24 months after a Change in Control
(as defined in the Employment Agreement), the Company will pay the COO Accrued Amounts, (a) two years of full base salary, plus (b) (i)
two times the performance compensation (under the COOs MIP) earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date
of termination provided the performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination
has not yet been paid, or (ii) if performance compensation earned with respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination
has already been paid to the COO, the COO will be paid an additional year of the performance compensation earned with respect to the
fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination, and (c) the Cash Medical Continuation Benefit. If the COO terminates his employment
for a reason other than for good reason, the Company will pay to the COO an amount equal to the Accrued Amounts plus any performance
compensation payable pursuant to the MIP applicable to the COO.

2

The
Employment Agreement is briefly described above, and the descriptions contained herein, and the COOs rights and responsibilities
thereunder are qualified by, and described in detail in the Employment Agreement attached as exhibits 99.1 to this Report, which Employment
Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On
April 17, 2025, the Companys Board set the Companys Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Meeting) on July
24, 2025 with the Record Date of June 2, 2025. Accordingly, stockholders of record at the close of business on June 2, 2025, will be
entitled to vote at, the Meeting or at any postponement or adjournment thereof.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 

Number Description

99.1 Employment Agreement dated April 17, 2025, between Troy Eshleman, Chief Operating Officer, and Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.

99.2
2025 Incentive Compensation Plan for Chief Operating Officer, effective January 1, 2025, as incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.5 to the Companys Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2025. CERTAIN INFORMATION WITHIN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

Signatures

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
April 21, 2025

PERMA-FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC.

By: /s/
Ben Naccarato

Ben
Naccarato

Executive
Vice President and 

Chief
Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and entered into as of the 17th day of April, 2025, by and between PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Troy Eshleman (the Executive).

W
IT N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Company believes that the services, knowledge, and contributions of the Executive to the Company are of critical importance to the
Company;

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to ensure that the Executive will continue to provide his services, knowledge and contributions to the Company; and

WHEREAS,
the Executive is currently a specified employee as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code), and the regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A);

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Executive have previously entered into, or may from time to time enter into a separate arrangement, to provide certain
management incentive compensation bonuses to the Executive based on the Companys performance during a particular year or other
period or periods.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, the Company
and the Executive agree as follows:

1.
Term. Unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and
terminate on April 20, 2026 unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement (the Initial Term). At the end of the
Initial Term, this Agreement will automatically be extended for one (1) additional year unless at least six (6) months prior to expiration
of the Initial Term, the Company or the Executive shall have given written notice to the other not to extend the term of this Agreement.
The Initial Term, as may be extended, is hereafter referred to as the Term.

2.
Position and Duties.

2.1. Position.
The Company agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to such employment, as Chief Operating Officer of the Company,
or such other position as the Executive and the Company agrees in writing as being acceptable to both of them. The Executives
authority and duties, including, but not limited to, hierarchical standing in the Company and reporting requirements within the
Company, shall be substantially similar in all material respects with the most significant of those exercised by the Executive
during the 90 day period immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed to in writing executed by both
the Executive and the Company.

2.2. Location.
The Executives duties and services shall be performed in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, except for travel responsibilities required in
the performance of the Executives duties.

2.3. Duties.
Excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, and except as otherwise provided in Section 2.4
below, the Executive agrees to faithfully perform the duties of his office, and to devote substantially all of the Executives
business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, as directed by the Board of Directors of the Company from
time to time (the Board) and the Chief Executive Officer, and will not engage in any other business, profession, or
occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or
indirectly without the prior written consent of the Board.

2.4. Other
Activities. Notwithstanding Section 2.3, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (i) serve on
corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, as long as such activities are disclosed in writing to the Board and not
otherwise disapproved for being in violation of the Companys Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy, (ii) deliver
lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions, and (iii) manage personal investments, so long as any
such investment represents a passive investment and the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that
controls, the entity in which the Executive is invested, and provided further, that any such entity in which the Executive is
invested is not engaged in activities that are competitive with those of the Company, as determined by the Board in its discretion.
Any such activities described in this Section 2.4 may not interfere with the performance of the Executives responsibilities
as an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement.

3.
Compensation and Benefits.

3.1. Annual
Base Salary. The Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) has set the
annual base salary of the Executive at $320,000 Dollars per year (Base Salary), which Base Salary is
payable by the Company to the Executive in equal bi-weekly installments, less appropriate withholdings and deductions in accordance
with the Companys customary payroll practices, with the amount of the Base Salary payable each year subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 3.2 below.

3.2. Adjustment
to Base Salary. The Base Salary may be increased, but not be reduced, from time to time as recommended by the CEO and determined
by and in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee.

3.3. Incentive
Compensation Bonus. In addition to the Base Salary, each year during the Term the Company will pay to the Executive the incentive
compensation bonus, if any, that is payable pursuant to a Management Incentive Plan (Incentive Plan) in effect for
such year that may be adopted by the Board of the Company or the Compensation Committee and agreed to by the Executive with respect
to the particular fiscal year of the Company, (an Incentive Bonus) in accordance with and pursuant to the terms of
the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Bonus, if any, may be modified, changed or terminated at any time or for any reason by the Compensation
Committee in its sole discretion in accordance with the terms of the particular Incentive Plan.

2

3.4. Benefits.
During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans that are generally made available to
other employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of such benefits and plans and, as such benefits and plans may
be changed by the Company from time to time. Such benefits include, but not limited to, (i) group medical insurance coverage, (ii)
group life insurance coverage and (iii) certain stock option plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any
employee benefit plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such employee benefit plan and applicable
law.

3.5. Expenses.
During the Term, the Company shall pay directly, or reimburse the Executive, for any reasonable and necessary expenses and costs
incurred by the Executive in connection with, or arising out of, the performance of the Executives duties hereunder, provided
that such expenses and costs shall be paid or reimbursed subject to such rules, regulations, and policies of the Company as
established from time to time by the Company and the applicable laws to which the Company is subject, and provided further that the
Executive is not otherwise in breach of this Agreement with respect to the activity for which the Executive is seeking
reimbursement.

In
the event the Executive incurs legal fees and expenses to enforce this Agreement, the Company shall promptly reimburse the Executive
the reasonable and necessary legal fees and expenses of the Executive in enforcing this Agreement, but only upon the adjudication
by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Executive is not otherwise in breach of this Agreement.

3.6. Fringe
Benefits. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to all fringe benefits, including, but not limited to, vacation in
accordance with Section 3.7 or, if more favorable to the Executive, the most favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of
the Company during 12-month period immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in
effect at any time thereafter with respect to other senior executives of the Company.

3.7. Vacation.
The Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of paid vacation per year or such longer period as provided in Section 3.6
above.

3

4.
Termination.

4.1. Termination
by the Company as a Result of Death or Disability; Termination by the Company for Cause; Termination by the Executive for Good
Reason. At any time during the Term, the Executives employment with the Company may be terminated for the following
reasons:

4.1.1 Death.
The Executives employment with the Company shall terminate automatically upon the Executives death.

4.1.2 Disability.

4.1.2.1 Definition.
Disability of the Executive is defined for the purposes of this Agreement as the Executive being unable to engage in
any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to
result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months.

4.1.2.2 Application.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company may terminate the Executives employment with the Company after
establishing the Executives Disability as set forth in this Section 4.1.2, and giving written notice of its intention to
terminate the Executives employment with the Company (Disability Termination Notice). In such a case, the
Executives employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the earlier of the otherwise scheduled expiration of the
Term pursuant to Section 4.1.2 or on the thirtieth (30th) day after receipt of the Disability Termination Notice,
provided that the Executive has not resumed full-time performance of his duties under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Executive has recovered from a Disability and returned to full-time service prior to the date of termination set forth in the
Disability Termination Notice relating thereto, the Company may not thereafter terminate the Executives employment under this
Agreement due to such Disability.

4.1.3 Cause.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company may terminate the Executives employment with the Company at any time for
Cause. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause is defined as (i) the ultimate conviction (after all
appeals have been decided) of the Executive by a court of competent jurisdiction of, or a plea of nolo contendrere or a plea of
guilty by the Executive to, a felony involving moral turpitude; or (ii) willful or gross misconduct or gross neglect of duties by
the Executive, which has a material adverse effect on the Company, provided that, (a) no action or failure to act by the Executive
will constitute a reason for termination if the Executive believed in good faith that such action or failure to act was in the
Companys best interests, as determined in good faith by the Board in its sole discretion, and (b) failure of the Executive to
perform his duties hereunder due to a Disability shall not be considered gross misconduct or willful, gross neglect of duties for
any purpose; (iii) the commission by the Executive of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or a subsidiary of the
Company; (iv) the Executives willful failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Board; (v) the
Executives material violation of the Companys written policies or codes of conduct, including written policies related
to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, and ethical misconduct; (vi) the Executives
willful unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined in Section 8.7.1 of this Agreement); or (vii) the
Executives breach of any material provision of this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the
Company, provided however, that failure of the Executive to perform his duties hereunder due to Disability shall not be considered a
breach of this Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 4.1.3, no act or failure to act shall be considered willful
unless done or omitted to be done by the Executive in bad faith and without reasonable belief that Executives action or
omission was in the best interest of the Company.

4

4.1.4 Good
Reason. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Executive may terminate the Executives employment under this
Agreement for Good Reason (defined below) at any time on or prior to the 60th day after the occurrence of any of the Good
Reason events set forth in the following sentence; provided, however, that, within 30 days after the occurrence of any such event,
the Executive shall have provided the Company with a Notice of Termination with respect to such event and afforded the Company a
period of 30 days after its receipt of such Notice of Termination to cure the default that constitutes the Good Reason event relied
upon by the Executive for such termination. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence,
during the Term of this Agreement, of any of the following events without the Executives prior written consent:

4.1.4.1 the
failure by the Company to timely comply with its material obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement; or

4.1.4.2 the
removal of the Executive from the position of, or the loss by the Executive of the title of, Chief Operating Officer of the Company
(other than temporarily while the Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law); or

4.1.4.3 a
material diminution of the authorities, duties or responsibilities of the Executive set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement (other
than temporarily while the Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law); or

4.1.4.4 the
relocation of the Executive to an office outside of the Oak Ridge, Tennessee metropolitan area; or

4.1.4.5 the
Executive being required to report to someone other than the Chief Executive Officer; or

4.1.4.6 any
other action by the Company which results in a material reduction in compensation payable to the Executive (other than a general
reduction in base salary that affects all similarly situated executives in substantially the same proportions) or in the position,
authority, duties, other responsibilities, other than insubstantial and inadvertent action which is promptly remedied by the Company
after receipt of notice thereof from the Executive.

4.1.5 Without
Good Reason. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Executive may voluntarily terminate his employment under this Agreement
without Good Reason upon written Notice of Termination to the Company at least 30 days prior to the effective date of termination
(which termination the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective earlier than the date set forth in the Executives
Notice of Termination).

4.1.6 Death.
Upon the Executives separation from service as a result of the termination of Executives employment with the Company
due to the Executives Death, the Company shall pay to the Executives estate and/or beneficiary, in a single lump sum
payment, in current funds, within thirty (30) days of the Executives Death, the following:

4.1.6.1 any
earned but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination;

4.1.6.2 reimbursement
for any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred and paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, above, through the date
of the Executives Death;

5

4.1.6.3 payment
for any accrued but unused vacation time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Company policy;

4.1.6.4 such
vested accrued benefits and other payments, if any, as to which the Executive (and his eligible dependents) may be entitled under,
and in accordance with the terms and conditions of, the Companys employee benefit arrangements, other than any severance pay
plan (4.1.6.1 through 4.1.6.4 collectively, the Amounts and Benefits);

4.1.6.5 any
bonuses earned by the Executive but remaining unpaid for any year prior to the year in which the date of termination occurs (the
Prior Year Bonuses);

4.1.6.6 a
Pro-Rata Bonus, which for purposes of this Agreement means (A) in the event the Company has established an Incentive
Plan one or more executive bonus programs with performance goals covering the year in which the date of termination occurs, a pro-
rata portion of the aggregate bonuses payable under such bonus programs for the year in which the date of termination occurs (determined
by multiplying the amount of the Executives bonus which would be due for the full year by a fraction, the numerator of which
is the number of days that the Executive was employed by the Company in the year in which the date of termination occurs and the
denominator of which is 365), provided that the performance goals established with respect to the entire such year are met, and provided,
further, that in the event the date of termination occurs prior to the determination of performance goals applicable to the performance
period for the year of the Executives termination of employment, the performance criteria applicable to the Executive in respect
of the Pro-Rata Bonus shall be at least as favorable to the Executive as the most favorable performance criteria applicable for that
year to any award to a named executive officer of the Company, within the meaning of Section 402(a)(3) of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC); or (B) in the event the Company has not established an Incentive
Plan providing an incentive bonus plan with performance goals covering the year in which the date of termination occurs, a pro-rata
portion of the bonus earned by the Executive for the year prior to the year in which the date of termination occurs (determined by
multiplying the amount of the bonus earned by the Executive for the year prior to the year in which the date of termination occurs
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that the Executive was employed by the Company in the year in which the
date of termination occurs and the denominator of which is 365). If payable under (A), the Pro-Rata Bonus shall be payable in due
course pursuant to the terms of the applicable bonus programs which shall be paid on or about 90 days after year-end or sooner, based
on the Companys audited financial statements included in its Form 10-K filed with the SEC, subject to Section 4.5 of this
Agreement. If payable under (B), the Pro-Rata Bonus shall be payable within thirty (30) days following the date of termination;

4.1.6.7 a
lump-sum payment (the Cash Medical Continuation Benefit) equal to (x) 18 multiplied by (y) the monthly premium that
would be required to be paid, pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA),
to continue group health coverage for the Executives eligible covered dependents in effect on the date of the Executives
termination of employment, based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage. Such cash payment will be taxable and will
be made regardless of whether the Executives eligible covered dependents actually elect COBRA continuation coverage. ; and

6

4.1.6.8 notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in the vesting and exercisability schedule in any stock option or other grant agreement
between the Company and the Executive, all of the Executives then outstanding stock options and other equity awards, if any,
granted by the Company to the Executive pursuant to any such agreement shall, to the extent not already vested, vest in their entirety
and, as applicable, become immediately and automatically exercisable commencing on the date of termination, with such options and
awards remaining exercisable for the lesser of the original option term or twelve (12) months from the date of the Executives
death.

4.1.7 Upon
the Executives separation from service as a result of the termination of Executives employment by the Company for Cause,
the Company shall pay to the Executive in a single lump sum payment, in current funds, on the date of such termination of employment
the following:

4.1.7.1 any
earned but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination; and

4.1.7.2 any
amounts payable to the Executive pursuant to the Prior Year Bonuses under the Companys prior year Incentive Plan.

4.2. Termination
by the Company without Cause or Termination by the Executive for Good Reason.

4.2.1 Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time during the Term without Cause
and the Executive may terminate his employment with the Company at any time during the Term for Good Reason. If the Executive terminates
his employment under this Agreement for Good Reason or the Company terminates the Executives employment hereunder without
Cause (other than a termination by reason of Death or Disability) during the Term, and the Executive has not received and is not
entitled to any payment under Sections 4.3.1 hereof, then the Company shall pay or provide the Executive on the date of such termination
(except, and only to the extent that, a later date is expressly provided in this Section 4.2.1) the following:

4.2.1.1 a
lump sum cash payment in the total amount equal to the sum of (a) 2.0 times the amount of the Executives Base Salary as of
the date of termination plus (b) (i) 1.0 times the amount of the Executives Incentive Bonus with respect to the calendar year
immediately preceding the year in which the date of termination occurs if as of the date of such termination the Executive has already
been paid the Incentive Bonus for the immediately preceding calendar year or (ii) 2.0 times the amount of the Executives Incentive
Bonus with respect to the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which the date of termination occurs if as of the date
of such termination the Executive is entitled to an Incentive Bonus for such immediately preceding calendar year but has not yet
been paid such Incentive Bonus by the Company (collectively, the Severance Payment), subject to receipt by the Company
of a release executed by the Executive pursuant to and in accordance with Section 4.6 hereof;

7

4.2.1.2 the
Amounts and Benefits;

4.2.1.3 the
Prior Year Bonuses;

4.2.1.4 current
year of the date of such Termination Pro-Rata Bonus, if applicable;

4.2.1.5 the
lump-sum Cash Medical Continuation Benefit provided for in Section 4.1.6.7 of this Agreement; and

4.2.1.6 in
the event a Change in Control shall not have theretofore occurred, and the Company has terminated the Executives employment
under this Agreement without Cause or the Executive has terminated his employment under this Agreement for Good Reason, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in the vesting and exercisability schedule in any stock option or other grant agreement
between the Company and the Executive, all of the Executives then outstanding stock options and other equity awards, if any,
granted by the Company to the Executive pursuant to any such agreement shall, to the extent not already vested, vest in their entirety
and, as applicable, become immediately and automatically exercisable commencing on the date of termination, and the Executive shall
be entitled to exercise such options within the sixty (60) consecutive day period immediately following the date of termination (but
not after the original option term).

4.3. Termination
Following a Change in Control. If the Executive terminates his employment under this Agreement for Good Reason or the Company
terminates the Executives employment hereunder without Cause (other than a termination by reason of death or Disability) within
24 months after a Change in Control (defined below), then the Company shall pay or provide the Executive on the date of termination
(except, and only to the extent that, a later date is expressly provided in this Section 4.2.2):

4.3.1 a
lump sum cash payment in the total amount equal to the sum of: (a) 2.0 times the amount of the Executives Base Salary as of
the date of termination plus (b) (i) 1.0 times the amount of the Executives Incentive Bonus with respect to the calendar year
immediately preceding the year in which the date of termination occurs if as of the date of such termination the Executive has already
been paid his Incentive Bonus for such immediately preceding calendar year or (ii) 2.0 times the amount of the Executives
Incentive Bonus with respect to the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which the date of termination occurs if as of
the date of such termination the Executive is entitled to an Incentive Bonus for such immediately preceding calendar year but has
not yet been paid such Incentive Bonus by the Company (collectively, Change in Control Severance Payment), subject
to receipt by the Company of a release executed by the Executive pursuant to and in accordance with Section 4.6 hereof;

8

4.3.2 the
Amounts and Benefits;

4.3.3 the
Prior Year Bonuses;

4.3.4 current
year of the date of such Termination Pro-Rata Bonus, if applicable;

4.3.5 the
lump-sum Cash Medical Continuation Benefit provided for in Section 4.1.6.7 of this Agreement; and

4.3.6 notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in the vesting and exercisability schedule in any stock option or other grant agreement
between the Company and the Executive, in the event of a Change in Control, all of the Executives then outstanding stock options
and other equity awards, if any, granted by the Company to the Executive pursuant to any such agreement shall, to the extent not
already vested, vest in their entirety and, as applicable, become immediately and automatically exercisable commencing on the date
of termination through the original term of such option or equity award.

4.4. Change
in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control means any of the following events, within the
meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v), occurring during the Term:

4.4.1 individuals
who, as of the date of this Agreement, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute
at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any person becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Agreement,
whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of
the directors comprising the Incumbent Board (other than an election or nomination of an individual whose initial assumption of office
is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of the directors of the Company, or other
actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of an individual, entity or group other than the Board relating to the
election of the directors of the Company) shall be deemed to be, for purposes of this Agreement, a member of the Incumbent Board;
or

9

4.4.2 the
date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-3), acquires ownership
of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the
total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company; or

4.4.3 the
date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-3), acquires (or has acquired
during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the
Company possessing thirty percent (30%) or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, other than the acquisition
by any person or group, which as of the date hereof has such ownership; or

4.4.4 the
Companys execution of an agreement for a merger or consolidation or other business combination involving the Company in which
the Company is not the surviving corporation, or, if immediately following such merger or consolidation or other business combination,
less than fifty percent (50%) of the surviving corporations outstanding voting stock is held by persons who are stockholders
of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation or other business combination; or

4.4.5 the
Companys adoption of a plan of dissolution or liquidation, other than if the Company is in bankruptcy at the time such plan
of dissolution or liquidation is adopted.

For
purposes of this Agreement, the term person shall mean any individual, firm, corporation or other entity and shall include
any successor (by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of such entity.

4.5. Payments
of Compensation Upon Termination. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if calculation of
the amount of any bonus payment, if any, under an Incentive Plan is not administratively practicable due to events beyond the control
of the Executive (or the Executives beneficiary), the payment will be treated as made upon the date specified under the Incentive
Plan if the payment is made during the first taxable year of the Executive in which the calculation of the amount of the payment
is administratively practicable.

10

4.6. Release.
The Companys obligation to pay Executive the Severance Payment (Section 4.2.1.1) and the Change in Control Severance Payment
(Section 4.3.1), shall be subject to the Executive executing a release of claims against the Company before the end of the Release
Expiration Date (defined below) and provided further that nothing contained in such release shall constitute a release of the
Company from any obligations it may have to the Executive (a) under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the
Executive and the Company in effect as of the date of termination; (b) relating to any employee benefit plan, stock option plan,
stock option agreement or ownership of the Companys stock or debt securities; or (c) relating to any rights of
indemnification and/or defense under the Companys certificate of incorporation, bylaws, under any other written agreement
between the Executive and the Company or coverage under officers and directors insurance. The Company will deliver such release to
Executive pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.6 within ten (10) calendar days following the date on which
such termination of employment constitutes a separation of service under the terms of this Agreement, and the Companys
failure to deliver such release prior to the expiration of such date of termination shall constitute a waiver of any requirement to
execute such release. Assuming timely delivery of the release by the Company, if the release is pursuant to and in accordance with
this Section 4.6, and Executive fails to execute such release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date, Executive will not be
entitled to Severance Payments or the Change in Control Severance Payment. In any case where the date of the separation from service
and the Release Expiration Date fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Executive that are subject
to the release condition and are treated as nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A shall be made in the
later taxable year. The term Release Expiration Date shall mean the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the
date upon which the Company timely delivers to Executive the release meeting the requirements as provided above, or in the event
that Executives separation from service is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination
program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is forty-five (45)
days following such delivery.

4.7. No
Duty to Mitigate. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 4 by
seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Section 4 be reduced by any
compensation earned by the Executive as the result of the Executives employment by another person, employer or business or by
profits earned by the Executive from any other source at any time before and after the Executives date of
termination.

4.8. Termination
by the Executive for Any Reasons Other Than Good Reason. Upon Executives separation from service as a result of the Executive
terminates his employment with the Company for any reason other than for Good Reason during the Term, the Company shall pay to the
Executive in a single lump sum payment on the date of such separation from service an amount equal to the Amounts and Benefits.

11

4.9. Resignation
of All Other Positions. On termination of the Executives employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive shall be deemed
to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof) of the
Company or any of its affiliates.

5.
Notice of Termination.

5.1. By
Company. The Company shall not be deemed to have terminated this Agreement for Cause pursuant to the terms of
Sections 4.1.3 and 4.2.1 hereof, unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution
(Notice of Termination for Cause) duly adopted by the affirmative vote of the Board at a meeting of the Board called
and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice to the Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together, with the
Executives counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive should
be terminated for Cause pursuant to Section 4.1.3 and 4.2.1, and specifying the particulars thereof in
detail.

5.2. By
Executive. The Executive shall not be deemed to have terminated this Agreement pursuant to the terms of Section 4.2 hereof, unless
and until there shall have been delivered by the Executive to the Company a Notice of Termination for Good Reason which
shall state the specific termination provision relied upon, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

6.
Indemnification.

6.1. The
Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Executive against any and all expenses reasonably incurred by him in connection
with or arising out of (a) the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative
(a Proceeding), in which he is a party, or (b) any claim asserted or threatened against him, in either case by reason
of or relating to his being or having been an employee, officer, director or agent of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company
or another company partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise for which he was serving in such capacity at the request
of the Company, whether or not he continues to be such an employee, officer, director or agent at the time of incurring such expenses,
provided, however, no such indemnification shall be made (i) if such indemnification is prohibited by law, (ii) with respect to any
Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Company related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Company or any
of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or the Executives employment hereunder, or (iii) if it is determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction that the Executive did not (A) act in good faith, (B) act in a manner he reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interest of the Company or (C) have reasonable cause to believe his conduct was not unlawful. Such
expenses shall include, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of attorneys, amounts of judgments and amounts of any settlements.
The foregoing indemnification obligation is independent of any similar obligation provided in the Companys certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, and shall apply with respect to any matters attributable to periods prior to or after the date of this Agreement,
and to matters attributable to the Executives employment hereunder, without regard to when asserted. In no event shall the
Company be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (in addition to any local counsel) separate from its own counsel,
and the Company will not indemnify the Executive for the fees or expenses of the Executives counsel in connection with any
claim which is being defended by counsel appointed by the Company or the Companys insurance carrier; provided, however, that
if the Executive shall have reasonably concluded (based on the advice of counsel) that there is a conflict of interest between the
Company and the Executive for counsel appointed by the Company or the Companys insurance carrier that would prohibit the counsel
retained by the Company or its insurance carrier from representing the Executive, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the
reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) separate counsel in addition to any local counsel for the Executive in connection with such
claims, subject to the limitations set forth above in this Section 6.

6.2. Costs
and expenses incurred by the Executive in defense of any such Proceeding described in Section 6.1 above for which indemnification
is to be made by the Company (including attorneys fees) shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of
such litigation upon receipt by the Company of: (i) a written request for payment; (ii) appropriate documentation evidencing the
incurrence, amount, and nature of the costs and expenses for which payment is being sought; and (iii) an undertaking adequate under
applicable law made by or on behalf of the Executive to repay the amounts so paid if it shall ultimately be determined that the Executive
is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under this Agreement.

12

7.
Section 409A and Section 280G of the Code.

7.1. Compliance
with Section 409A. It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement comply with or be excepted from Section 409A, as
applicable, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes
or penalties under Section 409A. If any provision of this Agreement (or of any award of compensation, including equity compensation
or benefits) would cause the Executive to incur any additional tax or interest under Section 409A, the Company shall, upon the
specific request of the Executive, use its reasonable business efforts to, in good faith, reform such provision to comply with
Section 409A; provided, that to the maximum extent practicable, the original intent and economic benefit to the Executive and
the Company of the applicable provision shall be maintained, but the Company shall have no obligation to make any changes that could
create any additional economic cost or loss of benefit to the Company. The Company shall timely use its reasonable business efforts
to amend any plan or program in which the Executive participates to bring it in compliance with Section 409A to the extent such
compliance is required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability with regard to any failure to comply with
Section 409A so long as it has acted in good faith with regard to compliance therewith.

7.2. Separation
From Service. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement
providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also
a Separation from Service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement,
references to a resignation, termination, termination of employment or like terms shall
mean Separation from Service. If the Executive is deemed on the date of termination of his employment to be a specified employee,
within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the
Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment, the providing of any benefit or
any distribution of equity made subject to this Section to the extent required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B)
of the Code, and any other payment, the provision of any other benefit or any other distribution of equity that is required to be
delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, such payment, benefit or distribution shall not be made or provided
prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Executives Separation from
Service or (ii) the date of the Executives death. On the first day of the seventh month following the date of the Executives
Separation from Service or, if earlier, on the date of his death, (x) all payments delayed pursuant to this Section (whether they
would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to
the Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance
with the normal payment dates specified for them herein and (y) all distributions of equity delayed pursuant to this Section 7.2
shall be made to the Executive. In addition to the foregoing, to the extent required by Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, prior
to the occurrence of a Disability termination as provided in this Agreement, the payment of any compensation to the Executive under
this Agreement shall be suspended for a period of six months commencing at such time that the Executive shall be deemed to have had
a Separation from Service because either (A) a sick leave ceases to be a bona fide sick leave of absence, or (B) the permitted time
period for a sick leave of absence expires (an SFS Disability), without regard to whether such SFS Disability actually
results in a Disability termination. Promptly following the expiration of such six-month period, all compensation suspended pursuant
to the foregoing sentence (whether it would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such
suspension) shall be paid or reimbursed to the Executive in a lump sum. On any delayed payment date under this Section there shall
be paid to the Executive or, if the Executive has died, to his estate, in a single cash lump sum together with the payment of such
delayed payment, interest on the aggregate amount of such delayed payment at the Delayed Payment Interest Rate (defined below in
this Section 7.2) computed from the date on which such delayed payment otherwise would have been made to the Executive until the
date paid. For purposes of the foregoing, the Delayed Payment Interest Rate shall mean the short term applicable federal
rate provided for in Section 1274(d) of the Code as of the business day immediately preceding the payment date for the applicable
delayed payment. To the extent that this Agreement provides for any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning
of Section 409A) to be made in installments (including, without limitation, any severance payments), each such installment shall
be deemed to be a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A.

13

7.3. Reimbursement
Provisions. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits,
except as permitted by Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or
exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any
taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable
year, provided that the foregoing clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement
covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is
in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of the Executives taxable year following the
taxable year in which the expense was incurred.

7.4. 280G
Parachute Payments. In the event that any payments or benefits (whether made or provided pursuant to this Agreement or
otherwise) provided to Executive constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code
(Parachute Payments), and will be subject to an excise tax imposed pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, the
Executives Parachute Payments will be reduced to an amount determined by the Company in good faith to be the maximum amount
that may be provided to the Executive without resulting in any portion of such Parachute Payments being subject to such excise tax
(the amount of such reduction, Cutback Benefits). The Parachute Payment reduction contemplated by the preceding
sentence, if applicable, shall be implemented by determining the Parachute Payment Ratio (as defined below) for each
Parachute Payment and then reducing the Parachute Payment in order beginning with the Parachute Payment with the highest Parachute
Payment Ratio. For Parachute Payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio, such Parachute Payments shall be reduced based on the
time of payment of such Parachute Payments, with amounts having later payment dates being reduced first. For Parachute Payments with
the same Parachute Payment Ratio and the same time of payment, such Parachute Payments shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (but not
below zero) prior to reducing Parachute Payments with a lower Parachute Payment Ratio. For purposes hereof, the term
Parachute Payment Ratio shall mean a fraction the numerator of which is the value of the applicable Parachute Payment
for purposes of Section 280G of the Code and the denominator of which is the intrinsic value of such Parachute Payment.

14

7.5. Clawback
Provisions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive acknowledges that any incentive-based
compensation paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject
to recovery under any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback
as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government, regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy
adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement),

8.
Miscellaneous.

8.1. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with those laws, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The Company and
the Executive unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court located in Atlanta, Georgia,
for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and
agree not to commence any action, suit or proceeding relating thereto except in such courts), and further agree that service of any
process, summons, notice or document by registered mail to the address set forth below shall be effective service of process for
any action, suit or proceeding brought against the Company or the Executive, as the case may be, in any such court.

8.2. No
Assignment. The Executive may not delegate his duties or assign his rights hereunder. No rights or obligations of the Company
under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by the Company other than pursuant to a merger or consolidation in which the
Company is not the continuing entity, or a sale, liquidation or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Company shall include the Company and, subject to the foregoing,
any of its successors and assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

8.3. Severable.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision.

15

8.4. Entire
Understanding; Modification and Waiver. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements,
either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company and contains
all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to such employment in any manner whatsoever. Any modification
or termination of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing signed by the parties hereto. No waiver by either of
the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other
party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent
time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as
a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege.

8.5. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all
of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has
been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto.

8.6. Mutual
Non-Disparagement. Subject to applicable law, the Executive covenants and agrees that the Executive shall not in any way
publicly disparage, call into disrepute, or otherwise defame or slander the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in any manner that
would materially damage the business or reputation of the Company or its subsidiaries. The Company covenants and agrees, on behalf
of itself and its subsidiaries, that neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries nor any of the officers, directors or key
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall in any way publicly disparage, call into disrepute, or otherwise defame or
slander the Executive. Nothing in this paragraph 8.6 shall preclude or restrict the Executive or the Company, any of the
subsidiaries of the Company or any of the Companys officers, directors or key employees from making truthful statements,
including, without limitation, those that are required by applicable law, regulation or in connection with a legal process or
proceeding, and the making of such statements shall not be a violation of this subsection.

8.7. Confidential Information and Restrictive Covenants

8.7.1 No
Disclosure. Subject to the terms of this Section 8.7, during the Restricted Period (as defined below), the Executive agrees to
hold in confidence and not disclose any and all proprietary, secret or confidential information (Confidential
Information) relating to the Company or the Companys subsidiaries, which shall have been obtained by the Executive
during the Executives employment by the Company. Confidential Information is defined as the proprietary, client or business
information of the Company, written or in a physical embodiment, including, but not limited to, customer lists, employee lists,
financial information, pricing data, sales data, marketing data, or business plans or proposals.

16

8.7.2 Exception.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.7.1 above, the Executive shall not be held liable for disclosure of information which
was in the public domain, or is readily available to the public at the time of its disclosure by the Executive through means
unrelated to the Executives disclosure, or is required to be disclosed in, or in connection with, a legal proceeding or
process or is required to be disclosed by law, rule or regulation.

8.7.3 Permitted
Communications. Nothing herein prohibits or restricts the Executive (or the Executives attorney) from initiating
communications directly with, responding to an inquiry from, or providing testimony before the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA), any other self-regulatory organization, or any other federal or state regulatory authority regarding a possible
securities law violation.

8.7.4 Other
Restrictive Covenant. Subject to the terms hereof, the Executive agrees that during the Restricted Period he will not, by or for
himself, or as an agent, representative or employee of another, do or attempt to solicit, entice, persuade or induce any individual
who is employed by the Company or its subsidiaries (or was so employed within 90 days prior to the Executives action) to
terminate or refrain from renewing or extending such employment or to become employed by or enter into contractual relations with
any other individual or entity other than the Company or its subsidiaries.

8.7.5 Restricted
Period. Restricted Period is the 12-month period after the date of termination of the Executives employment
with the Company.

8.7.6 Other
Agreements. If any of the restrictions provided in Section 8.7 are contrary to the requirements or limitations contained in any
other agreement between the Executive and the Company, the terms of this Section 8.7 of this Agreement shall be controlling.

8.8. Cooperation.
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executives
cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executives employment for any reason, to the extent
reasonably requested by the Board, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executives
service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executives
other activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation
and, to the extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive
at an hourly rate based on the Executives Base Salary on the Termination Date.

17

9.
Notices.

All
notices relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either personally delivered, sent by telecopy (receipt confirmed)
or mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, to be delivered at such address as is indicated below, or at such other address
or to the attention of such other person as the recipient has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Notice shall be
effective when so personally delivered, one business day after being sent by telecopy or five days after being mailed.

If
to the Company: Penna-Fix
Environmental Services, Inc.

8302
Dunwoody Place, Suite 250

Atlanta,
Georgia 30350 Attn: President

If
to the Executive: Troy
Eshleman

704
Colina Cir.

Knoxville,
TN 37922

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the 17th day of April, 2025.

The
Company

PERMA-FIX
ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES, INC., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/Larry
Shelton

Larry
Shelton, Chairman of the Board

The
Executive

/s/
Troy Eshleman

TROY
ESHLEMAN

Chief
Operating Officer Employment Agreement 042025 ( FINAL).doc

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pesi-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pesi-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pesi-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 1-11596

Entity Registrant Name PERMA
FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC

Entity Central Index Key 0000891532

Entity Tax Identification Number 58-1954497

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8302
Dunwoody Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, City or Town Atlanta

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30350

City Area Code (770)

Local Phone Number 587-9898

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, Par Value , $.001 Per Share

Trading Symbol PESI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://perma-fix.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
pesi-20250417.xsd 
pesi-20250417_lab.xml 
pesi-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005561-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000891532 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000891532 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
PERMA FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC 
DE 
1-11596 
58-1954497 
8302 Dunwoody Place 
Suite 250 
Atlanta 
GA 
30350 
(770) 
587-9898 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value , $.001 Per Share 
PESI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>