<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-001697.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-001697.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324172509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-001697
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		25765165

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-291-7778

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235304-8k_nightfood.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000159300100015930012025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 13, 2025

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of the
registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-55406 46-3885019

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

520 White Plains Road - Suite 500

Tarrytown, New York10591

(Address of principle executive offices) (Zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (866) 291-7778

Not Applicable

(Former name or address if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14A-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14D-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered:

Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 13, 2025, Nightfood Holdings, Inc. (the
Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA) with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (the Investor),
pursuant to which the Company issued a senior secured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $425,000.00 (the Note),
at an original issue discount of ten percent (10%), resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $382,500.00, with certain amounts withheld
for transaction-related expenses.

In connection with the SPA, the Company also entered
into amendments to that certain Security Agreement, dated June 1, 2023, by and between the Company, Nightfood, Inc., MJ Munchies, Inc.,
Future Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc., SWC Group, Inc., and the Investor, as amended (the Security Agreement), that
certain Pledge Agreement, dated June 1, 2023, by and between the Company, Mr. Lei Sonny Wang, and the Investor, as amended (the Pledge
Agreement), and that certain Guarantee, dated June 1, 2023, by and between Nightfood, Inc., MJ Munchies, Inc., the Company, Future
Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc., SWC Group, Inc., and the Investor, as amended (the Guarantee) to, respectively, incorporate
the Note under the Security Agreement, Pledge Agreement and Guarantee.

The Note matures twenty-four (24) months from
the issue date and bears interest at a rate of fifteen (15%) per annum, with additional interest provisions. The Note is convertible at
any time on or after the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) into shares of the Companys common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, at a conversion price of $0.033 per share, subject to adjustments for stock splits, dividends, and similar corporate
actions.

The SPA, Note, and the amendments to the Security
Agreement, Pledge Agreement, and Guarantee are being filed as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein
by reference. The foregoing descriptions do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text
of each agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 through 10.5. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and between Nightfood Holdings, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

10.2 Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated March 13, 2025, issued by Nightfood Holdings, Inc. in favor of Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

10.3 Ninth Amendment to Security Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and among Nightfood Holdings, Inc., Nightfood, Inc., MJ Munchies, Inc., Future Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc., SWC Group, Inc., and Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

10.4 Ninth Amendment to Pledge Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and among Nightfood Holdings, Inc., Lei Sonny Wang, and Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

10.5 Ninth Amendment to Guarantee Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and among Nightfood Holdings, Inc., Nightfood, Inc., MJ Munchies, Inc., Future Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc., SWC Group, Inc., and Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf of the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: March 24, 2025

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: /s/ Lei Sonny Wang 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023530401ex10-1_nightfood.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 13, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. AND MAST HILL FUND, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of March 13, 2025, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at 520 White Plains Road, Suite 500, Tarrytown, NY 10591 (the Company), and MAST
HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 150 Grossman Drive, Suite 205, Braintree, MA 02184 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act) and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the 1933 Act;

B.Buyer desires to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement, a senior secured promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of $425,000.00 (as the
principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or
as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A, the Note), convertible into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Note;

C.In connection with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and the Buyer are also entering into that certain ninth amendment
to the security agreement dated on or around June 1, 2023 (the Security Amendment), ninth amendment to the pledge agreement
dated on or around June 1, 2023 (the Pledge Amendment), and ninth amendment to the guarantee agreement dated on or around
June 1, 2023 (the Guarantee Amendment);

D.The
Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth
immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto.

NOW THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Note.

a.Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees
to purchase from the Company, the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall
mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required
by law or executive order to remain closed.

b. Form
of Payment. On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of $382,500.00 (the Purchase Price)
for the Note, to be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the
Company, in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company
shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the
Closing, the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of $7,500.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyers legal fees
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

c.Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section
7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be on
the date that the Purchase Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement.

d.Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing
Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures).

1

2.Buyers Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that:

a.Investment Purpose. As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note (the Note, and shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares) shall collectively be referred to herein as
the Securities) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except
pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by making the representations
herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose
of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

b.Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D (an Accredited Investor).

c.Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon
the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities.

d.Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue
to be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer
and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and
for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its
business and affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding
the Company or otherwise and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly
following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of
its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties
contained in Section 3 below.

e.Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

f.Transfer
or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under
the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost
of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred
may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the
Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a
successor rule) (Rule 144)) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance
with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable
exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation
S), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in
form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the
Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule
and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person
through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance
with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor
any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply
with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained
herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the
Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any
notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise.

2

g.Legends. The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note and Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933
Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive legend
in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities):

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The legend
set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common
Stock without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable
shares of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holders broker with The Depository
Trust Company (DTC), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined
in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

3

h.Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of
equity.

3.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that:

a.Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority
(corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used,
operated and conducted. Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction
in which each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and
is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes
such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects
of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated
or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b.Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
the Note, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note, and Conversion Shares by the Company and the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, as well as the issuance
and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) have been duly authorized by the Companys
Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders
is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have
been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official
representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or
therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the
Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their terms.

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of March 13, 2025, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 200,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock, of which 128,957,407 shares were issued and outstanding, and 1,005,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, of which
1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, 1,950 shares of Series B preferred stock, 13,333 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock,
and 1,667 shares of Series D preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
and the Conversion Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of
capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens
or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as
publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional
shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are
no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights
to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company has furnished or made available (which
may be through the SEC Documents) to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation as in effect
on the date hereof (Certificate of Incorporation), the Companys By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws),
and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders
thereof in respect thereto.

4

d.Issuance of Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance (or will be reserved
for issuance as provided in the Note) and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject
to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

e.[Intentionally Omitted].

f.Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares
to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue, upon conversion of
the Note, the Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms thereof, are absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect
that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.

g.Ranking; No Conflicts. The Note shall have priority in payment and performance over all indebtedness of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, as further provided in that certain Security Amendment entered into between the Company, the Subsidiaries, and the Buyer
on the date of this Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C. The Company represents and warrants that there
are no security interests in, or liens on, the Companys assets except as created in favor of the Buyer under the Security Amendment.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares) will
not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict
with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, note,
evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party,
or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and
regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject) applicable to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except
for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained in any other contract
in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation
of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in default)
under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would give to others
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected,
except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in
violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as
required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization
or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization
or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement and the
Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon conversion
of the Note, issue Conversion Shares. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to
obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation
of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein) and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will
be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading
market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock
Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.

5

h. SEC Documents;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and
schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter
referred to herein as the SEC Documents). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or
has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in
subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal
year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business
subsequent to December 31, 2024, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business
and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or
in the aggregate, are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the
reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. The Company has never been a shell company as described in Rule
144(i)(1)(i).

i.Absence of Certain Changes. Since December 31, 2024, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development
in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting
status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

j.Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public
board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that
could have a Material Adverse Effect. With the exception of a certain pending lawsuit filed June 2, 2022 titled Jose Meija vs. Nightfood
Inc. regarding the accessibility of the Nightfood.com website for consumers with visual impairments, which the Company believes is part
of a coordinated effort on behalf of certain law firms to use the Americans with Disabilities Act to extort settlements from companies
that conduct commerce online, and which the Company has retained counsel and expects to settle for between $10,000 and $16,000, the SEC
Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and
its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

k.Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use
all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks,
service names, trade names and copyrights (Intellectual Property) necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now
operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding
pending, or to the Companys knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to
any Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated
in the future); to the best of the Companys knowledge, the Companys or its Subsidiaries current and intended products,
services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of
any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable
security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.

6

l.No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other
legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or
is expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Companys officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

m.Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other
tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes)
and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate
for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know
of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment
or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Companys tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing
authority.

n.Transactions with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or for arms length transactions pursuant to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none
of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the
furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from
any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which
any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

o.Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement
and provided to the Buyer pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true
and correct in all material respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred
or exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial
conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not
been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Companys reports filed under the 1934 Act are being
incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act).

p.Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting
solely in the capacity of arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives
or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental
to the Buyers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Companys decision to enter
into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives.

q.No
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would
require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer
will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any
shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

7

r.No Brokers; No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie & Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the
Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its
employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions
described in this Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s),
or partner(s) is required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in order to (i) enter into or
consummate the transactions encompassed by this Agreement, Security Amendment, Pledge Amendment, Guarantee Amendment, the Note, and the
related transaction documents entered into in connection herewith (the Transaction Documents), (ii) fulfill the Buyers
obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (iii) exercise any of the Buyers rights under the Transaction Documents (including
but not limited to the sale of the Securities).

s.Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations,
licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits), and there
is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except
for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to
possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations,
which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

t.
Environmental Matters.

(i)There are, to the Companys knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company,
no past or present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities,
circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability
or any liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local
or foreign laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor
is any action pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental
Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating
to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes
(collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands
or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered,
promulgated or approved thereunder.

(ii)Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained
on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were
released on or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the
property was owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Companys or any
of its Subsidiaries business.

(iii)There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that are not in compliance with applicable law.

8

u.Title
to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and
marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto,
or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its
Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect.

v.Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which
the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be
able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as
may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will
provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors
and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.

w.Internal Accounting Controls. Except as may be disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Companys board of directors, to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization
and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences.

x.Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee
or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company,
used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity;
made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated
or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff,
influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

y.Solvency. The Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving
effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair
its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature.

z.No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement
will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment
Company). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

aa. No Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is
not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

bb. No Disqualification
Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting
equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a
Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has
exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event.

9

cc. Manipulation
of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation
for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company.

dd. Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA)
and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

ee. Illegal
or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys knowledge,
any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business
entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made
or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i)
as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive
public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

ff. Breach
of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered
an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note.

4.
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS, AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS.

a.Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and
7 of this Agreement.

b.Form D; Blue Sky Laws. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D
and to provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action
as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant
to this Agreement under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption
from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.

c.Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds first for the payment of $1,500 to the Companys transfer agent,
$20,000 to the Companys legal counsel, $220,000 to the Companys auditor, and $70,000 to the Companys accountant,
and second for expenses related to compliance and merger and ongoing acquisition activity, and not for any other purpose, including but
not limited to (i) the repayment of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii)
any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with the Companys
currently existing operations), (iii) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors, employees, or affiliates of the Company,
or (iv) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation.

10

d.
Right of Participation and First Refusal.

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of
this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly
or indirectly, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option
to purchase or other disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including
without limitation any debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any
circumstances, convertible into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or
announcement being referred to as a Subsequent Placement) or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to
the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have first complied with this Section 4(d).

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice) of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100%) of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer).

(iii)To accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice
of Acceptance) to the Company prior to the end of the fifth (5th) Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyers
receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer Period), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription
Amount). The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms
and conditions (including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such
terms and conditions is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer.

(iv)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify
or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that
such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer
a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer shall expire at the end of the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the
Buyers receipt of such new Offer Notice.

(v)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the terms and conditions of this Section 4(d) of this Agreement shall not apply
to any of the following issuances of securities (collectively, the Excluded Offerings): (A) [reserved]; (B) pursuant to
the issuance, vesting and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase rights
issued (or to be issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory purposes
pursuant to any stock purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors
(or the Compensation Committee thereof) at any time; (C) pursuant to the exercise or conversion of preferred stock, options, warrants
or any evidence of indebtedness, shares of capital stock (other than Common Stock) or other securities convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock outstanding (or in the case of warrants underlying outstanding preferred stock, which may be issued and outstanding)
as of the date hereof and as disclosed in the SEC Documents prior to the date hereof; (D) in connection with the acquisition of all or
part of another entity by stock acquisition, merger, consolidation or other reorganization, or by the purchase of all or part of the assets
of such other entity (including securities issued to persons formerly employed by such other entity and subsequently hired by the Company
and to any brokers or finders in connection therewith); (E) in connection with strategic transactions approved by the Board of Directors
(provided such transactions is not primarily for the purpose of raising capital); (F) to bona fide commercial partners, or lessors in
connection with credit arrangements, equipment financings or similar transactions approved by the Board of Directors; (G) in connection
with the Companys acquisition, joint-venture, licensing or business transaction of intellectual property assets from any individuals
or entities approved by the Board of Directors (provided such transactions is not primarily for the purpose of raising capital); (H) shares
of Common Stock issued pursuant to equipment lease arrangements or financings from a bank approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;
and (I) any units, shares of common stock, warrants or other securities issued or issuable pursuant to the Companys Regulation
A+ offering as the same may be amended from time to time, and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof (the Reg
A+ Offering).

11

e. Usury. To the
extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time
hereafter in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or
remedy under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is
expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby for payments which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall
any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the
nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable
to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or
any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the
Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby from the
effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever,
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement,
the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by the Buyer to the unpaid
principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the
Buyers election.

f.Restriction on Activities. Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in
full or full conversion of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyers prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure
of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business.

g.Listing. The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common
Stock on the Principal Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the
Pink Sheets electronic quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations
under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and such exchanges, as applicable. The
Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic
quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such
exchanges and quotation systems.

h.Corporate Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate
existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation
or sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes
the Companys obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly
traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market,
the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT.

i.No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances
that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities
to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable
to the Company or its securities.

j. Compliance with 1934
Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note or Conversion Shares, the Company shall
comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. During the period that the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, if the Company shall (i) fail for any reason to
satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information
requirements under Rule 144(c) or (ii) if the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes such an
issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (each, a Public
Information Failure) then, as partial relief for the damages to the Buyer by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its
ability to sell the Securities (which remedy shall not be exclusive of any other remedies available pursuant to this Agreement, the
Note, or at law or in equity), the Company shall pay to the Buyer an amount in cash equal to three percent (3%) of the Purchase
Price on each of the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty
days) thereafter until the date such Public Information Failure is cured. The payments to which a holder shall be entitled pursuant
to this Section 4(k) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure
Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure
Payments are incurred and (iii) the third business day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure
Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public
Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full.

12

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock.

l.Legal Counsel Opinions. Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost)
for promptly supplying to the Companys transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal
Counsel Opinion) to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns
is exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied
by the delivery to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect and provided the Conversion Shares are not then registered
under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements
of such other applicable exemption are satisfied by the delivery to the Company of customary representations letters to that effect).
In addition, the Buyer may (at the Companys cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion,
and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position
that it is a shell company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise.

m.Piggy-Back Registration Rights. The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth in Exhibit
B hereto.

n.Most Favored Nation. So long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, the Company shall not enter into any public or private
offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual or entity (an Other
Investor) that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor in a manner more favorable in
any material respect to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive the benefit of such more favorable term until
a default occurs under such other security) than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Buyer by this Agreement, the Note,
and the related transaction documents unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to
a definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in
this Agreement, this Section 4(n) of this Agreement shall not apply to the issuance of Common Stock (or warrants if sold with the Common
Stock as a component of units) pursuant to a Regulation A offering.

o.Subsequent Variable Rate Transactions. From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid,
the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate
Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into,
exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price,
exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange
price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or
(ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a
future determined price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. This Section 4(o) shall not apply to the Companys existing obligations
as of the date hereof, which are disclosed in the SEC Documents.

13

p. Non-Public
Information. Except as may be required pursuant to Section 4(d), the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other
person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company
reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt
of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the
Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Except as may be required
pursuant to Section 4(d), to the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such
Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on
the basis of, such material, non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided, information provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or
contains material non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such
notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In. addition
to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if the Company provides any material
non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately (no later than that business
day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial liquidated damages and not
as a penalty a sum equal to $3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer and ending and including
the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed.

q.D&O Insurance. In the event the Company does not so have as of the date hereof, within 60 calendar days of the Closing,
the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company's (including its subsidiary) officers and directors
for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expense in connection
with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their status as a director or officer of the Company.
The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage.

r.Preferred Designation. Until the Note is extinguished in the entirety, the Company shall not designate any new classes of
preferred stock or amend any existing classes of preferred stock without the written consent of the Buyer.

s.No Broker-Dealer Acknowledgement. Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating
otherwise, the Company shall not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert,
that Buyer is currently, or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

t.Breach of Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in
this Section 4, in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of
Default under Section 3.3 of the Note.

5. Transfer Agent
Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Companys transfer agent to issue certificates
and/or issue shares electronically at the Buyers option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion
of the Note, the Conversion Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company in accordance with
the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its
transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to
irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer agent
to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the
Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates or book entry shares
shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other
than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer agent
and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided
in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its
transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to
the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will
not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing)
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Securities
issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and/or this Agreement and
(iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within one (1) business day of
each conversion of the Note. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyers obligations and agreement set forth
in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If
the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the
Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, the Company shall permit the
transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from
restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it
of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions
contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section
5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that
the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring
immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

14

6.Conditions to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note
to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto,
provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a. The Buyer shall have executed
this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and
as of the Closing Date, as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and
the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d. No litigation, statute, rule,
regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court
or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated
hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.Conditions to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the
Closing Date, is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these
conditions are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.The Company shall have executed this Agreement, the Security Amendment, the Guarantee Amendment, and Pledge Amendment, and delivered
the same to the Buyer.

b. The Company shall have delivered
to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Companys
Transfer Agent.

d. The representations and warranties
of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though made at
such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.

e. No litigation, statute, rule,
regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court
or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated
hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

15

f.No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but
not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting
obligations.

g.Trading
in the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market.

h.The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer resolutions adopted by the Companys Board of Directors at a duly called meeting
or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated hereby.

8.
Governing Law; Miscellaneous.

a. Governing Law; Venue.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles of
conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the
Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located
in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive
any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO
REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees
and costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law.

b. Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. A facsimile
or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as
if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile or email/.pdf
transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof.

c.Construction; Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not
be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall
not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d.Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered
in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby.

e. Entire Agreement; Amendments.
This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the
matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any
representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer.

16

f. Notices. All notices,
demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise
specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at the address or number designated below
(if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following
such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received). The addresses
for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to:

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.

520 White Plains Road, Suite 500

Tarrytown, NY 10591

Attention: Lei Sonny Wang

e-mail: Sonny@nightfoodholdings.com

If to the Buyer:

MAST HILL FUND, L.P.

150 Grossman Drive, Suite 205

Braintree, MA 02184

e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com

g.Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may
assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction
from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.

h. Third Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not
for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

i. Survival. The representations
and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding
any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and
all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach
by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations
under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

j. Publicity. The Company,
and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal Market
or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).

k. Further Assurances.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

l.No
Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

17

m. Indemnification. In
consideration of the Buyers execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition to
all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or
relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or
any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or
obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these
purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance
or enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the
Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall
make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable
law.

n.Remedies.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement,
the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

o.Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant
to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or exercises its
rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited
to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee,
receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign,
state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made
or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar amount equal to the amount
that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged
by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or
any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law
or equitable cause of action).

p.Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other
or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: LEI SONNY WANG 

Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: $425,000.00 

Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: $382,500.00 

19

EXHIBIT
A

FORM OF NOTE

[attached hereto]

20

EXHIBIT
B

PIGGY-BACK
REGISTRATION RIGHTS

All of the
Conversion Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized terms
used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this
Exhibit is attached.

1.
Piggy-Back Registration.

1.1Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement
under the 1933 Act (a Registration Statement) with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other
obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders
of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed
in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection
with a merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
Piggy-Back Registration). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be
included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale
or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding
that the Company shall file the initial prospectus covering the Buyers sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market
prices on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC).

1.2Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable
Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand
pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in
connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below.

1.3The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holders Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies
of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable
Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable
Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification
until the receipt of such supplement or amendment.

1.4 The Company may request
a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holders
proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time
reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information.

21

1.5 All fees and expenses
incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any
Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the
Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with
respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in
compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of
Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single
special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities
requesting such registration) which shall in no event exceed $2,500 in fees. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all
of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including,
without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of
any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities
exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of
Registrable Securities.

1.6The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities,
the officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent
role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity
who controls the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of
the 1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities
with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each
such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the
1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit B, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware.

1.7 If the
indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for
any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or
omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and
Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or
relates to information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission.

[End of Exhibit B]

22

Exhibit C

(see attached)

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023530401ex10-2_nightfood.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED MARCH 13, 2025, ISSUED BY NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. IN FAVOR OF MAST HILL FUND, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID
ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal Amount: $425,000.00 Issue Date: March 13, 2025

Actual Amount of Purchase Price: $382,500.00 

SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY
NOTE

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company)
(Trading Symbol: NGTF), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or registered
assigns (the Holder), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of $425,000.00, which
amount is the $382,500.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration) hereof plus an original issue discount
in the amount of $42,500.00 (the OID) (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount) and to pay interest
on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) (the Interest Rate) per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise,
as further provided herein. The Interest Rate shall decrease to 5% during the period(s) that the Common Stock is listed for trading on
an Exchange (as defined in this Note). On March 13 of every calendar year after the Issue Date until the Note is no longer outstanding
(each an OID Increase Date), the OID shall increase by 10% of the total outstanding balance of the Note on such OID Increase
Date. The maturity date shall be twenty-four (24) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date), and is the date upon which
the Principal Amount, the OID, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable.

This Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part
except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein.

Any Principal
Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) twenty four percent (24%)
per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed.

All payments
due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be
made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this
Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall
instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day.

Each capitalized
term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement). As used in this Note,
the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of
New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading Day
means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement),
provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any business day.

This Note
is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The following terms shall also apply to this Note:

ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

1.1 Conversion
Right. The Holder shall have the right, at any time on or following the date that an Event of Default (as defined in this Note) occurs
under this Note, to convert all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default
Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital
stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price
(as defined below) determined as provided herein (a Conversion), by submitting to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer
agent a Notice of Conversion (as defined in this Note) by e-mail dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New
York time; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the a Holder shall not have the right
to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates (the Affiliates),
and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons,
Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes
of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but
shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion
of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may
be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this
Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability
company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental
entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.
The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as
defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion), delivered to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent by the
Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by e-mail to the Borrower or Borrowers
transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date). The term Conversion
Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted in
such conversion plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest
Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the
immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2).

2

1.2
Conversion Price.

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder as further described in this Note (the Conversion Price)
shall equal $0.033 (the Fixed Price), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is listed for trading on an Exchange on
the respective Conversion Date, then the Conversion Price on such respective Conversion Date shall equal the lesser of (i) the Fixed Price
or (ii) the Market Price (as defined in this Note), in each case subject to adjustment as provided in this Note. Exchange
shall mean any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), NYSE American, or any successor to the aforementioned
markets. Market Price shall mean the lowest one (1) VWAP (as defined in this Note) of the Common Stock during the five (5)
Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Conversion Date. VWAP shall mean the lower of the (i) dollar volume-weighted
average price for such security on the Exchange during Regular Trading Hours (as defined in this Note), (ii) dollar volume-weighted average
price for such security on the Exchange during the pre-market period prior to Regular Trading Hours, or (iii) dollar volume-weighted average
price for such security on the Exchange during the after-market period after Regular Trading Hours, in each case as reported by Quotestream
or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder. Regular Trading Hours shall mean regular trading
hours as defined in Rule 600(b)(88) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws. If at any time the Conversion
Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of
the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion
may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to
the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same
number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price.
Holder shall be entitled to deduct $1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holders fees associated
with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock
split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common
Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock
of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.
Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Companys subsidiaries which would entitle the
holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or
other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to
receive, Common Stock.

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a
number of Conversion Shares equal to the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment
of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation (taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as
provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) four (4) (the Reserved Amount); provided that for purposes of this Section
1.3, the Company and the Holder agree and acknowledge that the aforementioned formula in Section 1.3(b) of this Note shall only be in
effect on and after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion
Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed
its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated
by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who
are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute
and issue the necessary certificates for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section
1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

3

1.4
Method of Conversion.

(a) [Intentionally
Omitted].

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(c) Payment
of Taxes. The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holders
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent from the Holder of an e-mail of a
Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or
cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery
of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within two (2) Trading Day after such receipt (the Deadline)
(and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this
Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline
a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on
the Companys share register or to credit the Holders balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion
Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure), then, in
addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline
and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued
to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the
Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without
violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of
Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Companys obligations
to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline
the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys share
register or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon
the Holders exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after
such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of
a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then
the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash
to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and
customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (the Buy-In Price), at which point
the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holders balance
account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate
or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holders balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder
in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B)
the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive
relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically
deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrowers
transfer agent pursuant to the terms hereof, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon
such conversion, the outstanding Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all
rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock
or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion
as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic
delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence
of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower
to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder
of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower
to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date
so long as the Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrowers transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time,
on such date.

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section
1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

1.5 Concerning
the Shares. The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are
sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase
Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under
the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares that
has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration statement
or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate:

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT,
OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

5

The legend
set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares without
such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery by
crediting the account of such holders broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a) such
Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold
pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as
of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with
applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by
the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S,
or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note.

1.6
Effect of Certain Events.

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined
below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which the Borrower
shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to the Default
Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the
rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment
of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not effectuate
any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least thirty (30) days prior
written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 1.6(b).
The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the
Borrowers shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a
Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

6

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights) pro rata to the record holders
of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on
which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(e) Dilutive
Issuance. Except for Exempt Issuances (as defined in this Note) and Reg A Issuances (as defined in this Note), if the Borrower, at
any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or has issued, sold or granted as of the
Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or
has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock
or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity the right to acquire, shares of Common
Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes or warrants outstanding as of or following
the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the
Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it being agreed that if the
holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset
provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the
Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance),
then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment
shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company
issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)),
and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock at an effective price per share that
is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading
prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion Price to such Base Conversion Price
(including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock)
in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated a conversion at the Base Conversion
Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.6(e)
shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. Exempt Issuance means the issuance, vesting
and/or exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other common stock purchase rights issued (or to be
issued) to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to, the Company for compensatory purposes pursuant to any stock
purchase plan, stock option plan, equity incentive plan or other plan or arrangement approved by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation
Committee thereof) at any time. Reg A Issuances means an issuance of Common Stock (or units consisting of Common Stock and
warrants) pursuant to an offering by the Company under Regulation A so long as the offering price of each share of Common Stock is equal
to or greater than $0.10 (subject to adjustment for any stock split, stock combination, or other similar transactions; and for the avoidance
of doubt, assuming any such warrants have no value), provided, however, that if an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) occurs at
any time, then this Section 1.6(e) of this Note shall apply to each and every Reg A Issuance on or after the Issue Date as well as the
exercise price of any common stock purchase warrants issued as part of a unit in connection with a Reg A Issuance.

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) business day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) business day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is
based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note.

7

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted].

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the Conversion
Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holders allocated portion of the Reserved Amount
or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holders rights as a Holder of such
converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to
comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common
Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this
Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower)
the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall,
as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect
that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies for the Borrowers
failure to convert this Note.

1.9 Prepayment.
At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on three
(3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due under
this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice) shall
be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay
the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice (the Optional
Prepayment Date). On the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the
order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance
with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100% multiplied by
the Principal Amount then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date
plus (y) $750.00 to reimburse Holder for administrative fees.

If the Borrower delivers an
Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as provided in this Section
1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section 1.9.

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds. If, at any time prior to the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives
cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources from the issuance of equity (excluding the conversion of outstanding
warrants of the Company), debt or the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in this Note)) of the Borrower,
the Borrower shall, within three (3) business days of Borrowers receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose
such receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to
50% of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then
due under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of
Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the
Company has the right to put its Common Stock to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed
price or price formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the investors
or underwriters resale). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 1.10 of this Note shall not apply to any revenue from the
sale of goods in the ordinary course.

8

ARTICLE II. RANKING AND
CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1 Ranking
and Security. This Note shall be a senior secured obligation of the Borrower, with priority over all existing and future indebtedness
of the Borrower, as provided in that certain Security Amendment (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Security Amendment).

2.2 Other
Indebtedness. In addition to all obligations under the Security Amendment, for so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under
this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any
indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in priority of payment and performance) the Borrowers obligations hereunder,
including but not limited to (a) all indebtedness of the Borrower for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or
services, including any type of letters of credit, (b) all obligations of the Borrower evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other
similar instruments, (c) purchase money indebtedness hereafter incurred by the Borrower to finance the purchase of fixed or capital assets,
including all capital lease obligations of the Borrower which do not exceed the purchase price of the assets funded, (d) all guarantee
obligations of the Borrower in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (c) above that the Borrower would
not be permitted to incur or enter into, and (e) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (d) above that the Borrower
is not permitted to incur or enter into that are secured and/or unsecured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing
right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured and/or unsecured by) any lien or encumbrance on property (including accounts and contract
rights) owned by the Borrower, whether or not the Borrower has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation.

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holders
written consent pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities)
on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock.

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holders written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other
securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants,
rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower.

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders written
consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent
by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holders written consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, firm, joint venture or corporation, including,
without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a)
in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to the Issue Date, (b) in regard
to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated
third parties, not in excess of $100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holders written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower in connection with any indebtedness or
accrued amounts owed to any such party.

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
(a 3(a)(9) Transaction) or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction). In the event that
the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while this
note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25% of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than $25,000,
will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to the
balance of this Note (under Holder's and Borrower's expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). This Section 2.7 shall
not apply to the Companys existing convertible notes issued prior to the Issue Date.

9

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holders written consent, (a) change the nature of its business;

(b) sell, divest, change the
structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter
into any merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become
or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or remain, duly
qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction
of its business makes such qualification necessary.

2.9 Noncircumvention.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note.

ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF
DEFAULT

It shall be considered an event of
default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note (provided, however, that such failure
to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note shall be subject to a five (5) calendar day cure period).

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
(iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times on and after the earlier of (i) the date that an Event of Default occurs under
this Note and (ii) the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to
transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any
certificate for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required
by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from
removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion
Shares issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written
announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall
continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for
two (2) Trading Days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations
to its transfer agent (including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this
Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If
at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrowers transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such
advanced funds shall be added to the principal balance of the Note.

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant, agreement, or other material term or condition contained
in the Transaction Documents, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions), or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or
therewith.

10

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Transaction Documents, Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith
shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made.

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or
trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.6 Judgments.
Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any of
its property or other assets for more than $100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days
unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

3.7 Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any
bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the date that is ten (10) calendar days after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail
to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (subject to a five Trading Day right to cure) and/or the Borrower shall cease
to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

3.9 Liquidation.
Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets
which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future).

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding unless the Borrower restates such financial
statements within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Borrower discloses its need to restate such financial statements
in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

3.14 Cross-Default.
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or
other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the
Companys filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods.

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions. The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date.

11

3.16 Inside
Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrowers filing of a Form
8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144. If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to obtain
a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney in order to facilitate the Holders conversion of any portion
of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrowers Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144.

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock. If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrowers Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market.

3.19 Market Capitalization. The
Borrower fails to maintain a market capitalization of at least $500,000 on any Trading Day, which shall be calculated by multiplying (i)
the closing price of the Borrowers common stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective date of calculation by
(ii) the total shares of the Borrowers common stock issued and outstanding on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective
date of calculation.

3.20 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall
become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount
equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 150% (collectively the Default Amount), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder may,
in Holders sole discretion, convert all or any portion of this Note (including the Default Amount) into Common Stock pursuant to
the terms of this Note. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default under this Note, the Holder may, in Holders sole discretion,
adjust the Conversion Price to fifty percent of the Conversion Price then in effect at the time of such Event of Default under this Note
(subject to adjustment as provided in this Note, including but not limited to appropriate adjustments for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock).
The Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative to,
and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2 Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be transmitted by e-mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party
shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall
be deemed effective upon delivery by e-mail, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting machine, at the address or number
designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business
day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received).
The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Borrower, to:

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS, INC.

520 White Plains Road, Suite 500

Tarrytown, NY 10591

Attention: Lei Sonny Wang

e-mail: Sonny@nightfoodholdings.com

12

If to the Holder:

MAST HILL FUND, L.P.

150 Grossman Drive, Suite 205

Braintree, MA 02184

e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com

4.3 Amendments.
This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note
and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended
or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4 Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors
and assigns. Neither the Borrower nor the Holder shall assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor
(as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates, as that
term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note
may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal
amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorneys Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts
located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection
to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A
JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and
costs.

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder
in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock.

13

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered into
in connection herewith and therewith.

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrowers shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9.

4.10 Remedies.
The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.

4.11 Construction;
Headings. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note.

4.12 Usury.
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability
of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any
rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the nature
of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract
rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental
action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this
Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever,
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this the Note, such
excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner
of handling such excess to be at the Holders election.

4.13 Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any judicial
ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note.

4.14 Dispute
Resolution. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or
Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via electronic mail (i) within two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within two (2) Trading Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within two (2) Trading Days, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the
closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower
shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower
and the Holder of the results no later than two (2) Trading Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error.

[signature page follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower
has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on March 13, 2025.

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

15

EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS,
INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions of the senior secured promissory note of
the Borrower dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder
for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box Checked as to applicable instructions:

The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name of DTC Prime Broker:

Account Number:

The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: $ 

Number of Shares of Common Stock to be 

Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining 

Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023530401ex10-3_nightfood.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NINTH AMENDMENT TO SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 13, 2025, BY AND AMONG NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., NIGHTFOOD, INC., MJ MUNCHIES, INC., FUTURE HOSPITALITY VENTURES HOLDINGS INC., SWC GROUP, INC., AND MAST HILL FUND, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

NINTH AMENDMENT

THIS NINTH AMENDMENT to the
Security Agreement (as defined below) (the Amendment) is entered into as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and between Nightfood, Inc., a New York corporation (NF Sub), MJ Munchies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (MJ Sub),
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Future Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation
(FHV), SWC Group, Inc., a California corporation (SWC), and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the Holder, and collectively with NF Sub, MJ Sub, the Company, FHV, and SWC, the Parties).

BACKGROUND

A. The
Parties are the parties to that certain security agreement dated on or around June 1, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Security
Agreement), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A; and

B. The
Parties desire to amend the Security Agreement as set forth expressly below.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the
execution and delivery of the Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Parties agree as follows:

1. Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Security Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Security
Agreement.

2. The
definition of Notes in the Security Agreement shall include the First Note, Second Note, Third Note, Fourth Note, Fifth
Note, Sixth Note, Seventh Note, Eighth Note, Ninth Note, Tenth Note, Eleventh Note, Twelfth Note, Thirteenth Note, Fourteenth Note, and
Fifteenth Note (as defined in this Amendment). Fifteenth Note shall mean that certain senior secured promissory note in
the principal amount of $425,000.00 issued by the Company to the Holder on or around March 13, 2025.

3. This
Amendment shall be deemed part of, but shall take precedence over and supersede any provisions to the contrary contained in the Security
Agreement. Except as specifically modified hereby, all of the provisions of the Security Agreement, which are not in conflict with the
terms of this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect.

[Signature page to follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto
have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

By: By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang Name: Patrick Hassani

Title: Chief Executive Officer Title: Chief Investment Officer

NIGHTFOOD, INC. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MJ MUNCHIES, INC. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Future Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SWC GROUP, INC. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit A

(see attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023530401ex10-4_nightfood.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NINTH AMENDMENT TO PLEDGE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 13, 2025, BY AND AMONG NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., LEI SONNY WANG, AND MAST HILL FUND, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

NINTH AMENDMENT

THIS NINTH AMENDMENT
to the Pledge Agreement (as defined below) (the Amendment) is entered into as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and between Lei Sonny Wang (Pledgor), NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and
Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Holder, and collectively with Pledgor and the Company, the Parties).

BACKGROUND

A. The
Parties are the parties to that certain pledge agreement dated on or around June 1, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Pledge
Agreement); and

B. The
Parties desire to amend the Pledge Agreement as set forth expressly below.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of
the execution and delivery of the Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Pledge Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Pledge Agreement.

2. The
definition of Notes in the Pledge Agreement shall include the First Note, Second Note, Third Note, Fourth Note, Fifth Note,
Sixth Note, Seventh Note, Eighth Note, Ninth Note, Tenth Note, Eleventh Note, Twelfth Note, Thirteenth Note, Fourteenth Note, and Fifteenth
Note (as defined in this Amendment). Fifteenth Note shall mean that certain senior secured promissory note in the principal
amount of $425,000.00 issued by the Company to the Holder on or around March 13, 2025.

3. This
Amendment shall be deemed part of, but shall take precedence over and supersede any provisions to the contrary contained in the Pledge
Agreement. Except as specifically modified hereby, all of the provisions of the Pledge Agreement, which are not in conflict with the terms
of this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect.

[Signature page to follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.

Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

By: By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang, an individual Name: Patrick Hassani

Title: Chief Investment Officer

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023530401ex10-5_nightfood.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NINTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 13, 2025, BY AND AMONG NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., NIGHTFOOD, INC., MJ MUNCHIES, INC., FUTURE HOSPITALITY VENTURES HOLDINGS INC., SWC GROUP, INC., AND MAST HILL FUND, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

NINTH AMENDMENT

THIS NINTH AMENDMENT
to the Guarantee (as defined below) (the Amendment) is entered into as of March 13, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and between Nightfood, Inc., a New York corporation (NF Sub), MJ Munchies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (MJ Sub),
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Future Hospitality Ventures Holdings Inc., a Nevada corporation
(FHV), SWC Group, Inc., a California corporation (SWC), and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the Holder, and collectively with NF Sub, MJ Sub, the Company, FHV, and SWC, the Parties).

BACKGROUND

A. The
Parties are the parties to that certain subsidiary guarantee dated on or around June 1, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Guarantee),
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A; and

B. The
Parties desire to amend the Guarantee as set forth expressly below.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of
the execution and delivery of the Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Guarantee and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Guarantee.

2. The
definition of Notes in the Guarantee shall include the First Note, Second Note, Third Note, Fourth Note, Fifth Note, Sixth
Note, Seventh Note, Eighth Note, Ninth Note, Tenth Note, Eleventh Note, Twelfth Note, Thirteenth Note, Fourteenth Note, and Fifteenth
Note (as defined in this Amendment). Fifteenth Note shall mean that certain senior secured promissory note in the principal
amount of $425,000.00 issued by the Company to the Holder on or around March 13, 2025.

3. This
Amendment shall be deemed part of, but shall take precedence over and supersede any provisions to the contrary contained in the Guarantee.
Except as specifically modified hereby, all of the provisions of the Guarantee, which are not in conflict with the terms of this Amendment,
shall remain in full force and effect.

[Signature page to follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.

NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

By: By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang Name: Patrick Hassani

Title: Chief Executive Officer Title: Chief Investment Officer

NIGHTFOOD, INC. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MJ MUNCHIES, INC. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Future Hospitality Ventures 

Holdings Inc. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

SWC GROUP, INC. 

By: Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 

a Nevada corporation 

Sole Shareholder 

By: 

Name: Lei Sonny Wang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit A

(see attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ngtf-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ngtf-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ngtf-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55406

Entity Registrant Name NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001593001

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3885019

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 520 White Plains Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Tarrytown

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10591

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 291-7778

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nightfood.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0235304-8k_nightfood.htm 
ngtf-20250313.xsd 
ngtf-20250313_lab.xml 
ngtf-20250313_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-001697-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0235304-8k_nightfood_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001593001 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001593001 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
000-55406 
46-3885019 
520 White Plains Road 
Suite 500 
Tarrytown 
NY 
10591 
866 
291-7778 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>