<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009571.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009571.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307163033
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009571
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250304
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Shareholder Nominations Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14a-11
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZyVersa Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859007
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				862685744
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41184
		FILM NUMBER:		25720578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		217 W. MAIN STREET
		CITY:			SOMERVILLE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08876
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-370-5102

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		217 W. MAIN STREET
		CITY:			SOMERVILLE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08876

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Larkspur Health Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210426
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185900700018590072025-03-042025-03-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 4, 2025

ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41184 86-2685744

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
employer

of
incorporation) File
Number) identification
number)

2200
N. Commerce Parkway, Suite 208Weston,
Florida 33326

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (754)231-1688

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange

on
which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ZVSA The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Private
Placement 

On
March 5, 2025, ZyVersa Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with an institutional accredited investor (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company agreed
to issue and sell, in a private placement priced at-the-market under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Private Placement),
an aggregate of (i) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,105,265 shares
(the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
and (ii) Series A-3 common stock purchase warrants (the Common Warrants and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrants,
the Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,105,265 shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares
and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of each Prefunded Warrant
was $0.9499. The Private Placement closed on March 7, 2025, and the Company executed and delivered the Warrants.

The
gross proceeds from the Private Placement were approximately $2 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other private placement
expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for working capital purposes.

Each
Pre-Funded Warrant has an initial exercise price of $0.0001 per share (subject to adjustments as set forth therein), is immediately exercisable
upon issuance and will expire when exercised in full. Each Common Warrant has an initial exercise price of $1.00 per share (subject to
adjustments as set forth therein) and is exercisable upon the Stockholder Approval Date (as defined in the Common Warrants). The Common
Warrants will expire five years from the Stockholder Approval Date.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the Company, indemnification obligations of the Company, customary
conditions to closing and termination provisions. The representations and warranties of each party set forth in the Purchase Agreement
have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the Purchase Agreement, and such representations and warranties should
not be relied on by any other person.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed that, from the date of the Purchase Agreement until 30 days after the Effectiveness
Date of the Registration Statement (as defined below), the Company will not (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce
the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into, shares of
Common Stock (Common Stock Equivalents) or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto,
subject to certain exceptions. In addition, from the date of the Purchase Agreement until 90 days after the Effectiveness Date of the
Registration Statement, the Company has agreed not to enter into a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
provided, however, that the Company may (i) file an amendment or supplement to the existing Sales Agreement with the placement agent
dated September 16, 2024 (the Existing ATM) at any time after the date of the Purchase Agreement; and (ii) may make
sales under the Existing ATM 15 days after the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement.

Under
the terms of the Warrants, a holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrants if the holder (together with its
affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the number of the Companys Common Stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. However, upon
notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the beneficial ownership limitation to 9.99% of the number of the Companys
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise of Warrants.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, within 10 calendar days of the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024, the Company has agreed to file a registration statement (the Registration Statement) with the
Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) to register the resale of the Warrant Shares. The Company further agreed to
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC within 75 days after the
date of the closing of the Private Placement.

On
March 5, 2025, the Company also entered into a Placement Agency Agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (AGP
or the placement agent), pursuant to which the Company engaged AGP to act as its sole placement agent in connection
with the Private Placement. As compensation to the placement agent, the Company agreed to pay AGP a cash fee of 6.5% of the aggregate
gross proceeds from the Private Placement plus reimbursement of certain non-accountable expenses.

Also,
in connection with the Private Placement, on March 5, 2025, each of the directors and executive officers of the Company entered into
a lock-up agreement with the placement agent, pursuant to which each director and executive officer agreed, subject to certain limited
exceptions, not to: (1) offer, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents beneficially
owned, held or thereafter acquired; or (2) make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including
any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or publicly disclose
the intention to do any of the foregoing, in each case through the period ending on the date that is 15 days from the Effectiveness Date
of the Registration Statement.

The
Private Placement is exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as a transaction by an issuer
not involving a public offering and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investor has represented that it has not acquired the securities
with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and appropriate
legends have been affixed to the securities issued in the Private Placement.

Warrant
Amendment

Concurrently
with the Private Placement, the Company and the Investor entered into an Amendment to Common Share Purchase Warrants (the Warrant
Amendment), which amended the common share purchase warrants to purchase up to 957,200 shares of Common Stock issued to the
Purchaser on November 6, 2024 (the Existing Warrants) to reduce the exercise price of the Existing Warrants to $1.00
per share.

The
foregoing summaries do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Placement Agency Agreement,
the Purchase Agreement, the form of Pre-Funded Warrant, the form of Common Warrant, and the form of Warrant Amendment, which are filed
as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Neither this
Current Report on Form 8-K nor any exhibit attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities of the
Company.

Item
5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

The
information disclosed in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.08 Shareholder Director Nominations.

The
information disclosed in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
March 4, 2025, the Company convened a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting) to vote upon the proposals
set forth in the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed by the Company with the SEC on January 17, 2025 (the Proxy
Statement). There were 260,314 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001, present or represented by proxy
at the Special Meeting, which did not constitute a quorum under the Companys Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws).

Accordingly,
the Special Meeting was adjourned without any business being conducted. Instead, the proposals described in the Proxy Statement for the
Special Meeting will be included in the proxy statement for the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual
Meeting). The Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company established June 11, 2025, as the date for the Annual
Meeting. The Board also established the close of business on April 15, 2025, as the record date for the Annual Meeting.

In
accordance with Rule 14a-5(f) and Rule 14a-8(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
and the Bylaws, the deadline for receipt of stockholder proposals or nominations for inclusion in the Companys proxy statement
for the Annual Meeting pursuant to Rule 14a-8 will be no later than March 17, 2025. Stockholder proposals must comply with all of the
applicable requirements set forth in the rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and the Bylaws.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

4.2 Form of Series A-3 Common Stock Purchase Warrant

4.3 Form of Amendment to Common Share Purchase Warrant entered into by and between the Company and the Investor, dated March 5, 2025.

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investor named therein.

10.2 Placement Agency Agreement

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ZyVersa
Therapeutics, Inc.

Date:
March 7, 2025 By: /s/
Stephen Glover

Stephen
Glover

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

Pre-Funded
WARRANT

To
purchase Shares of Common Stock

ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [] Initial
Exercise Date: [], 2025

THIS
Pre-Funded WARRANT to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial
Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to
subscribe for and purchase from ZyVersa Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to []
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the
Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated [_______], 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

(a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile
copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
(the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder
shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, at which time the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the
Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder by the number of Warrant Shares equal to the
applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice
of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise
delivered on or prior to 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time
of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s)
by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date
for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time will be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share,
was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the
nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise
of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise
price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to
the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

(c)
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the VWAP of the Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all
other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the
Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

Trading
Day means any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is open for
trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

(d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then
a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares
to, or resale of, the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical
delivery of the Warrant Shares, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number
of Warrant Shares set forth in the Notice of Exercise to the address specified by the Holder in such Notice of Exercise by the date that
is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i)
two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of
Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant
Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading
Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such
Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain
a transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains
outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date
of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. Except in connection with an exercise on the Initial Exercise Date, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer
Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder
will have the right to rescind such exercise.

3

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased exceeds (y)
the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise
of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence satisfactory to the Company with respect to
the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or scrip representing fractional Warrant Shares shall be issued upon
the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a Warrant Share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such
exercise, the Company shall, at its election and in lieu of the issuance of such fractional Warrant Share, either (i) pay cash in an
amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or (ii) round up to the next whole Warrant Share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue
or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall
be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other
than the name of the Holder, the Notice of Exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form, attached hereto as Exhibit B,
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for
any transfer tax incidental thereto and this Warrant shall be surrender to the Company and, if any portion of this Warrant remains unexercised,
a new Warrant in the form hereof shall be delivered to the assignee. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day
processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

(e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise all or any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect
to such issuance upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders Affiliates,
(ii) any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other Persons
whose beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of Section
13(d) (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of the Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i)
exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing
to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in
determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day
confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until
the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or
to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock
split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock
any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which
the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant remains unchanged.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

5

(b)
[RESERVED]

(c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to
the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

(d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such
extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion
of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of
the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common
Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any
limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise
Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable
in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and
with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from
and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.

6

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share
of Common Stock, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued
and outstanding.

(g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and
any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company declares a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company declares a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock,
(C) the Company authorizes the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company is required in connection
with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company authorizes the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last
facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior
to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for
the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the
holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined
or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares
of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall
not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided, further that no notice
shall be required if the information is disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Commission. To the extent that any
notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(h)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time while
this Warrant is outstanding, reduce the then-current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the
board of directors of the Company in its sole discretion.

7

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making
of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant
to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

(b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance
date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

(a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

(c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

8

(d)
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued, and the Warrant Shares, delivered, as provided
herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock
may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant, which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant
Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges
created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with
such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock above the amount payable therefor upon such
exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that
the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
if the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

9

(i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any share of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted
by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

(m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

(n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Stephen
C. Glover

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

11

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
ZYVERSA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in
lawful money of the United States; or

[ 
] if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________ 

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER] 

Name
of Investing Entity: 

_________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

_______________________________ 

Name
of Authorized Signatory 

_______________________________ 

Title
of Authorized Signature: 

_______________________________ 

Date 

12

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ ____, _______ 

Holders
Signature _______________________________ 

Holders
Address _______________________________ 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

Series
A-3 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Warrant
Shares: [] Issue
Date: [], 2025

THIS
Series A-3 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies
that, for value received, _______ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations
on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time or times on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial
Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the five-year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date
(the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from ZyVersa Therapeutics, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder
Approval refers to when the Company has received approval to issue the Warrants.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated March 5, 2025, among the Company and warrant holders signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise

(a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date (or the Stockholder Approval Date for the Warrants) and on or before the Termination Date
by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of
Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i)
one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i)
herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant
Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, at which time, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder by the number of Warrant Shares equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection
with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,
following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at
any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.00, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

(c)
Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective
registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of, the Warrant Shares to the
Holder, then this Warrant may only be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as
defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders
execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the VWAP of the Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all
other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the
Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

Trading
Day means any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is open for
trading for a period of time less than the customary time.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

(d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted to
the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by
Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule
144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrant), and otherwise by physical delivery of the Warrant Shares, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares set forth in the Notice of Exercise to the
address specified by the Holder in such Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company, and
(iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other
than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth
Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares
are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent (the Transfer Agent)
that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase
of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time will be
less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder
is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which
(x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased exceeds (y)
the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise
of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts
payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence satisfactory to the Company with respect to
the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or scrip representing fractional Warrant Shares shall be issued upon
the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise,
the Company shall, at its election and in lieu of the issuance of such fractional Warrant Share, either (i) pay cash in an amount equal
to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or (ii) round up to the next whole Warrant Share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue
or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall
be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other
than the name of the Holder, the Notice of Exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form, attached hereto as Exhibit B,
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for
any transfer tax incidental thereto and this Warrant shall be surrendered to the Company and, if any portion of this Warrant remains
unexercised, a new Warrant in the form hereof shall be delivered to the assignee. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required
for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

(e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise all or any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect
to such issuance upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders Affiliates,
(ii) any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other Persons
whose beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of Section
13(d) (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and
its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of the Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i)
exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing
to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in
determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more
recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day
confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including
this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section
2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st)
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock
split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock
any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which
the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant remains unchanged.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

(b)
RESERVED.

(c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to
the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

(d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such
extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion
of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of
the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common
Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
(the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of
shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any
limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise
Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable
in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the
Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor
Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days
after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder, as described below, an amount of consideration equal to
the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such
Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company
or any Successor Entity, as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the same type or form of consideration (and
in the same proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid
to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form
of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative
forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if holders of Common Stock
of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed
to have received shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in
such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the day of consummation
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S.
Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash,
if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option
time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date
and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within
five Business Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share
of Common Stock, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued
and outstanding.

(g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and
any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company declares a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company declares a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock,
(C) the Company authorizes the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company is required in connection
with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company authorizes the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last
facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the
applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of
the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the
validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided, further that no notice shall be
required if the information is disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Commission. To the extent that any notice provided
in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(h)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time while
this Warrant is outstanding, reduce the then-current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the
board of directors of the Company in its sole discretion.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

(a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth herein, this Warrant and
all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be
divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance
date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

(c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

(d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Agreement.

(e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

(a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

(b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

(c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

(d)
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued, and the Warrant Shares, delivered, as provided
herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock
may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant, which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant
Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges
created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with
such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock above the amount payable therefor upon such
exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that
the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement.

(f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
if the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

(g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

(h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement.

(i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any share of Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted
by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

(l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

(m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

(n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

[Signature
Page Follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Stephen
C. Glover

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
ZYVERSA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ 
] in
lawful money of the United States; or

[ 
] if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER] 

Name
of Investing Entity: 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name
of Authorized Signatory 

Title
of Authorized Signature: 

Date 

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ ____, _______ 

Holders
Signature 

Holders
Address
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

AMENDMENT
TO

COMMON
Share PURCHASE WARRANT

This
AMENDMENT TO COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (this Amendment) is entered into as of March 5, 2025, by and between
ZyVersa Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (the Holder).

WHEREAS,
the Holder is the holder of Common Share Purchase Warrants, issued by the Company on November 6, 2024 (the Original Warrants),
to purchase 1,637,000 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock);

WHEREAS,
the Holder and the Company wish to reduce the exercise price and extend the termination date of the Original Warrant with respect to
957,200 shares of Common Stock underlying the Original Warrants;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 5(l) of the Original Warrant, the Original Warrants may be modified or amended or the provisions thereof waived with
the written consent of the Company and the Holder; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Holder desire to amend the Original Warrant as set forth in this Amendment.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Holder hereby agree as follows:

1.
Amendment to Exercise Price. Section 2(b) of the Original Warrant is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
as follows:

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per Common Share under this Warrant shall be $1.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

2.
No Further Amendment. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Original Warrant remains unaltered and shall remain in full force
and effect.

3.
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Amendment shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of that certain Inducement Letter, dated as of November 5, 2024, between the Company and the Holder.

4.
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of
which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including as a PDF file)
or other transmission method shall be deemed to be original signatures, shall be valid and binding, and, upon delivery, shall constitute
due execution of this Amendment.

[Signature
page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Company and the Holder has caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly
authorized as of the date first above indicated.

COMPANY

ZYVERSA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: Stephen Glover

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDER

ARMISTICE CAPITAL MASTER FUND LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 5, 2025, between ZyVersa Therapeutics Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section
5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation
D thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase
from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have
the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount, and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means the Series A-3 Common Warrants.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means Thompson Hine LLP, with offices located at 300 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor, New York, NY 10017-6232.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, consultants, contractors, advisors, officers
or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan or arrangement duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose
for services rendered to the Company, provided that issuances to consultants under this clause (a) shall be issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion
of any Securities issued hereunder, warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant to this Agreement and
any securities upon exercise of warrants to the Placement Agent and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion
price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein,
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; and (d) issuances of
shares of Common Stock to consultants or vendors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(qq).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreements means the lock-up agreements, each dated as of the date hereof in substantially the form of Exhibit A.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.95, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date.

Per
Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price means the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Placement
Agent means A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
accordance with Section 2.3(a) hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
A-3 Common Warrants means the Series A-3 Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof and in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stockholder
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.19.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approvals are received and deemed effective.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares (or Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares)
and Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next
to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Lock-Up Agreements, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any
other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated
by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Series E Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the Common Warrant Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $2,000,000 of Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrants; provided, however,
that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates,
and any Person acting as a group together with such purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares such Purchaser
may elect to purchase Prefunded Warrants in lieu of Shares. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or,
at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto
executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with
the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants as determined pursuant to
Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.
Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic
transfer of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP
(i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by
the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement
Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement
Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or
after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including the time immediately
prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of the
Securities to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Securities),
such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to
be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Securities to
such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Securities to such Purchaser
prior to the Companys receipt of the Subscription Amount for such Pre-Settlement Securities hereunder; and provided further that
the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to
whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such
decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such
sale, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Warrants) delivered on or prior
to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and
the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agent and Purchasers;

(iii)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv)
subject to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an
expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to
such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v)
a Series A-3 Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100%
of the sum of such Purchasers Shares plus the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, with an exercise price equal to $1.00 subject to adjustment
therein;

(vi)
if applicable, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Pre-Funded
Warrant Purchase Price, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein; and

(vii)
Lock-Up Agreements, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers, executed by each executive officer and director.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a
specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital shares or other equity interests of each Subsidiary,
free and clear of any Liens, except as set forth in the SEC Reports, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of
each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
securities.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their business
as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and
is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). The Company has no subsidiaries. As used in this Agreement, Material
Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations (including
results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in any
of the other Transaction Documents or any other agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith or (iii)
the authority or ability of the Company to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents (as defined below).

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to
the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys memorandum of association,
articles of association, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement, or other organizational or charter documents,
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or
both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected,
or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal
and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except
in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) notices and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance
and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby,
(iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, (iv)
the Shareholder Approvals and (iv) filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) (collectively,
the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Shares and Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company. The Warrants are duly authorized and binding obligations of the Company under the law of the jurisdiction governing
the Warrants, and, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, and free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized share capital the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company has not
issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of
employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to
the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except
as set forth on the SEC Reports, and as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not result in a right of any holder of Company
securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of
such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any share appreciation rights or phantom share plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in
compliance with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except
as set forth on the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to
the Companys share capital to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys
stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such materials) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be otherwise specified in such
financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP,
and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the
dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Audited Financial Information. The consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and
the related consolidated audited income statements, changes in stockholder or member equity and statements of cash flows for the fiscal
years then ended, each audited by a PCAOB qualified auditor in accordance with GAAP and PCAOB standards (the Audited Company
Financials), fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company at the respective dates thereof,
subject to adjustments which are not expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The forecasts and projections, if any, contained in
the Audited Company Financials will have been prepared in good faith and on the basis of assumptions that are fair and reasonable in
light of current and reasonably foreseeable circumstances.

(j)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Except as set forth on the SEC Reports, since the date of the
latest financial statements filed by the Company with the SEC, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and strategic acquisitions and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP
or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not
declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem any of its shares, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company equity incentive plans, (vi) the Company has no liabilities or obligations, absolute or contingent
(individually or in the aggregate) in excess of $250,000 individually, or in the aggregate, (vii) the Company has no outstanding debt
securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing Indebtedness of the
Company or by which the Company is or may become bound; (viii) the Company is not a party to any contract, agreement or instrument, the
violation of which, or default under which, by the other party(ies) to such contract, agreement or instrument could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ix) the Company has no financing statements securing obligations in any amounts filed in connection
with the Company; (x) the Company is not in violation of any term of, or in default under, any contract, agreement or instrument relating
to any Indebtedness, except where such violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse
Effect, and (xi) the Company is not a party to any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, the performance of
which, in the judgment of the Companys officers, has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company does not have
pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated
by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists with respect to the Company
or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been
publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. No event, liability, development
or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to exist or occur with respect to the Company, or any of its businesses,
properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including results thereof) or condition (financial or otherwise), that (i) could have
a material adverse effect on any Purchasers investment hereunder or (ii) could have a Material Adverse Effect. The reserves, if
any, established by the Company or the lack of reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon facts and circumstances known by the
Company on the date hereof and there are no loss contingencies that are required to be accrued by the Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board which are not provided for by the Company in its financial statements or otherwise.

(l)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
Action). There is no Action that (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of
any of the Transaction Documents, the Shares or the Warrant Shares, or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or
has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of
breach of fiduciary duty, which could result in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there
is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer
of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement
filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(m)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(o)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations or permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(q)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all
material respects.

(r)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim
or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could
not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the actual knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their
intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(s)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount deemed commercially reasonable. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires
or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(t)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, shareholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or a Subsidiary
and (iii) other employee benefits, including share option agreements under any share option plan of the Company.

(u)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. Except as disclosed in
the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have
evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period
covered by the most recently filed Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company
presented in its most recently filed Form 10-K under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports,
since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the
Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting
of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(v)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be
payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing
shall not include any fees and/or commissions owed to the Depositary). Other than for Persons engaged by any Purchaser, if any, the Purchasers
shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type
contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(w)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(x)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth in SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration
under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(y)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof,
received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is
not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The shares of Common Stock are currently eligible
for electronic transfer through The Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in
payment of the fees to The Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic
transfer.

(z)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation or the laws of its state of incorporation
that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising
their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities
and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(aa)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that it has not provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes
constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and believes, to its best knowledge, that no Purchaser makes or
has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth
in Section 3.2 hereof.

(bb)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(cc)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any subsidiary has any
secured or unsecured Indebtedness, except as set forth in the SEC Reports. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(dd)
Tax Compliance. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all federal, state and local income and all
foreign tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges, fines or penalties that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns,
reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its financial statements provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
tax liability of which has not been finally determined and all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns,
reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction,
and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firms are as set in the SEC Reports for the Company
and its predecessor. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required
by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys
Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023.

(gg)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company
and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability
to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Section 3.2(f) and Section 4.12 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of
the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or
short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities
for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation,
Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may
negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
shares of Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length
counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers
may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

(jj)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the shares of Common Stock, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases
of, any of the shares of Common Stock, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase
any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection
with the placement of the shares of Common Stock.

(kk)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock incentive plans was granted (i) in
accordance with the terms of such plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on
the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated.

(ll)
Cybersecurity. The Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all
material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted, free and clear
of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants that would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Companys business. The Company has implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical,
technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information
and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used
in connection with their businesses. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number,
e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit
card number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying
information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by the European Union
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected
health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (v) any other piece of information that
allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to
an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or
accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other
person or such, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same except in each case, where such would
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is presently
in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal
Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification except
in each case, where such would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(mm)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(nn)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(oo)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company is, and since January 1, 2018 has been, in compliance with all applicable state
and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company has taken commercially
reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, has been and currently are in compliance with, the GDPR (EU 2016/679)
(collectively, the Privacy Laws) except in each case, where such would not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company has
in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies
and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal
Data (the Policies). The Company has at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable
laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the
Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company
further certifies that it: (i) has not received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential
violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in
any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective
action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under
any Privacy Law.

(pp)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(qq)
Bank Holding Company Act. The Company is not subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA)
and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). The Company does not own
or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five
percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.
The Company does not exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(rr)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby.

(ss)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to each Purchaser as
an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(tt)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to each Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(uu)
Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any Person (other than any Issuer Covered Person)
that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of the Purchasers in connection with the sale of
any Securities.

(vv)
Notice of Disqualification Event. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, in each case of which it is aware.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants
as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they
shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business. Such Purchaser understands that the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are restricted securities
and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities as principal
for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other
persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement
or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under
the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the
Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to
such Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by each Purchaser of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by the
Purchasers of the transactions contemplated thereunder will not (a) result in a violation of the organizational documents of a Purchaser
or (b) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Purchaser is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any applicable law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
federal and state securities laws), except in the case of clauses (b) and (c) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of a Purchaser
to perform its obligations hereunder.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Removal of Legends.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any Securities in the following form:

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Securities shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while
a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such
Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iii) if such Warrant Shares are eligible for sale
under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current
public information required under Rule 144 as to such Securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend
is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by
the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly
if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all
or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant
Shares, or if such Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information
required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or if the Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the
requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Warrant Shares,
or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees
that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier
of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following
the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued
with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser
a book entry statement representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation
on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Warrant
Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the
Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Warrant Shares issued
with a restrictive legend.

(d)
In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, either (i) as partial
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend
Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to
be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such
Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends or (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an
open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of
shares of Common Stock, that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then an amount equal
to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In
Price) over the product of (A) such number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by
the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing
on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the
date of such delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

(e)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired
or been exercised in full, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the
Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required
to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act, even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates (in each case on or after the date as of which the
Purchasers may sell all of their Securities without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144): (a) any transaction or series of
related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company
representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one
or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the Company no longer being subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that
each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and
neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect
to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law or the rules of any Trading Market, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice
of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser,
or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior
written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of the final Transaction
Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the
Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with
such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company,
or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under
the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes
and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables
in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices or debt outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance with
the terms in effect as of the date hereof), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement
of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including
a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by the Company or any stockholder of
the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising out of or relating to any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, or (c) in connection with any registration statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers
of the Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements
or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party
expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state
securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided
herein is intended to, and shall also cover, direct claims brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties; provided, however, that
such indemnification shall not cover any loss, claim, damage or liability to the extent it is finally judicially determined to be attributable
to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party
in any Transaction Document or any conduct by a Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence
or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, except with respect to direct claims brought
by the Company, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable
to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the
defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that
(i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to
the applicable Purchaser Party (which may be internal counsel), a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the
Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses
of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement for any settlement
by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
In addition, if any Purchaser Party takes actions to collect amounts due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions
of any Transaction Documents, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by such Purchaser Party for such collection, enforcement
or action, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements. The indemnification and other payment obligations
required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation, defense,
collection, enforcement or action, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially
determined not to be entitled to indemnification or payment under this Section 4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the
Company for any payments that are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any
cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject
to pursuant to law.

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation
of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply
to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and
Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other
Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is
necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible.
The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market
and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading
Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company
or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company
or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
Reserved.

4.12

(a)Subsequent
Equity Sales. From the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement, neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than (w)
the Registration Statement as contemplated pursuant to Section 4.18 herein or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with
any employee benefit plan.

(b)From
the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement, the Company shall be prohibited from
effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means
a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable
for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange
rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any
time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject
to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or
contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into,
or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering,
whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually
been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief
against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance. Provided however, notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.12, the Company may (i) file
an amendment or supplement to the existing Sales Agreement with the Placement Agent dated September 16, 2024 (the Existing
ATM) at any time after the date of this Agreement; and (ii) may make sales under the Existing ATM fifteen (15) days after
the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement.

4.13
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.14
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed
to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that
it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be
restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws
from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press
release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities
of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agents,
including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this
Agreement.

4.16
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.17
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Warrants and Warrant Shares as required
under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Warrants and Warrant Shares for, sale
to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall
provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.18
Registration Statement. The Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-1 (or other appropriate form if the Company
is not then S-1 eligible) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Securities purchased herein within ten (10) calendar days
(the Filing Date) of the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Registration Statement).
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective within 75 days following
the Closing Date (the Effectiveness Date) and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no
Purchaser owns any Securities. In the event that the Resale Registration Statement is not (i) filed by the Filing Date or (ii) declared
effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date, then, in addition to any other rights the holders of Securities may have hereunder
or under applicable law, on the Filing Date or the Effectiveness Date (each such date being referred to herein as an Event
Date) and on each monthly anniversary of such Event Date (if the Resale Registration Statement shall not have been filed or
declared effective by the applicable Event Date) until the Resale Registration Statement is filed or declared effective, the Company
shall pay to each holder of Securities an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of
2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Purchase Price of the Securities held by each holder of the Securities. If the Company fails to pay
any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest
thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the holders of the
Securities, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon,
are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of
a month prior to the Resale Registration Statement being filed or declared effective, as the case may be. If: (i) the Resale Registration
Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date, or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration
of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading
Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement
will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement,
the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of
such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment
is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale
all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement
(provided that, if the Registration Statement does not allow for the resale of Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (i.e.,
only allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to have not satisfied this clause) or (v) after the effective
date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell
such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days
(which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event,
and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such
five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded,
and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred
to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law,
on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by
such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after
the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to
be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus
all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata
basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

4.19
Shareholder Approval. The Company covenants that it shall use its best efforts to hold a special or annual meeting of shareholders
no later than ninety (90) days after the date of this Agreement, with the recommendation of the Board of Directors allowing for the issuance
of the Common Warrant Shares in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, and the Company shall solicit proxies
from its shareholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. If the Company does not obtain shareholder approval of such proposals
(Shareholder Approvals) at the first meeting, the Company shall use its best efforts to call a meeting every 90
days thereafter to seek Shareholder Approvals until the earlier of the date Shareholder Approvals are obtained or the Common Warrants
are no longer outstanding.

4.20
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, except to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of
each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement,
the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any
effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing
has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such
termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than
5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be
given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against
whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and
adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company
in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof
be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition
to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing
party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being
understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a
.pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable
efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term,
provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed
the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of)
any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise
notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu
of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each
of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or
a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are
several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through the legal counsel of the Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent
any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms
and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers.
It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between
the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the
drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

ZyVersa
Therapeutics, Inc. Address
for Notice:

By: E-Mail: 

Name: 

Title: 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO ZVSA SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ______________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

E-mail
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Series
A-3 Common Warrant Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing
contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

Exhibit
A

Form
of Lock-up Agreements

Exhibit
B

Form
of Pre-Funded Warrant

Exhibit
C

Form
of Series A-3 Common Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

March
5, 2025

Attn:
Chief Executive Officer

ZyVersa
Therapeutics, Inc.

2200
N. Commerce Parkway, Suite 208

Weston,
FL 33326

Dear
Mr. Glover:

This
letter (the Agreement) constitutes the agreement between A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as sole placement agent
(the Placement Agent), and ZyVersa Therapeutics, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware
(the Company), that the Placement Agent shall serve as the placement agent for the Company, in connection with the
private placement (the Placement) of (i) shares (the Shares) of common stock of the Company,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Common
Warrants) and (iii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and
together with the Shares and Common Warrants, the Securities). The Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrants,
and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants will be offered and sold in a private placement
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The
Securities actually placed by the Placement Agent are referred to herein as the Placement Agent Securities. The
terms of the Placement shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively,
the Purchasers); provided, however, that nothing herein confers upon the Placement Agent the
power or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser, or constitutes an obligation for the Company to issue any Placement Agent Securities
or complete the Placement. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent shall not have any obligation to the
Company with respect to the Offering, except as may be set forth expressly herein and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute
a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the Securities, or any
portion thereof, or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Placement
Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement. Certain
affiliates of the Placement Agent may participate in the Placement by purchasing some of the Placement Agent Securities. The sale of
Placement Agent Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
between the Company and such Purchaser, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchaser. Capitalized terms that are
not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement,
officers of the Company will be available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION
1. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A.
Representations of the Company. With respect to the Placement Agent Securities, each of the representations and warranties (together
with any related disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection
with the Placement, is hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to the foregoing,
the Company represents and warrants that there are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm among the Companys officers, directors
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any ten percent (10.0%) or greater stockholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Purchase
Agreement and SEC Reports.

B.
Covenants of the Company.

(1)
The Company covenants and agrees to continue to retain (i) a firm of independent PCAOB registered public accountants for a period of
at least three (3) years after the Closing Date and (ii) a competent transfer agent with respect to the Placement Agent Securities for
a period of three (3) years after the Closing Date.

(2)
The Company covenants and agrees that for thirty (30) days after the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement, the Company shall
be restricted from issuing certain securities pursuant to the terms of Section 4.12 of the Purchase Agreement.

(3)
From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement, the Company shall be prohibited
from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price
or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common
Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that
is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters
into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such
agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled
to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect
damages

(4)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 1(B) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance. Provided however, notwithstanding anything in this Section 1(B), the Company may (i) file
an amendment or supplement to the existing Sales Agreement with the Placement Agent dated September 16, 2024 (the Existing
ATM) at any time after the date of this Agreement; and (ii) may make sales under the Existing ATM fifteen (15) days after
the Effectiveness Date of the Registration Statement.

SECTION
2. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing
of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United
States of America, applicable to the offers and sales of the Placement Agent Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a
corporate body validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation, (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform
its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status
with respect to subsections (i) through (v) above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct
the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

SECTION
3. COMPENSATION. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent
or its respective designees a total cash fee equal to six and one-half percent (6.5%) of the gross proceeds from the total amount
of Placement Agent Securities sold in the Placement (the Cash Fee). The Cash Fee shall be paid on the Closing Date.
The Company shall not be required to pay the Placement Agent any fees or expenses except for the Cash Fee and the reimbursement of non-accountable
expenses equal to $10,000. The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof
as specified herein in the event that a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate
compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION
4. INDEMNIFICATION.

A.
To the extent permitted by law, with respect to the Placement Agent Securities, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and its
affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, members and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including
the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to this Agreement, except
to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment
(not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted from a Placement Agents fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence
in executing this Agreement or performing the services described herein. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 is not intended to
govern claims between the parties hereto.

B.
Promptly after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to
which the Placement Agent is entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim or
of the commencement of such action or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation
it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights or defenses
or prejudice to the Companys substantial rights or defenses. If the Company so elects or is requested by the Placement Agent,
the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent
and will pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ
its own counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably
determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent
both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate counsel
will be paid by the Company, in addition to fees of local counsel. The Company will have the right to settle the claim or proceeding,
provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent,
which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

C.
The Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement
of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

D.
If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless,
then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such losses, claims, damages or
liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Placement Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that
resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable
by a party in respect of losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees
and expenses incurred in defending any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the liable
Placement Agents share of the liability hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received,
by the Placement Agent under this Agreement (excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

E.
These indemnification provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
is completed and shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise
have to any indemnified party under this Agreement or otherwise.

SECTION
5. ENGAGEMENT TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder will be until the earlier of (i) March 12, 2025 and
(ii) the Closing Date. The date of termination of this Agreement is referred to herein as the Termination Date.
In the event, however, in the course of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence it deems, it necessary to terminate
the engagement, the Placement Agent may do so prior to the Termination Date. The Company may elect to terminate the engagement hereunder
for any reason prior to the Termination Date but will remain responsible for fees pursuant to Section 3 hereof with respect to
the Placement Agent Securities if sold in the Placement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning
the Companys obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the provisions concerning confidentiality,
indemnification and contribution contained herein will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is
terminated prior to the completion of the Placement, all fees due to the Placement Agent shall be paid by the Company to the Placement
Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination Date). The Placement Agent agrees
not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the Company for any purposes other
than those contemplated under this Agreement.

SECTION
6. PLACEMENT AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection
with this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company only in its evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required
by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents
prior written consent.

SECTION
7. NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by
any person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent are not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties
or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention
of the Placement Agent hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION
8. CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Placement Agent Securities hereunder
are subject to the accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained
herein and in the Purchase Agreement, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional
terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent:

A.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this
Agreement, the Placement Agent Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
with respect to the Placement Agent Securities shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to the Placement Agent.

B.
The Placement Agent shall have received from outside counsel to the Company such counsels written opinion with respect to the
Placement Agent Securities, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers and dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

C.
The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and, as of the Closing Date, the Placement Agent Securities shall be listed
and admitted and authorized for trading on the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange and satisfactory evidence of
such action shall have been provided to the Placement Agent. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have the
effect of terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or removing or suspending from trading the Common Stock
from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company received any information suggesting that the
Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

D.
No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental
agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent Securities or materially and
adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order
or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which
would prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company.

E.
The Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers of the Placement Agent Securities and such agreements
shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed upon between the
Company and the Purchasers.

F.
FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition,
the Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys
behalf, any filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, if applicable, with respect to the Placement
and pay all filing fees required in connection therewith.

If
any of the conditions specified in this Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, all obligations
of the Placement Agent hereunder may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date. Notice of such
cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION
9. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York
applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without
the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement
or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought into the courts
of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION
10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto,
and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is
determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any
other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified
or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements
and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing Date of the Placement and delivery of the Placement Agent Securities. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such
signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the
same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

SECTION
11. NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is sent to the email address specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day,
(b) the next business day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature
pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third
business day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the
signature pages hereto.

SECTION
12. PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, on and after the Closing Date, have the right
to reference the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials
and on its website and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

Please
confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agent the enclosed copy of this
Agreement.

Very
truly yours, 

A.G.P./ALLIANCE
GLOBAL PARTNERS 

By: /s/
Thomas Higgins 

Name: Thomas
Higgins 

Title: Managing
Director 

Address
for notice:

590
Madison Avenue 28th Floor New York,

New
York 10022

Attn:
Thomas Higgins

Email:
[]

[Signature
Page to Placement Agency Agreement]

Accepted
and Agreed to as of

the
date first written above:

ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/
Stephen C. Glover 

Name: Stephen
C. Glover 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

Address
for notice:

2200
N. Commerce Parkway, Suite 208

Weston,
FL 33326

Attention:
Stephen C. Glover

Email:
[]

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice)

Thompson
Hine LLP

300
Madison Avenue, 27th Floor

New
York, NY 10017

Attn:
Faith Charles, Esq.

Email:
faith.charles@thompsonhine.com

[Signature
Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>zvsa-20250304.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>zvsa-20250304_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>zvsa-20250304_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009571-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001859007 

2025-03-04 
2025-03-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001859007 
8-K 
2025-03-04 
ZYVERSA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-41184 
86-2685744 
2200 N. Commerce Parkway, Suite 208 
Suite 208 
Weston 
FL 
33326 
(754) 
231-1688 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ZVSA 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41184

Entity Registrant Name ZYVERSA
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001859007

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2685744

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2200
N. Commerce Parkway, Suite 208

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 208

Entity Address, City or Town Weston

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33326

City Area Code (754)

Local Phone Number 231-1688

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ZVSA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://zyversa.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
zvsa-20250304.xsd 
zvsa-20250304_lab.xml 
zvsa-20250304_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>