<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003620.txt : 20250410
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003620.hdr.sgml : 20250410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250410161523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003620
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250407
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pulmatrix, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574235
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				461821392
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36199
		FILM NUMBER:		25828579

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		945 CONCORD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1217
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 355-4440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		945 CONCORD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1217
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ruthigen, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130411
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000157423500015742352025-04-072025-04-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2025

PULMATRIX,
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36199 46-1821392

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer 

Identification
No.)

945
Concord Street, Suite 1217

Framingham,
MA01701

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(888)355-4440

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share PULM The
NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As
previously disclosed, on November 13, 2024, Pulmatrix, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Pulmatrix), entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement), by and among Pulmatrix, PCL Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pulmatrix (Merger Sub I), PCL Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pulmatrix (Merger Sub II and together with Merger Sub I, Merger Subs)
and Cullgen Inc., a Delaware corporation (Cullgen), pursuant to which, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, among other things, Merger Sub I would merge with and into Cullgen, with Cullgen surviving
the merger as the surviving corporation, and as part of the same overall transaction, Cullgen would merge with and into Merger Sub II,
with Merger Sub II continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of Pulmatrix and the surviving corporation of the merger (the Contemplated
Second Merger).

On
April 7, 2025, Cullgen, Pulmatrix and the Merger Subs entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
(Amendment No. 1) which, among other things, (i) makes a clarifying amendment to the fractional shares provision in the
Merger Agreement and (ii) revises the transaction structure from a two-step merger to a one-step merger, such that the Contemplated Second
Merger will no longer occur, and Merger Sub I will merge with and into Cullgen, with Cullgen surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Pulmatrix and the surviving corporation of the merger (the Merger).

The
foregoing description of Amendment No. 1 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Amendment No.
1, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.01. Changes
in Control of Registrant.

To
the extent required by this Item, the information included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by
reference.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits filed or furnished herewith contain forward-looking statements (including within the meaning
of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) concerning Pulmatrix, Cullgen, the proposed transactions and other matters.
These forward-looking statements include express or implied statements relating to the structure, timing and completion of the proposed
Merger; expectations regarding the ownership structure of the combined company; and other statements that are not historical fact. The
words anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate,
expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential,
predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions (including
the negatives of these terms or variations of them) may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not
mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting Pulmatrix, Cullgen or the
proposed transactions will be those that have been anticipated.

The
forward-looking statements contained in this communication are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects and therefore subject to other risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, risks associated with the possible failure to satisfy the conditions to the closing or consummation of the Merger, including
Pulmatrixs failure to obtain stockholder approval for the Merger, risks associated with the uncertainty as to the timing of the
consummation of the Merger and the ability of each of Pulmatrix and Cullgen to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger,
risks associated with Pulmatrixs continued listing on Nasdaq until closing of the Merger, the failure or delay in obtaining required
approvals from any governmental or quasi-governmental entity necessary to consummate the Merger; the occurrence of any event, change
or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the Merger prior to the closing or consummation of the
Merger, risks associated with the possible failure to realize certain anticipated benefits of the Merger, including with respect to future
financial and operating results; the effect of the completion of the Merger on the combined companys business relationships, operating
results and business generally; risks associated with the combined companys ability to manage expenses and unanticipated spending
and costs that could reduce the combined companys cash resources; risks related to the combined companys ability to correctly
estimate its operating expenses and other events; changes in capital resource requirements; risks related to the inability of the combined
company to obtain sufficient additional capital to continue to advance its product candidates or its preclinical programs; the outcome
of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the combined company or any of its directors or officers related to the Merger
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby; the ability of the combined company to obtain, maintain and protect its intellectual
property rights, in particular those related to its product candidates; the combined companys ability to advance the development
of its product candidates or preclinical activities under the timelines it anticipates in planned and future clinical trials; the combined
companys ability to replicate in later clinical trials positive results found in preclinical studies and early-stage clinical
trials of its product candidates; the combined companys ability to realize the anticipated benefits of its research and development
programs, strategic partnerships, licensing programs or other collaborations; regulatory requirements or developments and the combined
companys ability to obtain necessary approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authorities; changes
to clinical trial designs and regulatory pathways; competitive responses to the Merger and changes in expected or existing competition;
unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the Merger; potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting
from the completion of the Merger; legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments. A discussion of these and other factors,
including risks and uncertainties with respect to Pulmatrix, is set forth in Pulmatrixs filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC), including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as may be supplemented or amended by Pulmatrixs
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important
factors included in other filings by Pulmatrix from time to time, any risk factors related to Pulmatrix or Cullgen made available to
you in connection with the proposed transactions, as well as risk factors associated with companies, such as Cullgen, that operate in
the biopharma industry. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or, should any of Pulmatrixs or Cullgens
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Nothing
in this Current Report on Form 8-K should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth
herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements in this communication, which speak only as of the date they are made and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the cautionary statements herein. Neither Pulmatrix nor Cullgen undertakes or accepts any duty to release
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not purport to summarize all
of the conditions, risks and other attributes of an investment in Pulmatrix or Cullgen.

No
Offer or Solicitation

This
Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits filed or furnished herewith are not intended to and do not constitute (i) a solicitation
of a proxy, consent or approval with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed transactions or (ii) an offer to sell or
the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities pursuant to the proposed
transactions or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable
law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act or an exemption
therefrom. Subject to certain exceptions to be approved by the relevant regulators or certain facts to be ascertained, the public offer
will not be made directly or indirectly, in or into any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such
jurisdiction, or by use of the mails or by any means or instrumentality (including without limitation, facsimile transmission, telephone
and the internet) of interstate or foreign commerce, or any facility of a national securities exchange, of any such jurisdiction.

NEITHER
THE SEC NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS CURRENT REPORT ON FORM
8-K AND THE EXHIBITS FILED OR FURNISHED HEREWITH ARE TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE.

Important
Additional Information about the Proposed Transactions Will be Filed with the SEC

This
Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits filed or furnished herewith are not substitutes for the registration statement or for any
other document that Pulmatrix may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transactions. In connection with the proposed transactions,
Pulmatrix has filed and intends to file further relevant materials with the SEC, including a registration statement on Form S-4 that
contains a proxy statement/prospectus of Pulmatrix. PULMATRIX URGES INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE
DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PULMATRIX,
CULLGEN, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors and stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus
and other documents filed by Pulmatrix with the SEC (when they become available) through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.
Stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement/prospectus and the other relevant materials when they become available before making
any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed transactions. In addition, investors and stockholders should note that
Pulmatrix communicates with investors and the public using its website (https://www.pulmatrix.com/investors.html/).

Participants
in the Solicitation

Pulmatrix,
Cullgen and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from stockholders
in connection with the proposed transactions. Information about Pulmatrixs directors and executive officers, including a description
of their interests in Pulmatrix, is included in Pulmatrixs most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2025, and other documents that may be filed from time to time with the SEC. Additional information
regarding these persons and their interests in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus relating to
the proposed transactions when it is filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

2.1 Amendment
No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of April 7, 2025, by and among Pulmatrix, Inc., PCL
Merger Sub, Inc., PCL Merger Sub II, LLC and Cullgen Inc.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PULMATRIX,
INC.

Date:
April
10, 2025 By:
/s/
Peter Ludlum

Peter
Ludlum

Interim
Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
2.1

Amendment
No. 1 to the

Agreement
and Plan of Merger AND REORGANIZATION

This
Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and reorganization (this Amendment)
is made as of April 7, 2025 (the Effective Date), with respect to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger
and Reorganization (the Merger Agreement), dated as of November 13, 2024, by and among Pulmatrix, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Parent), PCL Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (First
Merger Sub), PCL Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Second
Merger Sub and, together with First Merger Sub, Merger Subs), and Cullgen Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company). All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed
to them in the Merger Agreement.

W
I T N E S S E T H:

Whereas,
pursuant to Section 11.2 of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement may be amended by any instrument in writing signed on behalf of
the Company, Parent and Merger Subs, with the approval of the respective boards of directors of the Company, Parent and Merger Subs;

Whereas,
the Parent Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions (including as adjusted pursuant to this Amendment) are fair to,
advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement (including
as amended hereby) and the Contemplated Transactions, including the Constructive Issuance, (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement (including as amended hereby), that the stockholders of Parent vote to
approve the Merger Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock
to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Constructive Issuance, and, if deemed necessary
by the Parties, an amendment to Parents certificate of incorporation to effect the Nasdaq Reverse Split, and (iv) determined to
recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, that the stockholders of Parent vote to authorize
the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635;

Whereas,
the First Merger Sub Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions (including as adjusted pursuant to this Amendment) are
fair to, advisable, and in the best interests of First Merger Sub and its sole stockholder, (ii) approved and declared advisable the
Merger Agreement (including as amended hereby) and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, that the stockholder of First Merger Sub votes to adopt the Merger Agreement
(including as amended hereby) and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions;

Whereas,
the sole member of Second Merger Sub has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions (including as adjusted pursuant to this Amendment)
are fair to, advisable, and in the best interests of Second Merger Sub and its sole member, (ii) approved and declared advisable the
Merger Agreement (including as amended hereby) and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, that the sole member of Second Merger Sub votes to adopt the Merger Agreement
(including as amended hereby) and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions;

1

Whereas,
the Company Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions (including as adjusted pursuant to this Amendment) are fair to,
advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement (including
as amended hereby) and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement, that the stockholders of the Company vote to adopt the Merger Agreement (including as amended hereby)
and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions; and

Whereas,
the Parties desire to amend the Merger Agreement to, among other things, consummate the Contemplated Transactions via a one-step merger,
including by (i) removing the Second Merger as part of the Contemplated Transactions and (ii) removing Second Merger Sub as a party to
the Merger Agreement.

Now,
Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals,
the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound, the Company, Parent and Merger Subs hereby agree as follows:

Article
1 Amendments to the Merger Agreement

1.1.
Amendments to the Merger Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective as of the Effective Date, the Merger Agreement
(including certain Exhibits attached thereto) is amended by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the
following example: stricken text) and adding the double-underlined text (indicated textually
in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth in Schedule
I hereto.

Article
2 Miscellaneous

2.1.
Except as specifically amended herein, the Merger Agreement remains in full force and effect, and the Parties hereto reserve all of their
respective rights and remedies with respect to all other matters and claims, whether known or unknown, arising under the Merger Agreement.
The Merger Agreement (including as amended hereby) and the other schedules, exhibits, certificates, instruments and agreements referred
to in the Merger Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among or between any of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; provided, however, that the Confidentiality
Agreement shall not be superseded and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

2.2.
This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute
one and the same instrument, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto were in the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed
Amendment (in counterparts or otherwise) by all Parties by electronic transmission in PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the Parties
to the terms and conditions of this Amendment.

2.3.
Article 11 of the Merger Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment, mutatis mutandis.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

2

In
Witness Whereof,
the Parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first above written.

Pulmatrix,
Inc.

By: /s/
Peter Ludlum

Name: Peter
Ludlum

Title: Interim
CEO

PCL
Merger Sub, Inc.

By: /s/
Peter Ludlum

Name: Peter
Ludlum

Title: President

PCL
Merger Sub II, LLC

By: /s/
Peter Ludlum

Name: Peter
Ludlum

Title: President

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization]

In
Witness Whereof,
the Parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first above written.

Cullgen
Inc.

By: /s/
Ying Luo

Name: Ying
Luo

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization]

Schedule
I

Amended
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization

(See
attached.)

Confidential

Execution
Version

AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

among:

PULMATRIX,
Inc.;

PCL
Merger Sub, Inc.;

PCL
Merger Sub II, LLCInc.;
and

cULLGEN
Inc.

Dated
as of November 13, 2024

Table
of Contents

Section
1. Definitions and Interpretative Provisions 2

1.1 Definitions 2

1.2 Other
Definitional and Interpretative Provisions 1717

Section
2. Description of Transaction 1818

2.1 The
Merger 1818

2.2 Effects
of the Merger 1818

2.3 Closing;
First Effective
Time; Second Effective
Time 18\
18

2.4 Organizational
Documents; Directors and Officers 1819

2.5 Conversion
of Company, First Merger
Suband Second
Merger Sub Equity
Securities 1920

2.6 Closing
of the Companys Transfer Books 2121

2.7 Surrender
of Company Capital Stock 2121

2.8 Calculation
of Net Cash. 2223

2.9 Further
Action 2424

2.10 Intended
Tax Treatment 2424

2.11 Withholding 2424

2.12 Appraisal
Rights 2424

Section
3. Representations and Warranties of the Company 2525

3.1 Due
Organization; Subsidiaries 2525

3.2 Organizational
Documents 2526

3.3 Authority;
Binding Nature of Agreement 2526

3.4 Vote
Required 2626

3.5 Non-Contravention;
Consents 2626

3.6 Capitalization. 2727

3.7 Financial
Statements 2829

3.8 Absence
of Changes 2929

3.9 Absence
of Undisclosed Liabilities 2930

3.10 Title
to Assets 2930

3.11 Real
Property; Leasehold 2930

3.12 Intellectual
Property 2930

3.13 Agreements,
Contracts and Commitments 3233

3.14 Compliance;
Permits; Restrictions 3435

3.15 Legal
Proceedings; Orders 3637

3.16 Tax
Matters 3637

3.17 Employee
and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans. 3738

A-2

3.18 Environmental
Matters 4041

3.19 Insurance 4041

3.20 No
Financial Advisors 4041

3.21 Transactions
with Affiliates 4041

3.22 Privacy
and Data Security 4142

3.23 Ownership
of Parent Capital Stock 4142

3.24 No
Other Representations or Warranties 4142

Section
4. Representations and Warranties of Parent,
First Mergerand
Second Merger
Sub 4143

4.1 Due
Organization; Subsidiaries 4243

4.2 Organizational
Documents 4243

4.3 Authority;
Binding Nature of Agreement 4243

4.4 Vote
Required 4344

4.5 Non-Contravention;
Consents 4344

4.6 Capitalization 4445

4.7 SEC
Filings; Financial Statements 4546

4.8 Absence
of Changes 4748

4.9 Absence
of Undisclosed Liabilities 4748

4.10 Title
to Assets 4748

4.11 Real
Property; Leasehold 4848

4.12 Intellectual
Property 4849

4.13 Agreements,
Contracts and Commitments 5051

4.14 Compliance;
Permits; Restrictions 5253

4.15 Legal
Proceedings; Orders 5455

4.16 Tax
Matters 5555

4.17 Employee
and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans 5656

4.18 Environmental
Matters 5859

4.19 Insurance 5859

4.20 Transactions
with Affiliates 5959

4.21 No
Financial Advisors 5959

4.22 Valid
Issuance 5960

4.23 Privacy
and Data Security 5960

4.24 No
Other Representations or Warranties 6060

Section
5. Certain Covenants of the Parties 6060

5.1 Operation
of Parents Business 6060

5.2 Operation
of the Companys Business. 6263

5.3 Access
and Investigation 6364

A-3

5.4 No
Solicitation 6465

5.5 Notification
of Certain Matters 6566

Section
6. Additional Agreements of the Parties 6566

6.1 Registration
Statement, Proxy Statement 6566

6.2 Company
Stockholder Written Consent 6768

6.3 Parent
Stockholder Meeting 6970

6.4 Efforts;
Regulatory Approvals. 7172

6.5 Company
Options 7273

6.6 Employee
Benefits 7273

6.7 Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 7374

6.8 Disclosure 7576

6.9 Listing 7576

6.10 Tax
Matters 7676

6.11 Legends 7777

6.12 Officers
and Directors 7777

6.13 Termination
of Certain Agreements and Rights 7778

6.14 Section
16 Matters 7778

6.15 Allocation
Information 7778

6.16 Parent
SEC Documents 7778

6.17 Wind-Down
Activities 7878

6.18 Obligations
of MergerSubsSub 7878

6.19 Parent
Pre-Closing Dividend 7878

6.20 Parent
Warrant 7879

6.21 CSRC
Filing(s) 7879

Section
7. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Each Party 7879

7.1 Effectiveness
of Registration Statement 7879

7.2 Foreign
Person Status 7879

7.3 No
Restraints 7979

7.4 Stockholder
Approval 7979

7.5 Listing 7979

7.6 CSRC
Approvals. The Company has obtained from the CSRC the approvals necessary for the Contemplated Transactions pursuant to the CSRC
Filing Rules. 7979

7.7 Lock-Up
Agreements 7979

7.8 Parent
Charter Amendment 7979

7.9 Registration
Rights Agreement 7979

Section
8. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parent and Merger SubsSub 7980

8.1 Accuracy
of Representations 7980

A-4

8.2 Performance
of Covenants 8080

8.3 Documents 8080

8.4 No
Company Material Adverse Effect 8080

8.5 Company
Stockholder Written Consent 8080

8.6 Parent
Pre-Closing Dividend 8080

Section
9. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Company 8081

9.1 Accuracy
of Representations 8081

9.2 Performance
of Covenants 8181

9.3 Documents 8181

9.4 No
Parent Material Adverse Effect 8181

9.5 Minimum
Cash Condition 8181

Section 10. Termination 8182

10.1 Termination 8182

10.2 Effect
of Termination 8383

10.3 Expenses;
Termination Fees 8383

Section
11. Miscellaneous Provisions 8485

11.1 Non-Survival
of Representations and Warranties 8485

11.2 Amendment 8485

11.3 Waiver 8585

11.4 Entire
Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile 8585

11.5 Applicable
Law; Jurisdiction 8585

11.6 Assignability 8586

11.7 Notices 8686

11.8 Cooperation 8686

11.9 Severability 8687

11.10 Other
Remedies; Specific Performance 8787

11.11 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries 8787

Exhibits:

Exhibit
A Form
of Company Stockholder Support Agreement

Exhibit
B Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit
C Registration
Rights Agreement

Exhibit
D-1 First
Certificate of Merger, including certificate
of incorporation of the First Step Surviving Corporation attached as Exhibit A thereto,
incorporated by reference into this Agreement

Exhibit
D-2 Second
Certificate of Merger, incorporated by reference into this Agreement

A-5

AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

This
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of November 13, 2024, by and among Pulmatrix,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), PCL Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (First Merger
Sub), PCL Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Second Merger Sub and, together with First Merger
Sub, Merger Subs), and Cullgen Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company). Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined Section 1.

Recitals

A.
Parent and the Company intend to effect a merger of First Merger Sub with and into the
Company (the First Merger) in accordance with this Agreement
and the DGCL. Upon consummation of the First Merger, First
Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

B.
Immediately following the First Merger and as part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, the Company will merge with and
into Second Merger Sub (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Merger),
with Second Merger Sub being the surviving entity of the Second Merger.

CB.
The Parties intend that, (i) the First Merger and the
Second Merger, taken together, will constitute an integrated transaction described in Rev. Rul. 2001-46, 2001-2 C.B. 321 that qualifieswill
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) this Agreement will constitute,
and is hereby adopted as, a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a).

DC.
The Parent Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Parent and
its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares
of Parent Capital Stock to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the constructive issuance by the
Company of shares of Company Common Stock to stockholders of Parent (as reflected in Rule 145(a) of the Securities Act) (the Constructive
Issuance), (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the
stockholders of Parent vote to approve this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares
of Parent Capital Stock to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Constructive Issuance, and, if
deemed necessary by the Parties, an amendment to Parents certificate of incorporation to effect the Nasdaq Reverse Split, and
(iv) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of Parent
vote to authorize the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635.

ED.
The First Merger Sub Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are
fair to, advisable, and in the best interests of First Merger Sub and its sole stockholder,
(ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholder of First Merger
Sub votes to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions.

F.
The sole member of Second Merger Sub has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable, and in the best interests
of Second Merger Sub and its sole member, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii)
determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the sole member of Second Merger
Sub votes to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions.

GE.
The Company Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company
and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of the Company vote to adopt this Agreement
and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions.

HF.
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to Parents willingness to enter
into this Agreement, each of the officers, directors and stockholders of the Company listed on Section A of the Company Disclosure
Letter (solely in their capacity as stockholders of the Company) are executing support agreements in favor of Parent in substantially
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Company Stockholder Support Agreement), pursuant to which such
Persons have, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, agreed to vote all of their shares of Company Capital Stock in favor
of the adoption of this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions and against any competing proposals.

IG.
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to Parents and the Companys
willingness to enter into this Agreement, all of the stockholders of the Company or Parent listed on Section B of the Company
Disclosure Letter are executing lock-up agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up
Agreement, and collectively, the Lock-Up Agreements).

JH.
It is expected that within two (2) Business Days after the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, the
holders of shares of Company Capital Stock sufficient to adopt and approve this Agreement and the Merger as required under the DGCL and
the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws will execute and deliver an action by written consent adopting this Agreement,
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent, in order to obtain the Required Company Stockholder Vote.

KI.
At the Closing, Parent, the Company and each of the holders of shares of Company Capital Stock who are Affiliates of the Company shall
enter into the registration rights agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Registration
Rights Agreement).

Agreement

The
Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Section
1. Definitions and Interpretative Provisions. 

1.1
Definitions.

(a)
For purposes of this Agreement (including this Section 1):

Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement means a confidentiality agreement containing terms not materially less restrictive in the aggregate
to the counterparty thereto than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, except such confidentiality agreement need not contain any
standstill, non-solicitation or no hire provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Person who has previously entered into a confidentiality
agreement with Parent relating to a potential Acquisition Proposal on terms that are not materially less restrictive than the Confidentiality
Agreement with respect to the scope of coverage and restrictions on disclosure and use shall not be required to enter into a new or revised
confidentiality agreement, and such existing confidentiality agreement shall be deemed to be an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement.

2

Acquisition
Inquiry means, with respect to a Party, an inquiry, indication of interest or request for non-public information (other than
an inquiry, indication of interest or request for information made or submitted by the Company, on the one hand, or Parent, on the other
hand, to the other Party) that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal.

Acquisition
Proposal means, with respect to a Party, any offer or proposal, whether written or oral (other than an offer or proposal made
or submitted by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, or by or on behalf of Parent or any of its Affiliates,
on the other hand, to the other Party) contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction with such Party.

Acquisition
Transaction means any transaction or series of related transactions (other than any Parent Legacy Transaction) involving:

(a)
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share exchange, business combination, issuance of securities, acquisition of securities, reorganization,
recapitalization, tender offer, exchange offer or other similar transaction: (i) in which a Person or group (as defined
in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of Persons directly or indirectly acquires beneficial or record ownership of
securities representing more than 20% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of a Party or any of its Subsidiaries
or (ii) in which a Party or any of its Subsidiaries issues securities representing more than 20% of the outstanding securities of any
class of voting securities of such Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or issues securities convertible into more than 20% of the outstanding
securities of any class of voting securities of such Party or any of its Subsidiaries; or

(b)
any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition of any business or businesses or assets that constitute or account
for 20% or more of the consolidated book value or the fair market value of the assets of a Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Affiliate
shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 145 under the Securities Act.

Affordable
Care Act means the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.

Anticipated
Closing Date means the anticipated Closing Date, as agreed upon by Parent and the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than a day on which banks in the State of New York are authorized or obligated to be closed.

COBRA
means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as set forth in Section 4980B of the Code and Section 6
of Title I of ERISA.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Company
Associate means any current employee, independent contractor, officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

3

Company
Board means the board of directors of the Company.

Company
Capital Stock means the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock.

Company
Capitalization Representations means the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.6(a)
and 3.6(d).

Company
Common Stock means the common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company.

Company
Contract means any Contract: (a) to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a Party, (b) by which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound or under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, or may become subject to, any obligation
or (c) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or may acquire any right or interest.

Company
Employee Plan means any Employee Plan that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) sponsors, maintains, administers, or
contributes to, or (ii) provides benefits under or through, or (iii) has any obligation to contribute to or provide benefits under or
through, or (iv) may reasonably be expected to have any Liability, or (v) utilizes to provide benefits to or otherwise cover any current
or former employee, officer, director or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or their spouses, dependents,
or beneficiaries).

Company
Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.1(a), 3.2,
3.3, 3.4, 3.5(a)(i) and 3.20.

Company
IP Rights means all Intellectual Property rights that are owned or purported to be owned by, assigned to, exclusively licensed
to, or controlled by the Company or its Subsidiaries that are necessary for, or used or held for use in, the operation of the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

Company
IP Rights Agreement means any Contract governing, related to or pertaining to any Company IP Rights other than any confidential
information provided under confidentiality agreements.

Company
Key Employee means any executive officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Company
Material Adverse Effect means any Effect that, considered together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the
date of determination of the occurrence of a Company Material Adverse Effect, has or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets, liabilities or results of operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole; provided, however, that Effects arising or resulting from the following shall not be taken into account
in determining whether there has been a Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency of the
Contemplated Transactions, (b) the taking of any action, or the failure to take any action, by the Company that is required to comply
with the terms of this Agreement, (c) any natural disaster, calamity or epidemics, pandemics or other force majeure events, or any act
or threat of terrorism or war, any armed hostilities or terrorist activities (including any escalation or general worsening of any of
the foregoing) anywhere in the world or any governmental or other response or reaction to any of the foregoing, (d) any change in GAAP
or applicable Law or the interpretation thereof, (e) general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting the industries
in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or (f) any change in the cash position of the Company and its Subsidiaries which results
from operations in the Ordinary Course of Business; except in each case with respect to clauses (c), (d) and (e), to the extent disproportionately
affecting the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated companies in the industries in which
the Company and its Subsidiaries operate.

4

Company
Merger Shares means the product determined by multiplying (i) the Post-Closing Parent Shares by
(ii) the Company Allocation Percentage, in which:

Aggregate
Valuation means the sum of (i) the Company Valuation, plus (ii)
the Parent Valuation.

Company
Allocation Percentage means the percentage (rounded to four decimal places) determined
by subtracting (i) the Parent Allocation Percentage from
(ii) 100 percent.

Company
Outstanding Shares means, without duplication, the total number of shares of Company
Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the First
Effective Time, expressed on a fully diluted and as-converted-to-Company
Common Stock basis assuming, without limitation or duplication the exercise of all Company
Options or other rights or commitments to receive shares of Company Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of Company Common Stock
or Company Preferred Stock), whether conditional or unconditional, that are outstanding as
of immediately prior to the First Effective
Time.

Company
Valuation means $280,000,000.

Exchange
Ratio means the ratio (rounded to four decimal places) equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (i) the Company Merger Shares by (ii) the Company Outstanding Shares.

Parent
Allocation Percentage means the quotient (expressed as a percentage and rounded
to four decimal places) determined by dividing (i) the Parent Valuation by
(ii) the Aggregate Valuation.

Parent
Outstanding Shares means, without duplication, (including, without limitation,
the effects of the Nasdaq Reverse Split, if completed) the total number of shares of Parent
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the First
Effective Time plus the underlying shares of Parent Common Stock in
respect of all In the Money Parent Options and In the Money Parent Warrants that are outstanding
immediately prior to the First Effective
Time.

Parent
Valuation means (i) $10,500,000, minus (ii) the amount by which
Parent Net Cash is less than $2,500,000 (if any).

Post-Closing
Parent Shares mean the quotient determined by dividing (i) the Parent
Outstanding Shares by (ii) the Parent Allocation Percentage.

Company
Options means options or other rights to purchase shares of Company Capital Stock issued by the Company.

Company
Preferred Stock means the shares of the Companys capital stock designated as preferred stock, including the Company
Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, Company Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock, Company Series A Preferred Stock, Company Series B Preferred Stock
and Company Series C Preferred Stock.

5

Company
Registered IP means all Company IP Rights that are owned or exclusively licensed by the Company that are registered, filed
or issued under the authority of, with or by any Governmental Authority, including all patents, registered copyrights and registered
trademarks and all applications and registrations for any of the foregoing.

Company
Series A Preferred Stock means a series of the Companys preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock, $0.0001
par value per share.

Company
Series B Preferred Stock means a series of the Companys preferred stock designated as Series B Preferred Stock, $0.0001
par value per share.

Company
Series C Preferred Stock means a series of the Companys preferred stock designated as Series C Preferred Stock, $0.0001
par value per share.

Company
Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock means a series of the Companys preferred stock designated as Series Seed-1 Preferred
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

Company
Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock means a series of the Companys preferred stock designated as Series Seed-2 Preferred
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

Company
Stock Plans means the Companys [2018 Equity Incentive Plan].

Company
Triggering Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement and the approval
of the Contemplated Transactions by the Required Company Stockholder Vote the Company Board shall have made a Company Board Adverse Recommendation
Change.

Confidentiality
Agreement means the letter agreement dated as of October 22, 2024, between the Company and Parent.

Consent
means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver or authorization (including any Governmental Authorization).

Contemplated
Transactions means the Merger, the Constructive Issuance and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other
than the Parent Legacy Transaction and Parent Charter Amendment), and the Nasdaq Reverse Split (to the extent applicable and deemed necessary
by Parent and the Company).

Contract
means, with respect to any Person, any written agreement, contract, subcontract, lease (whether for real or personal property), mortgage,
license, or other legally binding commitment or undertaking of any nature to which such Person is a party or by which such Person or
any of its assets are bound or affected under applicable Law.

CSRC
means the China Securities Regulatory Commission.

CSRC
Filing(s) means any and all letters, filings, correspondences, communications, documents, responses, undertakings and submissions
in any form, including any amendments, supplements or modifications thereof, made or to be made to the CSRC, relating to or in connection
with the Contemplated Transactions pursuant to the applicable rules and requirements of the CSRC, including without limitation the CSRC
Filing Rules.

6

CSRC
Filing Rules means the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies ()
and supporting guidelines issued by the CSRC and effective from March 31, 2023.

DGCL
means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

DLLCA
means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act.

Effect
means any effect, change, event, circumstance, or development.

Employee
Plan means (A) an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA whether or not subject to
ERISA; (B) other plan, program, policy or arrangement providing for stock options, stock purchases, equity-based compensation, bonuses
(including any annual bonuses and retention bonuses) or other incentives, severance pay, deferred compensation, employment, compensation,
change in control or transaction bonuses, supplemental, vacation, retirement benefits (including post-retirement health and welfare benefits),
pension benefits, profit-sharing benefits, fringe benefits, life insurance benefits, perquisites, health benefits, medical benefits,
dental benefits, vision benefits, and all other employee benefit plans, agreements, and arrangements, not described in (A) above; and
(C) all other plans, programs, policies or arrangements providing compensation to employees, consultants and non-employee directors.

Encumbrance
means any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest, lease, exclusive license, option, easement, reservation,
servitude, adverse title, claim, infringement, interference, option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, community property interest
or restriction or encumbrance of any nature (including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on the transfer
of any security or other asset, any restriction on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any restriction on the use of any
asset and any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).

Enforceability
Exceptions means the (a) Laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and (b)
rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.

Entity
means any corporation (including any nonprofit corporation), partnership (including any general partnership, limited partnership or limited
liability partnership), joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any company limited by shares, limited liability company or
joint stock company), firm, society or other enterprise, association, organization or entity, and each of its successors.

Environmental
Law means any federal, state, local or foreign Law relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment
(including ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata), including any law or regulation relating to
emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

7

ERISA
Affiliate means, with respect to any Entity, any other Person that would be treated as a single employer with such Entity
or part of the same controlled group as such Entity under Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Code.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

First
Merger Sub Board means the board of directors of First Merger Sub.

Governmental
Authority means any: (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction
of any nature, (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, supra-national or other government, (c) governmental or quasi-governmental
authority of any nature (including any governmental division, department, agency, commission, bureau, instrumentality, official, ministry,
fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any taxing
authority) or (d) self-regulatory organization (including Nasdaq).

Governmental
Authorization means any: (a) permit, license, certificate, franchise, permission, variance, exception, order, approval,
clearance, registration, qualification or authorization issued, granted, given or otherwise made available by or under the authority
of any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Law or (b) right under any Contract with any Governmental Authority.

Hazardous
Materials means any pollutant, chemical, substance and any toxic, infectious, carcinogenic, reactive, corrosive, ignitable
or flammable chemical, or chemical compound, or hazardous substance, material or waste, whether solid, liquid or gas, that is subject
to regulation, control or remediation under any Environmental Law, including without limitation, crude oil or any fraction thereof, and
petroleum products or by-products.

In
the Money Parent Option shall mean Parent Options with an exercise price equal to or less than the Parent Closing Price.

In
the Money Parent Warrant shall mean Parent Warrant with an exercise price equal to or less than the Parent Closing Price.

Intellectual
Property means: (a) United States, foreign and international patents, patent applications, including all provisionals, nonprovisionals,
substitutions, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions, supplementary protection certificates, reexaminations,
term extensions, certificates of invention and the equivalents of any of the foregoing, statutory invention registrations, invention
disclosures and inventions (collectively, Patents), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, corporate
names, brand names, URLs, trade dress, logos and other source identifiers, including registrations and applications for registration
thereof and goodwill associated therewith, (c) copyrights, including registrations and applications for registration thereof, (d) software,
including all source code, object code and related documentation, (e) formulae, customer lists, trade secrets, know-how, confidential
information and other proprietary rights and intellectual property, whether patentable or not, and (f) all United States and foreign
rights arising under or associated with any of the foregoing.

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Knowledge
means, (i) with respect to an individual, that such individual is actually aware of the relevant fact or such individual would reasonably
be expected to know such fact in the ordinary course of the performance of such individuals employment responsibilities, (ii)
with respect Parent, the Knowledge of the individuals listed on Schedule A of the Parent Disclosure Letter as of the date of such
knowledge is imputed and (iii) with respect to Company, the Knowledge of the individuals listed on Schedule C of the Company Disclosure
Letter as of the date of such knowledge is imputed, and (iv) any Person that is an Entity (other than Parent) the Knowledge of any executive
officer of such Person as of the date such knowledge is imputed. With respect to any matters relating to Intellectual Property, such
awareness or reasonable expectation to have knowledge does not require any such individual to conduct or have conducted or obtain or
have obtained any freedom to operate opinions of counsel or any Intellectual Property rights clearance searches.

8

Law
means any federal, state, national, supra-national, foreign, local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common
law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented
or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority (including under the authority of Nasdaq or the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

Legal
Proceeding means any action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative
or appellate proceeding), hearing, inquiry, audit, examination or investigation commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before any
court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator or arbitration panel.

Merger
Sub Board means the board of directors of Merger Sub.

Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

Multiple
Employer Plan means a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code or Section
3(40) of ERISA.

Multiple
Employer Welfare Arrangement means a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40)
of ERISA.

Nasdaq
Reverse Split means a reverse stock split of all outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock effected by Parent for the purpose
of maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing standards.

Nasdaq
means The Nasdaq Stock Market.

Order
means any judgment, order, writ, injunction, ruling, decision or decree of (that is binding on a Party), or any plea agreement, corporate
integrity agreement, resolution agreement or deferred prosecution agreement with, or any settlement under the jurisdiction of, any court
or Governmental Authority.

Ordinary
Course of Business means, in the case of each of the Company and Parent, such actions taken in the ordinary course of its
business and consistent with its past practice or, with respect to the Company, the customary practices of a company at a similar stage
of development; provided, however, that during the Pre-Closing Period, the Ordinary Course of Business of Parent shall also include actions
required to effect and effecting any Parent Legacy Transaction.

Organizational
Documents means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), (a) the certificate or articles of association or
incorporation or organization or limited partnership or limited liability company, and any joint venture, limited liability company,
operating or partnership agreement and other similar documents adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization
of such Person and (b) all bylaws, regulations and similar documents or agreements relating to the organization or governance of such
Person, in each case, as amended or supplemented.

9

Out
of the Money Parent Options shall mean Parent Options with an exercise price greater than the Parent Closing Price.

Parent
Associate means any current employee, independent contractor, officer or director of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

Parent
Balance Sheet means the audited balance sheet of Parent as of December 31, 2023, included in Parents Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC.

Parent
Board means the board of directors of Parent.

Parent
Capital Stock means the Parent Common Stock and the Parent Preferred Stock.

Parent
Capitalization Representations means the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger SubsSub
set forth in Sections 4.6(a) and 4.6(d).

Parent
Closing Price means the volume weighted average closing trading price of a share of Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq for the
five (5) consecutive trading days ending three (3) trading days immediately prior to the Closing Date as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

Parent
Common Stock means the common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of Parent.

Parent
Contract means any Contract: (a) to which Parent is a party, (b) by which Parent or any Parent IP Rights or any other asset
of Parent is or may become bound or under which Parent has, or may become subject to, any obligation or (c) under which Parent has or
may acquire any right or interest.

Parent
Employee Plan means any Employee Plan that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (i) sponsors, maintains, administers, or contributes
to, or (ii) provides benefits under or through, or (iii) has any obligation to contribute to or provide benefits under or through, or
(iv) may reasonably be expected to have any Liability, or (v) utilizes to provide benefits to or otherwise cover any current or former
employee, officer, director or other service provider of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (or their spouses, dependents, or beneficiaries).

Parent
Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger SubsSub
set forth in Sections 4.1(a), 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5(a)(i) and
4.21.

Parent
IP Rights means all Intellectual Property owned, licensed or controlled by Parent that is necessary for, or used or held for
use in, the operation of the business of Parent.

Parent
IP Rights Agreement means any Contract governing, related or pertaining to any Parent IP Rights.

Parent
Key Employee means (i) an executive officer of Parent; and (ii) any employee of Parent that reports directly to the Parent
Board or to an executive officer of Parent.

Parent
Legacy Business means the business of Parent as conducted at any time prior to the date of this Agreement, including but not
limited to business related to the assets listed on Section 1.1(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter.

10

Parent
Material Adverse Effect means any Effect that, considered together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the
date of determination of the occurrence of the Parent Material Adverse Effect, has or would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets, liabilities or results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole; provided, however, that Effects arising or resulting from the following shall not be taken into account in
determining whether there has been a Parent Material Adverse Effect: (a) the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency of the Contemplated
Transactions, (b) any change in the stock price or trading volume of Parent Common Stock (it being understood, however, that any Effect
causing or contributing to any change in stock price or trading volume of Parent Common Stock may be taken into account in determining
whether a Parent Material Adverse Effect has occurred, unless such Effects are otherwise excepted from this definition), (c) the taking
of any action, or the failure to take any action, by Parent that is required to comply with the terms of this Agreement, (d) any natural
disaster, calamity or epidemics, pandemics or other force majeure events, or any act or threat of terrorism or war, any armed hostilities
or terrorist activities (including any escalation or general worsening of any of the foregoing) anywhere in the world, or any governmental
or other response or reaction to any of the foregoing, (e) any change in GAAP or applicable Law or the interpretation thereof or (f)
general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting the industries in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
operates; except, in each case with respect to clauses (d), (e) and (f), to the extent materially and disproportionately affecting Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated companies in the industries in which Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries operates. Notwithstanding the above, a delisting of Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq shall constitute a Parent Material
Adverse Effect, provided that the Company has not refused or unreasonably delayed its consent to reasonable actions by Parent
to maintain the listing of Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq.

Parent
Net Cash means without duplication, (i) Parents unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities determined,
to the extent in accordance with GAAP, in a manner consistent with the manner in which such items were historically determined and in
accordance with the financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents
and the Parent Balance Sheet, minus (ii) the sum of Parents consolidated short-term and long-term contractual obligations
and liabilities accrued at the Closing Date (including the aggregate amount of any Parent Warrant Termination Fees payable to holders
of Parent Warrants), in each case determined in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent in accordance with GAAP, in a manner consistent
with the manner in which such items were historically determined and in accordance with the financial statements (including any related
notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents and the Parent Balance Sheet, minus (v) the aggregate
amount (without duplication) of all fees and expenses incurred by Parent prior to the First Effective
Time in connection with the Contemplated Transactions or the Parent Legacy Transaction, including: (a) any fees and expenses of legal
counsel, accountants, financial advisors, investment bankers, brokers, consultants, tax advisors, and other professional advisors of
Parent in connection with the Contemplated Transactions or the Parent Legacy Transaction; (b) 50% of the fees paid to the SEC in connection
with filing the Registration Statement and any amendments and supplements thereto, with the SEC; (c) 50% of the fees and expenses in
connection with the printing, mailing and distribution of the Proxy Statement and any amendments and supplements thereto; (d) 50% of
the Nasdaq Fees; (e) (x) if Parent Net Cash (without regard to fees related to obtaining a fairness opinion) is less than $7,000,000,
50% of the fees related to obtaining a fairness opinion, or (y) if Parent Net Cash (without regard to fees related to obtaining a fairness
opinion) is greater than or equal to $7,000,000, 100% of the fees related to obtaining a fairness opinion; (f) any bonus, retention payments,
severance, change-in-control payments or similar payment obligations (including payments with single-trigger provisions
triggered at and as of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby) that become due or payable to any director, officer,
employee or consultant in connection with the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions or any Parent Legacy Transaction, together
with any payroll Taxes associated therewith; (g) the dividend of any excess Parent Net Cash (but only to the extent declared and unpaid)
and all costs and expenses associated therewith; and (h) the costs associated with obtaining the D&O Tail Policy pursuant to Section
6.7, in each case, to the extent unpaid as of the First Effective Time, minus
(vi) all remaining rent payments and any other Liabilities under Parents lease obligations, minus, (vii)
any unpaid Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries for Tax periods (or portions thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date, minus
(viii) all costs and expenses to be mutually agreed by Parent and the Company relating to the winding down of Parent Legacy Business,
including the sale, license or other disposition of any or all of the Parent Legacy Business to the extent unpaid as of the Closing,
including any costs incurred costs incurred by Parent following the Closing pursuant to Section 6.17 and any costs incurred
by Parent relating to lease terminations, plus (ix) (A) $325,000 for each month, or portion thereof, after April 30, 2025
by which Closing is delayed and (B) an additional $432,000 after June 15, 2025, (except where such delay is caused due to the failure
of Parent to complete the conditions set forth in Section 9, and net of any amounts remaining under Parents current
director and officer insurance policy which are creditable against the costs of obtaining the D&O Tail Policy) (for example, if the
Closing is delayed until (A) May 31, 2025 then $325,000 will be added to Parent Net Cash or (B) June 30, 2025 then $1,082,000 (net of
any amounts remaining under Parents current director and officer insurance policy which are creditable against the costs of obtaining
the D&O Tail Policy) will be added to Parent Net Cash).

11

Parent
Options means options or other rights to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock granted by Parent, including pursuant to any
Parent Stock Plan.

Parent
Preferred Stock means the shares of Parents capital stock designated as preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share
of Parent.

Parent
Registered IP means all Parent IP Rights that are owned or exclusively licensed by Parent that are registered, filed or issued
under the authority of, with or by any Governmental Authority, including all patents, registered copyrights and registered trademarks
and all applications for any of the foregoing.

Parent
Restricted Stock Units means any equity award with respect to Parent Common Stock that represents the right to receive in
the future shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to any Parent Stock Plan.

Parent
Triggering Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, prior to the approval of this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions
by Parents stockholders and subject to Section 6.3(c): (a) Parent shall have failed to include in the Proxy Statement
the Parent Board Recommendation, (b) the Parent Board or any committee thereof shall have made a Parent Board Adverse Recommendation
Change or subject to Section 6.3(e), publicly proposed, endorsed or recommended any Acquisition Proposal or (c) Parent shall
have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal (other than an Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement permitted pursuant to Section 5.4).

Parent
Warrant means any warrant to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock.

Party
or Parties means the Company, Merger SubsSub
and Parent.

Permitted
Alternative Agreement means a definitive agreement that contemplates or otherwise relates to an Acquisition Transaction that
constitutes a Superior Offer.

Permitted
Encumbrance means (a) any statutory liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable or for Taxes that are being contested
in good faith by the appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been made on the Company Balance Sheet or the Parent
Balance Sheet, as applicable, in accordance with GAAP, (b) minor non-monetary liens that have arisen in the Ordinary Course of Business
and that do not (in any case or in the aggregate) materially detract from the value of the assets subject thereto or materially impair
the operations of the Company or Parent, as applicable, (c) statutory liens to secure obligations to landlords, lessors or renters
under leases or rental agreements, (d) deposits or pledges made in connection with, or to secure payment of, workers compensation,
unemployment insurance or similar programs mandated by Law, (e) statutory liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and materialmen,
to secure claims for labor, materials or supplies for amounts that are not yet due and payable and (f) liens arising under applicable
securities Law.

12

Person
means any individual, Entity or Governmental Authority.

Personal
Information means any data or information that constitutes personal information, personal data,
personally identifiable information, protected health information, or any analogous term under applicable
Law, including any such information that identifies, relates to, describes, is linked to, is reasonably capable of being associated with,
or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with any identified or identifiable individual or household.

Privacy
Laws mean, collectively, (i) all Laws governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss,
data theft, breach notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other
tracking technology, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of Personal Information,
including any such legally binding requirements set forth in regulations and agreements containing consent orders published by regulatory
authorities of competent jurisdiction such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Federal Communications Commission, and state data
protection authorities, including HIPAA, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and U.S.
state consumer protection and data breach notification Laws, and (ii) any legally binding requirements of any self-regulatory organizations
governing data privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, breach notification, data localization,
sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, or the collection, handling,
use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of Personal Information.

Representatives
means with respect to a Person, such Persons directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers,
advisors and other representatives; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that Representatives of the Company expressly do not
include GNI Group Ltd. or any of its Affiliates (including without limitation, GNI USA).

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Subsequent
Transaction means any Acquisition Transaction (with all references to 20% in the definition of Acquisition Transaction being
treated as references to 50% for these purposes).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to an Entity, a Person if such Person directly or indirectly owns or purports to own, beneficially or of record,
(a) an amount of voting securities or other interests in such Entity that is sufficient to enable such Person to elect at least a majority
of the members of such entitys board of directors or other governing body or (b) at least 50% of the outstanding equity, voting,
beneficial or financial interests in such Entity.

13

Superior
Offer means an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal (with all references to 20% in the definition of Acquisition
Transaction being treated as references to 50% for these purposes) that: (a) was not obtained or made as a direct or indirect result
of a breach of this Agreement, (b) is on terms and conditions that the Parent Board or the Company Board, as applicable, determines in
good faith, based on such matters that it deems relevant (including the likelihood of consummation thereof and the financing terms thereof),
as well as any written offer by the other Party to this Agreement to amend the terms of this Agreement, and following consultation with
its outside legal counsel and financial advisors, if any, are more favorable, from a financial point of view, to Parents stockholders
or the Companys stockholders, as applicable, than the terms of the Contemplated Transactions, (c) is not subject to any financing
conditions (and if financing is required, such financing is then fully committed to the third party) and (d) is reasonably capable of
being completed on the terms proposed.

Tax
means any U.S. federal, state, local, foreign or other tax, including any income tax, franchise tax, capital gains tax, gross receipts
tax, value-added tax, surtax, estimated tax, employment tax, unemployment tax, national health insurance tax, environmental tax, excise
tax, ad valorem tax, transfer tax, conveyance tax, stamp tax, sales tax, use tax, property tax, business tax, withholding tax, payroll
tax, social security tax, customs duty, licenses tax, alternative or add-on minimum or other tax or similar charge, duty, levy, fee,
tariff, impost, obligation or assessment in the nature of a tax (whether imposed directly or through withholding and whether or not disputed),
and including any fine, penalty, addition to tax, interest or additional amount imposed by a Governmental Authority with respect thereto
(or attributable to the nonpayment thereof).

Tax
Return means any return (including any information return), report, statement, declaration, claim or refund, estimate, schedule,
notice, notification, form, election, certificate or other document or information, and any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing,
filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Authority (or provided to a payee) in connection with the determination, assessment,
collection or payment of any Tax or in connection with the administration, implementation or enforcement of or compliance with any Law
relating to any Tax.

Treasury
Regulations means the United States Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code.

(b)
Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:

Terms Section

AAA 2.8(fe)

Accounting
Firm 2.8(fe)

Agreement Preamble

Allocation
Certificate 6.15

Assumed
Option 6.5

Capitalization
Date 4.6(a)

Cash
Determination Time 2.8(a)

Certificate
of Merger 2.3

Certifications 4.7(a)

Closing 2.3

Closing
Date 2.3

Closing
Parent Net Cash 5.1(c)(ii)

Company Preamble

Company
409A Plan 3.17(i)

Company
Audited Financial Statements 6.1(e)

14

Terms Section

Company
Balance Sheet 3.7(a)

Company
Board Adverse Recommendation Change 6.2(d)

Company
Board Recommendation 6.2(c)

Company
Disclosure Letter 3.7(a)

Company
Financials Section 3

Company
Interim Financial Statements 6.1(e)

Company
Intervening Event 6.2(d)

Company
Material Contract 3.13(a)

Company
Material Contracts 3.13(a)

Company
Permits 3.14(b)

Company
Product Candidates 3.14(d)

Company
Real Estate Leases 3.11

Company
Regulatory Permits 3.14(d)

Company
Required S-4 Information 6.1(d)

Company
Stock Certificates 2.7(b)

Company
Stockholder Support Agreement Recital

Company
Stockholder Written Consents 6.2(a)

Constructive
Issuance Recital

Costs 6.7(a)

D&O
Indemnified Parties 6.7(a)

D&O
Tail Policy 6.7(a)

Dispute
Notice 2.8(b)

Dissenting
Shares 2.12(a)

DPA 7.2

Drug/Device
Regulatory Agency 3.14(b)

Effective
Time 2.3

Employment-Related
Laws 3.17(j)

End
Date 10.1(b)

Exchange
Agent 2.7(a)

FDA 3.14(b)

FDCA 3.14(c)

First
Certificate of Merger 2.3

First
Effective Time 2.3

First
Merger Recital

First
Step Surviving Corporation 2.1

Form
S-4 6.1(a)

GAAP 3.7(a)

Intended
Tax Treatment 2.10

Liability 3.9

Lock-Up
Agreement Recital

Lock-Up
Agreements Recital

Merger Recital

Merger
Consideration 2.5(a)(ii)

15

Terms Section

Merger
SubsSub Preamble

Nasdaq
Fees 6.9

Nasdaq
Listing Application 6.9

Notice
Period 6.2(d)

Ordinary
Course Agreement 3.16(g)

Parent Preamble

Parent
409A Plan 4.17(j)

Parent
Board Adverse Recommendation Change 6.3(c)

Parent
Board Recommendation 6.3(b)

Parent
Charter Amendment 2.4(b)(iic)

Parent
Disclosure Letter Section 4

Parent
Intervening Event 6.3(c)

Parent
Legacy Transaction 5.1(c)

Parent
Material Contract 4.13(a)

Parent
Material Contracts 4.13(a)

Parent
Net Cash Calculation 2.8(a)

Parent
Net Cash Schedule 2.8(a)

Parent
Notice Period 6.3(c)

Parent
Permits 4.14(b)

Parent
Pre-Closing Dividend 5.1(c)(ii)

Parent
Pre-Closing Dividend Amount 5.1(c)(ii)

Parent
Product Candidates 4.14(d)

Parent
Real Estate Leases 4.11

Parent
Regulatory Permits 4.14(d)

Parent
SEC Documents 4.7(a)

Parent
Stock Plans 4.6(c)

Parent
Stockholder Matters 6.3(a)

Parent
Stockholder Meeting 6.3(a)

Parent
Warrant Termination Fee 6.20

PHSA 3.14(c)

Post-Closing
Welfare Plan 6.6(b)

Pre-Closing
Period 5.1(a)

Privacy
Policies 3.22

Proxy
Statement 6.1(a)

Registration
Rights Agreement Recital

Registration
Statement 6.1(a)

Required
Company Stockholder Vote 3.4

Required
Parent Stockholder Vote 4.4

Response
Date 2.8(b)

SEC
Documents 6.16

Second
Certificate of Merger 2.3

Second
Effective Time 2.3

Second
Merger Recital

16

Terms Section

Service
Provider Grants 1.1

Stockholder
Notice 6.2(b)

Surviving
EntityCorporation 2.1

Tax
Certificates 6.10(c)

Termination
Fee 10.3(b)

Transaction
Litigation 6.4(c)

WARN
Act 3.17(j)

1.2
Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. The words hereof, herein and hereunder
and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation
hereof. References to Sections, Exhibits and Schedules are to Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.
Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit or Schedule but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement.
Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular, the masculine gender shall
include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall
include masculine and feminine gender. Whenever the words include, includes or including are
used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in
fact followed by those words or words of like import. The word or is not exclusive. Writing, written
and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References
to any agreement or Contract (except for references to any agreements or Contracts listed on the Parent Disclosure Letter or Company
Disclosure Letter) are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof. The Exhibits to this Agreement, the Parent Disclosure Letter and the Company Disclosure Letter are integral parts
of the interpretation of this Agreement, but only Exhibit D-1 (including Exhibit A to
such Exhibit) and Exhibit D-2 is incorporated by reference and made a part hereof for
purposes of Section 251 of the DGCL. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References
to any statute are to that statute and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended, modified, re-enacted
thereof, substituted, from time to time. References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States.
All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in accordance with GAAP
unless otherwise expressly specified. References from or through any date shall mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including
or through and including, respectively. All references to days shall be to calendar days unless otherwise indicated as
a Business Day. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, for purposes of measuring the beginning and ending of time
periods in this Agreement (including for purposes of Business Day and for hours in a day or Business Day), the time at
which a thing, occurrence or event shall begin or end shall be deemed to occur in the Eastern time zone of the United States. The Parties
agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be applied
in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The Parties agree that the Company Disclosure Letter or Parent Disclosure Letter
shall be arranged in sections and subsections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections and subsections contained in Section 3
or Section 4, respectively. The disclosures in any section or subsection of the Company Disclosure
Letter or the Parent Disclosure Letter shall qualify other sections and subsections in Section 3 or Section 4,
respectively, to the extent it is readily apparent from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such other
sections and subsections. The words delivered or made available mean, with respect to any documentation,
that prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the day prior to the date of this Agreement, a copy of such material
has been (a) posted to and continuously made available by a Party to the other Party and its Representatives in the electronic data
room maintained by such disclosing Party for the purposes of the Contemplated Transactions or (b) delivered by or on behalf of a Party
or its Representatives to the other Party or its Representatives via electronic mail or in hard copy form prior to the execution of this
Agreement. 

17

Section
2. Description of Transaction

2.1
The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the First
Effective Time, First Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company,
and the separate existence of First Merger Sub shall cease. The Company will continue
as the surviving corporation in the First Merger (the First
Step Surviving Corporation). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, at the Second Effective Time, the First Step Surviving Corporation will merge with and into Second Merger
Sub, and the separate existence of the First Step Surviving Corporation shall cease. As a result of the Second Merger, Second Merger
Sub will continue as the surviving entity in the Second Merger (the Surviving Entity).

2.2
Effects of the Merger. The First Merger shall have the effects set forth in this
Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. As a result of the First Merger,
the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The Second Merger shall have the effects
set forth in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL and the DLLCA. 

2.3
Closing; First Effective Time;
Second Effective Time. Unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.1,
and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8,
the consummation of the Merger (the Closing) shall take place remotely, as promptly as practicable (but in no event
later than the second Business Day following the satisfaction or waiver of the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions set forth
in Section 7, Section 8 and Section 9, other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of such conditions), or at such other time, date
and place as Parent and the Company may mutually agree in writing. The date on which the Closing actually takes place is referred to
as the Closing Date. At the Closing, (i) the Parties shall cause
the First Merger to be consummated by executing and filing with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware a certificate of merger with respect to the Merger, satisfying the applicable requirements of the DGCL and in
form and substance attached hereto as Exhibit D-1 and incorporated herein
by reference (the First Certificate of Merger) and (ii) the Parties shall cause
the Second Merger to be consummated by executing and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of merger
with respect to the Second Merger, satisfying the applicable requirements of the DGCL and the DLLCA and in form and substance attached
hereto as Exhibit D-2and incorporated herein by reference (the Second Certificate
of Merger and together with the First Certificate of Merger, the Certificate of Merger).
The First Merger shall become effective at the time of the filing of such Certificate
of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later time as may be specified in such Certificate of Merger
with the consent of Parent and the Company (the time as of which the Merger becomes effective being referred to as the First
Effective Time). The Second Merger shall become effective at the time
of the filing of such Second Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later time as may
be specified in such Second Certificate of Merger with the consent of Parent and the Company (the time as of which the Second Merger
becomes effective being referred to as the Second Effective Time)..

18

2.4
Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers.

(a)
.At
the First Effective Time:

(ia)
The certificate of incorporation of the First Step Surviving Corporation shall be amended
and restated in the Merger to read as set forth on Exhibit A to the Certificate of Merger, until thereafter amended as provided
by the DGCL and such certificate of incorporation;

(iib)
The bylaws of the First Step Surviving Corporation shall be identical to the bylaws
of the Company as in effect immediately prior to the First Effective Time, until thereafter
amended as provided by the DGCL and such bylaws; and

(iii)
the directors and officers of the First Step Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation
and bylaws of the First Step Surviving Corporation, shall be such persons as shall be mutually agreed upon by Parent and the Company.

(b)
At the Second Effective Time: 

(i)
The certificate of formation of the Surviving Entity shall be the certificate of formation of Second Merger Sub as in effect immediately
prior to the Second Effective Time, until thereafter amended as provided by the DLLCA and such certificate of formation; provided,
however, that atfollowing the Second
Effective Time (as part of the Second Certificate of Merger), the certificate of formationbut
as soon thereafter as practicable), the bylaws shall be amended to (A) change
the name of the Surviving EntityCorporation
to [Cullgen Operating Company, LLC],Inc.]
and (B) make such other changes as are mutually agreed to by Parent and the Company;

(ii)
The limited liability company agreement of the Surviving Entity shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read identically to
the limited liability company agreement of Second Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Second Effective Time, until thereafter
amended as provided by the DLLCA and such limited liability company agreement; provided, however, that following the Second Effective
Time (but as soon thereafter as practicable), the limited liability company agreement shall be amended to change the name of the Surviving
Entity to [Cullgen Operating Company, LLC]; 

(iiic)
The certificate of incorporation of Parent shall be identical to the certificate of incorporation of Parent immediately prior to the
Second Effective Time, until thereafter amended as provided by the DGCL and such certificate
of incorporation; provided, however, that at the Second Effective Time,
Parent shall file an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to (i) change the name of Parent to Cullgen Inc., (ii)
effect the Nasdaq Reverse Split (to the extent applicable and necessary), (iii) increase the number of shares of Parent Common Stock
that Parent is authorized to issue to a number mutually agreed between Parent and the Company, and (iv) make such other changes as are
mutually agreeable to Parent and the Company (such amendment, the Parent Charter Amendment);

(ivd)
The directors and officers of Parent, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Parent, shall
be as set forth in Section 6.12; and

(ve)
The directors and officers of the Surviving EntityCorporation,
each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement
of Secondincorporation and bylaws of Merger Sub, shall be as set forth in Section 6.12 after
giving effect to the provisions of Section 6.12, or such other persons as shall be mutually agreed upon
by Parent and the Company.

19

2.5
Conversion of Company, First Merger Suband Second
Merger Sub Equity Securities.

(a)
At the First Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further action
on the part of Parent, Merger SubsSub, the Company
or any stockholder of the Company or Parent:

(i)
any shares of Company Capital Stock held as treasury stock immediately prior to the First Effective
Time shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor; and

(ii)
subject to Section 2.5(c), (A) each share of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the First
Effective Time (excluding shares of Company Capital Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 2.5(a)(i) and excluding
Dissenting Shares) shall be converted solely into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange
Ratio, and (B) each share of Company Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective
Time (excluding shares of Company Capital Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 2.5(a)(i) and excluding Dissenting Shares)
shall be converted solely into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to (x) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of each share of Company Preferred Stock pursuant to the Companys certificate of incorporation
and as set forth on Schedule 2.5(a)(ii) multiplied by (y) the Exchange Ratio (collectively, the Merger Consideration).

(b)
If any shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective
Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option or a risk of forfeiture under any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement
or other similar agreement with the Company, then the shares of Parent Capital Stock issued in exchange for such shares of Company Capital
Stock will to the same extent be unvested and subject to the same repurchase option or risk of forfeiture, and such shares of Parent
Capital Stock shall accordingly be marked with appropriate legends. The Company shall take all actions that may be necessary to ensure
that, from and after the First Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such
repurchase option or other right set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement.

(c)
No fractional shares of Parent Capital Stock shall be issued in connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such
fractional shares shall be issued. Any holder of Company CommonCapital
Stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional
shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to such holder) shall receive from Parent, in lieu of such fractional share and upon surrender
by such holder of a letter of transmittal in accordance with Section 2.8 and any accompanying documents as required
therein: (i) one share of Parent Common Stock if the aggregate amount of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock such holder of Company
CommonCapital Stock would otherwise be entitled
to is equal to or exceeds 0.50; or (ii) no shares of Parent Common Stock if the aggregate amount of fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock such holder of Company CommonCapital Stock
would otherwise be entitled to is less than 0.50, with no cash being paid for any fractional share eliminated by such rounding. Any
fractional shares of Parent Preferred Stock that a holder of Company Preferred Stock would otherwise be entitled to receive shall be
aggregated with all fractional shares of Parent Preferred Stock issuable to such and any remaining fractional shares shall be, in lieu
of such fractional share and upon surrender by such holder of a letter of transmittal in accordance with Section
2.8and any accompanying documents as required therein, rounded up to the nearest whole share of Parent
Preferred Stock. 

20

(d)
All Company Options outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall
be treated in accordance with Section 6.5. Each share of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of First
Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective
Time shall be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.001 par value
per share, of the First Step Surviving Corporation. Each book entry share of First
Merger Sub evidencing ownership of any such shares shall, as of the First Effective
Time, evidence ownership of such shares of common stock of the First Step Surviving
Corporation.

(e)
If, between the date of this Agreement and the First Effective Time, the outstanding
Company Capital Stock or Parent Capital Stock shall have been changed into, or exchanged for, a different number of shares or a different
class, by reason of any stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split (including the Nasdaq Reverse Split to
the extent such split has not previously been taken into account in calculating the Exchange Ratio), combination or exchange of shares
or other like change, the Exchange Ratio shall, to the extent necessary, be equitably adjusted to reflect such change to the extent necessary
to provide the holders of Company Capital Stock, Company Options and Parent Capital Stock with the same economic effect as contemplated
by this Agreement prior to such stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination or exchange of shares
or other like change; provided, however, that nothing herein will be construed to permit the Company or Parent to take
any action with respect to Company Capital Stock or Parent Capital Stock, respectively, that is prohibited or not expressly permitted
by the terms of this Agreement.

(f)
At the Second Effective Time, by virtue of the Second Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, the First Step Surviving Corporation,
Second Merger Sub or their respective stockholders, each share of the First Step Surviving Corporation issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Second Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof and no payment or distribution shall
be made with respect thereto.

2.6
Closing of the Companys Transfer Books. At the First Effective Time: (a)
all Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time
shall be treated in accordance with Section 2.5(a), and all holders of certificates representing Company Capital Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall cease to have any rights
as stockholders of the Company and (b) the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed with respect to all Company Capital Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time. No further transfer of any
such Company Capital Stock shall be made on such stock transfer books after the First Effective
Time.

2.7
Surrender of Company Capital Stock.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, Parent and the Company shall jointly select a reputable bank, transfer agent or trust company to act
as exchange agent in the Merger (the Exchange Agent). At the First Effective
Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent evidence of book-entry shares representing the shares of Parent Capital Stock issuable
pursuant to Section 2.5(a) in exchange for Company Capital Stock.

21

(b)
Promptly after the First Effective Time, the Parties shall cause the Exchange Agent
to mail to the Persons who were record holders of shares of Company Capital Stock that were converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration: (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form and containing such provisions as Parent may reasonably specify (including
a provision confirming that delivery of physical stock certificates representing shares of Company Capital Stock, (the Company
Stock Certificates) shall be effected, and risk of loss and title shall pass, only upon delivery of such Company Stock Certificates
to the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of Company Stock Certificates, or uncertificated shares of Company
Capital Stock, in exchange for book-entry shares of Parent Capital Stock. Upon surrender of a Company Stock Certificate or other reasonable
evidence of the ownership of uncertificated Company Capital Stock to the Exchange Agent for exchange, together with a duly executed letter
of transmittal and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the Exchange Agent or Parent: (A) the holder of such Company
Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor book-entry shares
representing the Merger Consideration (in a number of whole shares of Parent Capital Stock) that such holder has the right to receive
pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.5(a) and Section 2.5(c) and (B) the Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated
shares of Company Capital Stock so surrendered shall be canceled. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.7(b),
each Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock shall be deemed, from and after the First
Effective Time, to represent only the right to receive book-entry shares of Parent Capital Stock representing the Merger
Consideration. If any Company Stock Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the delivery of any shares of Parent Capital Stock, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock Certificate
to provide an applicable affidavit with respect to such Company Stock Certificate and post a bond indemnifying Parent against any claim
suffered by Parent related to the lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock Certificate or any Parent Capital Stock issued in exchange
therefor as Parent may reasonably request.

(c)
No dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to Parent Capital Stock with a record date after the First
Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Company Stock Certificate with respect to the shares
of Parent Capital Stock that such holder has the right to receive in the Merger until such holder surrenders such Company Stock Certificate
or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock or provides an affidavit of loss or destruction in lieu thereof in accordance with
this Section 2.7 (at which time such holder shall be entitled, subject to the effect of applicable abandoned property, escheat
or similar Laws, to receive all such dividends and distributions, without interest).

(d)
Any shares of Parent Capital Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent that remain undistributed to holders of Company Stock Certificates
as of the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date shall be delivered to Parent upon demand, and any holders of Company Stock Certificates
who have not theretofore surrendered their Company Stock Certificates or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock in accordance
with this Section 2.7 shall thereafter look only to Parent for satisfaction of their claims for Parent Capital Stock and any dividends
or distributions with respect to shares of Parent Capital Stock.

(e)
No Person shall be liable to any holder of any Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock or to any
other Person with respect to any shares of Parent Capital Stock (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or for any cash
amounts delivered to any public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property Law, escheat Law or similar Law.

22

2.8
Calculation of Net Cash.

(a)
No later than five (5) Business Days before the Closing, Parent will deliver to the Company a schedule (the Parent Net Cash
Schedule) setting forth, in reasonable detail, Parents good faith, estimated calculation of Parent Net Cash (the Parent
Net Cash Calculation) as of 11:59 p.m. on the Business Day prior to the Anticipated Closing Date (the Cash Determination
Time) prepared and certified by Parents chief financial officer (or if there is no chief financial officer at such
time, the principal financial and accounting officer for Parent). Parent shall make available to the Company (electronically to the greatest
extent possible) as reasonably requested by the Company, the work papers and back-up materials used or useful in preparing the Parent
Net Cash Schedule and, if reasonably requested by the Company, Parents internal finance personnel and its accountants and counsel
at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice. The Parent Net Cash Calculation shall include Parents determination, as of the
Cash Determination Time, of the defined terms in Section 1.1(a) necessary to calculate the Exchange Ratio.

(b)
No later than three (3) Business Days after the Cash Determination Time (the last day of such period, the Response Date),
the Company shall have the right to dispute any part of the Parent Net Cash Calculation by delivering a written notice to that effect
to Parent (a Dispute Notice). Any Dispute Notice shall identify in reasonable detail and to the extent known the
nature and amounts of any proposed revisions to the Parent Net Cash Calculation and will be accompanied by reasonably detailed materials
supporting the basis for such revisions.

(c)
If, on or prior to the Response Date, the Company notifies Parent in writing that it has no objections to the Parent Net Cash Calculation
or, if on the Response Date, the Company fails to deliver a Dispute Notice as provided in Section 2.8(b), then the Parent
Net Cash Calculation as set forth in the Parent Net Cash Schedule shall be deemed to have been finally determined for purposes of this
Agreement and to represent the Parent Net Cash at the Cash Determination Time for purposes of this Agreement.

(d)

(ed)
If the Company delivers a Dispute Notice on or prior to the Response Date, then Representatives of Parent and the Company shall promptly
meet and attempt in good faith to resolve the disputed item(s) and negotiate an agreed-upon determination of Parent Net Cash, which agreed
upon the Parent Net Cash amount shall be deemed to have been finally determined for purposes of this Agreement and to represent the Parent
Net Cash at the Cash Determination Time for purposes of this Agreement.

(fe)
If Representatives of Parent and the Company are unable to negotiate an agreed-upon determination of Parent Net Cash as of the Cash Determination
Time pursuant to Section 2.8(ed)
within three days after delivery of the Dispute Notice (or such other period as Parent and the Company may mutually agree upon),
then any remaining disagreements as to the calculation of Parent Net Cash shall be referred to an independent auditor of recognized national
standing jointly selected by Parent and the Company. If the parties are unable to select an independent auditor within five (5) days,
then either Parent or the Company may thereafter request that the Los Angeles, California Office of the American Arbitration Association
(AAA) make such selection (either the independent auditor jointly selected by both parties or such independent auditor
selected by the AAA, the Accounting Firm). Parent and the Company shall promptly deliver to the Accounting Firm
the work papers and back-up materials used in preparing the Parent Net Cash Schedule and the Dispute Notice, and Parent and the Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Accounting Firm to make its determination within five (5) Business Days of
accepting its selection. Parent and the Company shall be afforded the opportunity to present to the Accounting Firm any material related
to the unresolved disputes and to discuss the issues with the Accounting Firm; provided, however, that no such presentation
or discussion shall occur without the presence of a Representative of each of Parent and the Company. The determination of the Accounting
Firm shall be limited to the disagreements submitted to the Accounting Firm. The determination of the amount of Parent Net Cash made
by the Accounting Firm shall be made in writing delivered to each of Parent and the Company, shall be final and binding on Parent and
the Company and shall (absent manifest error) be deemed to have been finally determined for purposes of this Agreement and to represent
the Parent Net Cash at the Cash Determination Time for purposes of this Agreement. The Parties shall delay the Closing until the resolution
of the matters described in this Section 2.8(fe).
The fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be allocated between Parent and the Company in the same proportion that the disputed
amount of the Parent Net Cash that was unsuccessfully disputed by such Party (as finally determined by the Accounting Firm) bears to
the total disputed amount of the Parent Net Cash amount. If this Section 2.8(fe)
applies as to the determination of the Parent Net Cash at the Cash Determination Time upon resolution of the matter in accordance
with this Section 2.8(fe),
the Parties shall not be required to determine Parent Net Cash again even though the Closing may occur later than the Anticipated Closing
Date, except that either Parent and the Company may request a redetermination of Parent Net Cash if the Closing Date is more than thirty
(30) days after the Anticipated Closing Date.

23

2.9
Further Action. If, at any time after the First Effective Time, any further action
is determined by the Surviving EntityCorporation
to be necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving EntityCorporation
with full right, title and possession of and to all rights and property of the Company, then the officers and directors of
the Surviving EntityCorporation shall be fully
authorized, and shall use their and its commercially reasonable efforts (in the name of the Company, in the name of First
Merger Sub, in the name of Second Merger Sub, in the name of the Surviving EntityCorporation
and otherwise) to take such action.

2.10
Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income Tax purposes,
the Merger is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment).
The Parties adopt this Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g)
and 1.368-3.

2.11
Withholding. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the Surviving EntityCorporation
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any Person such
amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld from such consideration under applicable Law; provided that the Exchange Agent,
Parent and the Surviving EntityCorporation shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly notify such Persons of any intention to withhold any portion of such consideration and
cooperate with such Persons to reduce or eliminate any such withholding to the extent permitted by applicable Law. To the extent such
amounts are so deducted or withheld and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes
under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. All payments made under this
agreement that constitute compensation to employees for services for Tax purposes shall be made through the payroll of the Surviving
EntityCorporation or Parent, as applicable.

2.12
Appraisal Rights.

(a)
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Company Capital Stock that are outstanding immediately prior
to the First Effective Time and which are held by stockholders or owned by beneficial
owners who have exercised and perfected appraisal rights for such shares of Company Capital Stock in accordance with the DGCL (collectively,
the Dissenting Shares) shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration described
in Section 2.5 attributable to such Dissenting Shares. Such stockholders or beneficial owners shall be entitled to receive payment
of the fair value of such shares of Company Capital Stock held by them in accordance with the DGCL, unless and until such stockholders
or beneficial owners fail to perfect or effectively withdraw or otherwise lose their appraisal rights under the DGCL. All Dissenting
Shares held by stockholders or owned by beneficial owners who shall have failed to perfect or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost
their right to appraisal of such shares of Company Capital Stock under the DGCL (whether occurring before, at or after the First
Effective Time) shall thereupon be deemed to be converted into and to have become exchangeable for, as of the First
Effective Time, the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without interest, attributable to such Dissenting Shares
upon their surrender in the manner provided in Sections 2.5 and 2.7.

24

(b)
The Company shall give Parent prompt written notice of any demands by dissenting stockholders or beneficial owners received by the Company,
withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served on the Company and any material correspondence received by the Company in
connection with such demands, and Parent shall have the right to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such
demands. The Company shall not, except with Parents prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned,
make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or approve any withdrawal of any such demands or agree
to do any of the foregoing.

Section
3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.Except as set forth in the written disclosure document delivered by the Company
to Parent (the Company Disclosure Letter) concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company represents
and warrants to Parent and Merger SubsSub as
follows: 

3.1
Due Organization; Subsidiaries.

(a)
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation or other legal entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has all necessary power and authority:
(i) to conduct its business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted, (ii) to own or lease and use its property
and assets in the manner in which its property and assets are currently owned or leased and used and (iii) to perform its obligations
under all Contracts by which it is bound.

(b)
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly licensed and qualified to do business, and is in good standing (to the extent applicable
in such jurisdiction), under the Laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of its business in the manner in which its business is currently
being conducted requires such licensing or qualification other than in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified individually
or in the aggregate would not be reasonably expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c)
The Company has no Subsidiaries except as set forth on Section 3.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter The Company
is not and has never otherwise been, directly or indirectly, a party to, member of or participant in any partnership, joint venture or
similar business entity. The Company has not agreed or is obligated to make, or is bound by any Contract under which it may become obligated
to make, any future investment in or capital contribution to any other Entity. The Company has not, at any time, been a general partner
of, or has otherwise been liable for any of the debts or other obligations of, any general partnership, limited partnership or other
Entity.

25

3.2
Organizational Documents. The Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of
the Company. The Company is not in breach or violation of its Organizational Documents in any material respect.

3.3
Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement. The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The Company Board has (i) determined that
the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and
declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of the Company vote to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the
Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery by Parent, First Merger Sub and Second
Merger Sub, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

3.4
Vote Required. The affirmative vote (or written consent) of (i) the holders of at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the outstanding
shares of Company Series C Preferred Stock, (ii) the holders of at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the outstanding shares of Company
Series B Preferred Stock, (iii) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Series A Preferred Stock, (iv)
the holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Company Preferred Stock, (v) the holders of at least sixty-seven percent (67%)
of the Company Preferred Stock held by stockholders that hold, individually or together with their affiliates, at least 1,900,000 shares
of Company Preferred Stock, (vi) GNI USA, Inc., (vii) Yue Xiong, (viii) Jian Jin, (ix) Wuxi Astra-Zeneca-CICC No. 1 Venture Capital Partnership
(L.P.), and (x) Hangzhou Astra-Zeneca-CICC Venture Capital Partnership (L.P.) (collectively, the Required Company Stockholder
Vote) is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Company Capital Stock necessary to adopt and approve this
Agreement and approve the Contemplated Transactions. 

3.5
Non-Contravention; Consents.

(a)
Subject to obtaining the Required Company Stockholder Vote, the filing of the Certificate of Merger required by the DGCL or
DLLCA and the CSRC Filing(s), neither (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company, nor
(y) the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, will directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

(i)
contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any of the provisions of the Companys Organizational Documents;

(ii)
contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of, or give any Governmental Authority or other Person the right to challenge
the Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any Law or any Order by which the Company, or any
of the assets owned or used by the Company, is subject;

(iii)
contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of any of the terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Authority
the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any Governmental Authorization that is held by the Company or that
otherwise relates to the business of the Company, or any of the assets owned, leased or used by the Company;

26

(iv)
contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or result in a default under, any provision of any Company Material
Contract, or give any Person the right to: (A) declare a default or exercise any remedy under any Company Material Contract, (B) any
material payment, rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule under any Company Material Contract, (C) accelerate the
maturity or performance of any Company Material Contract or (D) cancel, terminate or modify any term of any Company Material Contract,
except in the case of any nonmaterial breach, default, penalty or modification; or

(v)
result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or with respect to any asset owned or used by the Company (except for Permitted
Encumbrances).

(b)
Except for (i) the Required Company Stockholder Vote, (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware pursuant to the DGCL or DLLCA, (iii) the CSRC Filing(s) and (iv) such
consents, waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal
and state securities laws, the Company was not, is not, nor will be required to make any filing with or give any notice to, or to obtain
any Consent from, any Person in connection with (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or (y) the consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions.

(c)
No state takeover statute or similar Law applies or purports to apply to the Merger, this Agreement, the Company Stockholder Support
Agreements or any of the Contemplated Transactions.

3.6
Capitalization.

(a)
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 143,329,269 shares of Company Common Stock of which 10,023,615 shares have
been issued and are outstanding as of the date hereof and (ii) 57,821,355 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which, as of the date
hereof, 10,000,000 shares have been designated Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, all of which have been issued and are outstanding, 5,000,000
shares have been designated Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock, none of which have been issued and are outstanding, 9,411,765 shares have
been designated Series A Preferred Stock, all of which have been issued and are outstanding, 20,080,321 shares have been designated Series
B Preferred Stock, all of which have been issued and are outstanding, and 13,329,269 shares have been designated Series C Preferred Stock
and 11,425,088 have been issued and are outstanding. The Company does not hold any shares of its capital stock in its treasury. As of
the date of this Agreement, the Companys capital stock is held by the Persons and in the amounts set forth in Section 3.6(a)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, which further sets forth for each such Person (i) the name of such Person and the number of
shares held, (ii) the class and series of such shares, (iii) the number of the applicable book-entry positions representing
such shares or the number of the certificate representing such shares, (iv) whether such Person is or has ever been an employee,
and (v) the state of residence of such Person. Each share of Company Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of Company Common
Stock. There are no declared or accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of the Companys capital stock and the
Company has never declared or paid any dividend or other distribution.

27

(b)
All of the outstanding Company Capital Stock as set out in Section 3.6(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter have
been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable and are free of any Encumbrances other than Encumbrances
set forth in the Organizational Documents or under applicable securities Laws. None of the outstanding Company Capital Stock is entitled
or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right of maintenance or any similar right and none of the outstanding Company
Capital Stock is subject to any right of first refusal in favor of the Company. Except as contemplated herein, there is no Company Contract
relating to the voting or registration of, or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of (or
granting any option or similar right with respect to), any Company Capital Stock. The Company is not under any obligation, nor is it
bound by any Contract pursuant to which it may become obligated, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding Company Capital
Stock or other securities. Section 3.6(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter accurately and completely describes all repurchase
rights held by the Company with respect to Company Capital Stock (including shares issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options)
and specifies which of those repurchase rights are currently exercisable.

(c)
Except for the Company Stock Plans and except as set forth on Section 3.6(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does
not have any stock option plan or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement providing for any equity-based compensation for any
Person. Section 3.6(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the following information with respect to each
Company Option outstanding as of the date hereof: (i) the name of the holder, (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject
to such Company Option as of the date hereof, (iii) the exercise price of such Company Option, (iv) the date on which such Company Option
was granted, (v) the applicable vesting schedule, including any acceleration provisions, (vi) the date on which such Company Option expires,
and (vii) whether such Company Option is intended to be an incentive stock option (as defined in the Code) or a nonqualified
stock option. The Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of equity incentive plans pursuant to which the Company
has equity-based awards, the forms of all award agreements evidencing such equity-based awards and evidence of board and stockholder
approval of the Company Stock Plans and any amendments thereto.

(d)
Except for the outstanding Company Options or Company Options and any other equity awards issued under the Company Stock Plan (including
any shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Company Options or other equity awards) to directors, employees,
consultants or other service providers following the date hereof but prior to the Closing (collectively, the Service Provider
Grants), there is no: (i) outstanding subscription, option, call, warrant or right (whether or not currently exercisable)
to acquire any Company Capital Stock or other securities of the Company, (ii) outstanding security, instrument or obligation that is
or may become convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of the capital stock or other securities of the Company, (iii) stockholder
rights plan (or similar plan commonly referred to as a poison pill) or Contract under which the Company is or may become
obligated to sell or otherwise issue any Company Capital Stock or any other securities or (iv) condition or circumstance that may give
rise to or provide a basis for the assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive
any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock,
profit participation or other similar rights with respect to the Company.

(e)
All outstanding Company Capital Stock, Company Options and other securities of the Company have been issued and granted in compliance
in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable Law and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable
Contracts.

(f)
The Company Capital Stock are uncertificated.

28

3.7
Financial Statements.

(a)
Section 3.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter includes true and complete copies of the Companys unaudited balance sheets
at December 31, 2023 (the Company Balance Sheet), together with related unaudited statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows, and notes thereto, of the Company for the fiscal year then ended (collectively, the Company
Financials). The Company Financials (i) were prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) (except that the Company Financials may not have notes thereto and other presentation items that may be required
by GAAP and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that are not reasonably expected to be material in amount) applied
on a consistent basis unless otherwise noted therein throughout the periods indicated and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial position and operating results of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein.

(b)
The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed
in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of the financial statements of the Company in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability of the Companys assets, (iii)
access to the Companys assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv)
the recorded accountability for the Companys assets is compared with the existing assets at regular intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company maintains internal controls consistent with the practices of similarly situated
private companies over financial reporting that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes.

(c)
Section 3.7(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists, and the Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete
copies of the documentation creating or governing, all securitization transactions and off-balance sheet arrangements (as
defined in Item 303(c) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) effected by the Company.

(d)
There have been no formal internal investigations regarding financial reporting or accounting policies and practices discussed with,
reviewed by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Company, the Company Board
or any committee thereof. Neither the Company nor its independent auditors have identified (i) any significant deficiency or material
weakness in the design or operation of the system of internal accounting controls utilized by the Company, (ii) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves the Company, the Companys management or other employees who have a role in the preparation of financial
statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by the Company or (iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing.

3.8
Absence of Changes. Except as set forth on Section 3.8 of the Company Disclosure Letter, between the date of
its incorporation and the date of this Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiaries has conducted its business only in the Ordinary Course
of Business (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto)
and there has not been any (a) Company Material Adverse Effect or (b) action, event or occurrence that would have required consent of
Parent pursuant to Section 5.2(b) of this Agreement had such action, event or occurrence taken place after the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.

29

3.9
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Since the date of its incorporation, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liability, indebtedness, obligation, expense, claim, deficiency, guaranty or endorsement of any kind, whether accrued, absolute, contingent,
matured, unmatured or otherwise (each a Liability), except for: (a) Liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved
against in the Company Financials, (b) normal and recurring current Liabilities that have been incurred by the Company since the date
of the Company Balance Sheet in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of which relates to any breach of contract, breach of warranty,
tort, infringement or violation of Law), (c) Liabilities for performance of obligations of the Company under Company Contracts, (d) Liabilities
incurred in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, (e) Liabilities described in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure
Letter and (f) those Liabilities that are not material to the Company.

3.10
Title to Assets. The Company owns and has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased properties and assets, valid leasehold
interests in, all tangible properties or tangible assets and equipment used or held for use in its business or operations or purported
to be owned by it, including: (a) all tangible assets reflected on the Company Balance Sheet and (b) all other tangible assets reflected
in the books and records of the Company as being owned by the Company. All of such assets are owned or, in the case of leased assets,
leased by the Company free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

3.11
Real Property; Leasehold. The Company does not own and has never owned any real property, nor is the Company party to any agreement
to purchase or sell any real property. The Company has made available to Parent (a) an accurate and complete list of all real properties
with respect to which the Company directly or indirectly holds a valid leasehold interest as well as any other real estate that is in
the possession of or leased by the Company and (b) copies of all leases under which any such real property is possessed (the Company
Real Estate Leases), each of which is in full force and effect, with no existing material default thereunder by the Company
or to the Companys Knowledge, the other party thereto. 

3.12
Intellectual Property.

(a)
Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter is an accurate, true and complete listing of all Company Registered
IP.

(b)
Section 3.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter accurately identifies (i) all Company Contracts pursuant to which any Company
IP Rights are licensed to the Company (other than (A) any non-customized software that (1) is so licensed solely in executable or object
code form pursuant to a nonexclusive, internal use software license and other Intellectual Property associated with such software and
(2) is not incorporated into, or material to the development, manufacturing or distribution of, any of the Companys products or
services, (B) any Intellectual Property licensed on a nonexclusive basis ancillary to the purchase or use of services, equipment, reagents
or other materials, (C) any confidential information provided under confidentiality agreements and (D) agreements between Company and
its employees in Companys standard form thereof) and (ii) whether the license or licenses granted to the Company are exclusive
or nonexclusive.

(c)
Section 3.12(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter accurately identifies each Company Contract pursuant to which
any Person has been granted any license or covenant not to sue under, or otherwise has received or acquired any right (whether or not
currently exercisable) or interest in, any Company IP Rights (other than (i) any confidential information provided under confidentiality
agreements and (ii) any Company IP Rights nonexclusively licensed to academic collaborators, suppliers or service providers for the sole
purpose of enabling such academic collaborator, supplier or service providers to provide services for the Companys benefit).

30

(d)
The Company is not bound by, and no Company IP Rights are subject to, any Contract containing any covenant or other provision that in
any way limits or restricts the ability of the Company to use, exploit, assert or enforce any Company IP Rights anywhere in the world.

(e)
The Company exclusively owns all right, title and interest to and in Company IP Rights (other than (i) Company IP Rights licensed to
the Company, or co-owned rights each as identified in Section 3.12(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter, (ii)
any non-customized software that (A) is licensed to the Company solely in executable or object code form pursuant to a nonexclusive,
internal use software license and other Intellectual Property associated with such software and (B) is not incorporated into, or material
to the development, manufacturing or distribution of, any of the Companys products or services and (iii) any Intellectual Property
licensed on a nonexclusive basis ancillary to the purchase or use of equipment, reagents or other materials), in each case, free and
clear of any Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(i)
All documents and instruments necessary to register or apply for or renew registration of Company Registered IP have been validly executed,
delivered and filed in a timely manner with the appropriate Governmental Authority.

(ii)
Each Person who is or was an employee or contractor of the Company and who is or was involved in the creation or development of any Intellectual
Property for the Company has signed a valid, enforceable agreement containing a present assignment of such Intellectual Property to the
Company and confidentiality provisions protecting trade secrets and confidential information of the Company.

(iii)
To the Knowledge of the Company, no current or former stockholder, officer, director or employee of the Company has any claim, right
(whether currently exercisable, or exercisable in the future) or interest to or in any Company IP Rights purported to be owned by the
Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, no employee of the Company is (a) bound by or otherwise subject to any Contract restricting
him or her from performing his or her duties for the Company or (b) in breach of any Contract with any former employer or other Person
concerning Company IP Rights purported to be owned by the Company or confidentiality provisions protecting trade secrets and confidential
information comprising Company IP Rights purported to be owned by the Company.

(iv)
No funding, facilities or personnel of any Governmental Authority or any university, college, research institute or other educational
institution were used, directly or indirectly, to develop or create, in whole or in part, any Company IP Rights in which the Company
has an ownership interest, except for any such funding or use of facilities or personnel that does not result in such Governmental Authority
or institution owning such Company IP Rights or the right to receive royalties or other remuneration for the practice of such Company
IP Rights as of the date of this Agreement.

(v)
The Company has taken reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of and otherwise protect and enforce its rights in all proprietary
information that the Company holds, or purports to hold, as confidential or a trade secret.

(vi)
The Company has not assigned or otherwise transferred ownership of, or agreed to assign or otherwise transfer ownership of, any Company
IP Rights to any other Person.

31

(f)
The Company has delivered or made available to Parent, a complete and accurate copy of all Company IP Rights Agreements. With respect
to each of the Company IP Rights Agreements: (i) each such agreement is valid and binding on the Company and in full force and effect,
(ii) the Company has not received any written notice of termination or cancellation under such agreement, or received any written notice
of breach or default under such agreement, which breach has not been cured or waived and (iii) the Company, and to the Knowledge of the
Company, no other party to any such agreement, is not in breach or default thereof in any material respect.

(g)
The manufacture, marketing, offering for sale, sale, importation, use or intended use or other disposal of any product as currently sold
or under development by the Company does not violate any license or agreement between the Company and any other third party, and, to
the Knowledge of the Company, does not infringe or misappropriate any valid and issued Patent right or other Intellectual Property of
any other Person, which infringement or misappropriation would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the
Knowledge of the Company, no third party is infringing upon any Patents owned by Company within the Company IP Rights, or otherwise violating
any Company IP Rights Agreement.

(h)
As of the date of this Agreement, Company is not a party to any Legal Proceeding (including, but not limited to, opposition, interference
or other proceeding in any patent or other government office) contesting the validity, enforceability, claim construction, ownership
or right to use, sell, offer for sale, license or dispose of any Company IP Rights. The Company has not received any written notice asserting
that any Company IP Rights or the proposed use, sale, offer for sale, license or disposition of products, methods or processes claimed
or covered thereunder infringes or misappropriates or violates the rights of any other Person or that the Company has otherwise infringed,
misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property of any Person. None of the Company IP Rights is subject to any outstanding
order of, judgment of, decree of or agreement with any Governmental Authority that limits the ability of the Company to exploit any Company
IP Rights.

(i)
Each item of Company Registered IP is and at all times has been filed and maintained in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable Law and all filings, payments and other actions required to be made or taken to maintain such item of Company Registered IP
in full force and effect have been made by the applicable deadline. To the Knowledge of the Company, all Company Registered IP that is
issued or granted is valid and enforceable.

(j)
To the Knowledge of the Company, no trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by the Company
conflicts or interferes with any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by any other
Person. None of the goodwill associated with or inherent in any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) in which the Company has
or purports to have an ownership interest has been impaired as determined by the Company in accordance with GAAP.

(k)
Except as set forth in Sections 3.12(b), 3.12(c) or 3.12(k) of the Company Disclosure Letter
or as contained in off-the-shelf license agreements entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business by the Company, (i)
the Company is not bound by any Contract to indemnify, defend, hold harmless or reimburse any other Person with respect to any Intellectual
Property infringement, misappropriation, or similar claim which is material to the Company, taken as a whole and (ii) the Company has
never assumed, or agreed to discharge or otherwise take responsibility for, any existing or potential liability of another Person for
infringement, misappropriation, or violation of any Intellectual Property right, which assumption, agreement or responsibility remains
in force as of the date of this Agreement.

32

(l)
The Company is not party to any Contract that, as a result of such execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, will cause
the grant of any license or other right to any Company IP Rights, result in breach of, default under or termination of such Contract
with respect to any Company IP Rights, or impair the right of the Company or the Surviving EntityCorporation
and its Subsidiaries to use, sell or license or enforce any Company IP Rights or portion thereof, except for the occurrence
of any such grant or impairment that would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

3.13
Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.

(a)
Section 3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists the following Company Contracts in effect as of the date
of this Agreement (each, a Company Material Contract and collectively, the Company Material Contracts):

(i)
each Company Contract relating to any agreement of indemnification or guaranty not entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(ii)
each Company Contract containing (A) any covenant limiting the freedom of the Company or the Surviving EntityCorporation
to engage in any line of business or compete with any Person, or limiting the development, manufacture or distribution of
the Companys products or services (B) any most-favored pricing arrangement, (C) any exclusivity provision or (D) any non-solicitation
provision;

(iii)
each Company Contract (A) pursuant to which any Person granted the Company an exclusive license under any Intellectual Property, or (B)
pursuant to which the Company granted any Person an exclusive license under any Company IP Rights;

(iv)
each Company Contract relating to capital expenditures and requiring payments after the date of this Agreement in excess of $100,000
pursuant to its express terms and not cancelable without penalty;

(v)
each Company Contract containing any royalty, dividend or similar arrangement based on the revenues or profits of the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries, or of a product;

(vi)
each Company Contract relating to the disposition or acquisition of material assets or any ownership interest in any Entity, in each
case, involving payments in excess of $100,000 after the date of this Agreement;

(vii)
each Company Contract relating to any mortgages, indentures, loans, notes or credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements
or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit in excess of $100,000 or creating any material Encumbrances
with respect to any assets of the Company or any loans or debt obligations with officers or directors of the Company;

33

(viii)
each Company Contract requiring payment by or to the Company after the date of this Agreement in excess of $100,000 pursuant to its express
terms relating to: (A) any distribution agreement (identifying any that contain exclusivity provisions), (B) any agreement involving
provision of services or products with respect to any pre-clinical or clinical development activities of the Company, (C) any dealer,
distributor, joint marketing, alliance, joint venture, cooperation, development or other agreement currently in force under which the
Company has continuing obligations to develop or market any product, technology or service, or any agreement pursuant to which the Company
has continuing obligations to develop any Intellectual Property that will not be owned, in whole or in part, by the Company or (D) any
Contract to license any patent, trademark registration, service mark registration, trade name or copyright registration to or from any
third party to manufacture or produce any product, service or technology of the Company or any Contract to sell, distribute or commercialize
any products or service of the Company, in each case, except for Company Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(ix)
each Company Contract with any Person, including any financial advisor, broker, finder, investment banker or other Person, providing
advisory services to the Company in connection with the Contemplated Transactions and requiring payments by Company after the date in
this Agreement in excess of $100,000 pursuant to its express terms;

(x)
each Company Contract to which the Company is a party or by which any of its assets and properties is currently bound, which involves
annual obligations of payment by, or annual payments to, the Company in excess of $100,000;

(xi)
each Company Contract entered into in settlement of any Legal Proceeding or other dispute pursuant to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has outstanding obligations to pay consideration in excess of $100,000;

(xii)
any other Company Contract that is not terminable at will (with no penalty or payment) by the Company, and (A) which involves payment
or receipt by the Company after the date of this Agreement under any such agreement, contract or commitment of more than $100,000 in
the aggregate, or obligations after the date of this Agreement in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate or (B) that is material to the
business or operations of the Company taken as a whole; or

(xiii)
Company Real Estate Leases.

(b)
The Company has delivered or made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of all Company Material Contracts, including all amendments
thereto. There are no Company Material Contracts that are not in written form. The Company has not, nor to the Companys Knowledge,
as of the date of this Agreement has any other party to a Company Material Contract, breached, violated or defaulted under, or received
notice that it breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions of any Company Material Contract in such a manner,
and, if such Company Material Contract provides for a cure period, the Company or such other party fails to have cured such breach, violation
or default, so that any other party or the Company, as the case may be, is permitted to modify, cancel or terminate any such Company
Material Contract, or would permit any other party to seek damages which would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. As to the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, each Company Material Contract is valid, binding, enforceable and in full
force and effect, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. No Person is renegotiating, or has a right pursuant to the terms of any Company
Material Contract to change, any material amount paid or payable to the Company under any Company Material Contract or any other material
term or provision of any Company Material Contract.

34

3.14
Compliance; Permits; Restrictions.

(a)
The Company is, and has been in material compliance with all applicable Laws. No investigation, claim, suit, proceeding, audit, Order
or other Legal Proceeding or action by any Governmental Authority is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against
the Company. There is no agreement or Order binding upon the Company which (i) has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect
of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company, any acquisition of material property by the Company or the
conduct of business by the Company as currently conducted, (ii) is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the Companys
ability to comply with or perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement or (iii) is reasonably likely to have the effect of
preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with the Contemplated Transactions.

(b)
Except for matters regarding the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or any successor agency thereto) (FDA) or other
comparable Governmental Authority responsible for regulation of the development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling,
sale, marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation of drug or medical device products (Drug/Device Regulatory
Agency), the Company holds all required Governmental Authorizations for the operation of the business of the Company as currently
conducted (the Company Permits). Section 3.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter identifies
each Company Permit. The Company is in material compliance with the terms of the Company Permits. No Legal Proceeding is pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, which seeks to revoke, substantially limit, suspend or materially modify any Company Permit.
The rights and benefits of each Company Permit will be available to the Surviving EntityCorporation
or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, immediately after the Second Effective
Time on terms substantially identical to those enjoyed by the Company as of the date of this Agreement and immediately prior to the First
Effective Time.

(c)
There are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to an alleged violation by the Company
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), the Public Health Service Act (PHSA), FDA
regulations adopted thereunder, the Controlled Substances Act or any other similar Law promulgated by a Drug/Device Regulatory Agency.

(d)
The Company holds all required Governmental Authorizations issuable by any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency necessary for the conduct of
the business of the Company as currently conducted, and the development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale,
marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation, as currently conducted, of any of its products or product candidates
(the Company Product Candidates) (collectively, the Company Regulatory Permits) and no such
Company Regulatory Permit has been (i) revoked, withdrawn, suspended, cancelled or terminated or (ii) modified in any adverse manner,
other than immaterial adverse modifications. Section 3.14(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter identifies each
Company Regulatory Permit. The Company has timely maintained and is in compliance in all material respects with the Company Regulatory
Permits and has not received any written notice or correspondence or, to the Knowledge of the Company, other communication from any Drug/Device
Regulatory Agency regarding (A) any material violation of or failure to comply materially with any term or requirement of any Company
Regulatory Permit or (B) any revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or material modification of any Company Regulatory
Permit. The Company has made available to Parent all information requested by Parent in the Companys possession or control relating
to material Company Product Candidates and the development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale, marketing, advertising,
distribution and importation or exportation of the Company Product Candidates, including but not limited to complete copies of the following
(to the extent there are any): (x) adverse event reports; preclinical, clinical and other study reports and material study data; inspection
reports, notices of adverse findings, untitled letters, warning letters, filings and letters and other written correspondence to and
from any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency; and meeting minutes with any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency and (y) similar reports, material
study data, notices, letters, filings, correspondence and meeting minutes with any other Governmental Authority. All such information
is accurate and complete in all material respects.

35

(e)
All clinical, preclinical and other studies and tests conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, the Company, or in which the Company
or its current products or product candidates, including the Company Product Candidates, have participated, were, and, if still pending,
are being conducted in accordance in all material respects with standard medical and scientific research procedures, in accordance in
all material respects with the applicable protocols and in compliance in all material respects with the applicable regulations of the
Drug/Device Regulatory Agencies and other applicable Law, including 21 C.F.R. Parts 11, 50, 54, 56, 58, 312 and 812. The Company has
not received any written notices, correspondence or other communications from any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency, Governmental Authority,
institutional review board, ethics committee or safety monitoring committee requiring, or to the Knowledge of the Company threatening
to initiate, any action to place a clinical hold order on, or otherwise terminate, delay or suspend any clinical studies conducted by
or on behalf of, or sponsored by, the Company or in which the Company or its current products or product candidates, including the Company
Product Candidates, have participated. Further, no clinical investigator, researcher or clinical staff participating in any clinical
study conducted by or, to the Knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company has been disqualified from participating in studies
involving the Company Product Candidates, and to the Knowledge of the Company, no such administrative action to disqualify such clinical
investigators, researchers or clinical staff has been threatened or is pending.

(f)
The Company is not, and to the Knowledge of the Company, no contract manufacturer with respect to any Company Product Candidate, is the
subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened investigation in respect of its business or products, including
Company Product Candidates, by the FDA pursuant to its Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities
Final Policy set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments thereto or by any other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency
under a comparable policy. The Company has not, and to the Knowledge of the Company, no contract manufacturer, nor their respective officers,
employees or agents, with respect to any Company Product Candidate has committed any acts, made any statement or failed to make any statement,
in each case in respect of its business or products that would violate the FDAs Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts,
Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities Final Policy, and any amendments thereto or a comparable policy of any other Drug/Device Regulatory
Agency. None of the Company, and to the Knowledge of the Company, any contract manufacturer with respect to any Company Product Candidate,
or any of their respective officers, employees or agents is currently or has been debarred, convicted of any crime or is engaging or
has engaged in any conduct that could result in a debarment or exclusion under (i) 21 U.S.C. Section 335a or (ii) any similar applicable
Law. To the Knowledge of the Company, no debarment or exclusionary claims, actions, proceedings or investigations in respect of their
business or products are pending or threatened against the Company, and to the Knowledge of the Company, any contract manufacturer with
respect to any Company Product Candidate, or any of their respective officers, employees or agents.

(g)
All manufacturing operations conducted by, or to the Knowledge of the Company, for the benefit of the Company in connection with any
Company Product Candidate have been and are being conducted in compliance in all material respects with applicable Laws, including the
FDAs standards for current good manufacturing practices, including applicable requirements contained in 21 C.F.R. Parts 210, 211
and 600-610 and the respective counterparts thereof promulgated by Governmental Authorities in countries outside the United States.

(h)
Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any manufacturing site of a contract manufacturer or laboratory, with respect
to any Company Product Candidate, (i) is subject to a Drug/Device Regulatory Agency shutdown or import or export prohibition or (ii)
has received any Form FDA 483, notice of violation, warning letter, untitled letter or similar correspondence or notice from the FDA
or other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency alleging or asserting noncompliance with any applicable Law, in each case, that have not been
complied with or closed to the satisfaction of the relevant Drug/Device Regulatory Agency, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, neither
the FDA nor any other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency is considering such action.

36

3.15
Legal Proceedings; Orders.

(a)
There is no pending Legal Proceeding and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has threatened in writing to commence any Legal
Proceeding: (i) that involves the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Associate (in his or her capacity as such) or any
of the material assets owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) that challenges, or that may have the effect of
preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, the Contemplated Transactions.

(b)
There is no Order to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the material assets owned or used by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, is subject. To the Knowledge of the Company, no officer or Company Key Employee is subject to any Order that prohibits
such officer or Company Key Employee from engaging in or continuing in any conduct, activity or practice relating to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or any material assets owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.16
Tax Matters.

(a)
The Company has timely filed (or caused to be timely filed) all income Tax Returns and all other material Tax Returns required to be
filed by the Company under applicable Law (taking into account any applicable extensions). All such Tax Returns were true, correct and
complete in all material respects. Subject to exceptions as would not be material, no claim has been made by a Governmental Authority
in a jurisdiction where the Company does not file Tax Returns that the Company is subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(b)
All material amounts of Taxes due and owing by the Company (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid (taking into
account any applicable extensions).

(c)
The Company has withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid
in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or other third party.

(d)
There are no Encumbrances for a material amount of Taxes (other Encumbrances described in clause (a) of the definition of
Permitted Encumbrances) upon any of the assets of the Company.

(e)
No deficiencies for a material amount of Taxes with respect to the Company have been claimed, proposed or assessed by any Governmental
Authority in writing that have not been timely paid in full. There are no pending (or, based on written notice, threatened) material
audits, assessments, examinations or other actions for or relating to any liability in respect of Taxes of the Company. The Company has
not granted a waiver of any statute of limitations in respect of a material amount of Taxes or an extension of time with respect to a
material Tax assessment or deficiency that, in each case, is currently in effect.

37

(f)
The Company has not been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code in
the last five (5) years.

(g)
The Company is not a party to any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or similar agreement (including indemnity arrangements), other than customary
commercial Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business the primary purpose of which does not relate to Tax (an Ordinary
Course Agreement).

(h)
The Company has not been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return (other than a group the
common parent of which is the Company). The Company has no Liability for the Taxes of any Person under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6
(or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, or by Contract (other than an Ordinary Course
Agreement).

(i)
The Company has not distributed stock of another Person, or has had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction that was
purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 of the Code or Section 361 of the Code.

(j)
The Company has not entered into any transaction identified as a listed transaction for purposes of Treasury Regulations
Sections 1.6011-4(b)(2) or 301.6111-2(b)(2).

(k)
The Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances and has not taken or agreed to take any action, in each case, that would reasonably
be expected to prevent or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

3.17
Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans.

(a)
The Company has made available to Parent a list (on an anonymized basis) setting forth, for each Company Associate who is an employee
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether full- or part-time, such employees annual salary (or if hourly, hourly rate),
most recent annual bonus received, and current annual bonus opportunity. No Company Key Employee has indicated to the Company, or any
of its Subsidiaries, that he or she intends to resign or retire as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise.
The Company has made available to Parent a list (on an anonymized basis) setting forth, for each Company Associate who is an individual
independent contractor engaged by the Company, such contractors rate of compensation.

(b)
The employment of the Companys and each of its Subsidiaries employees is terminable by the Company and/or its applicable
Subsidiary at will. The Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of all employee manuals and handbooks, to the
extent currently effective and material.

(c)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by the terms of, and does not have a duty to bargain under, any
collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with a labor organization representing its employees, and there are no labor organizations
representing or, to the Knowledge of the Company, purporting to represent or seeking to represent any employees of the Company.

38

(d)
Section 3.17(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all Company Employee Plans (other than employment arrangements
which are terminable at will without any contractual obligation on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
make any severance, termination, change in control or similar payment and that are substantively identical to the employment arrangements
made available to Parent).

(e)
Each Company Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
or opinion letter with respect to such qualified status from the IRS. To the Knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred that would
reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any such Company Employee Plan or the exempt status of any related
trust.

(f)
Each Company Employee Plan has been established, maintained and operated in compliance, in all material respects, with its terms all
applicable Law, including, without limitation, the Code, ERISA and the Affordable Care Act. No Legal Proceeding (other than those relating
to routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any Company Employee Plan.
All payments and/or contributions required to have been made with respect to all Company Employee Plans either have been made or have
been accrued in accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Employee Plan and applicable Law.

(g)
Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to, or has, in the past six
(6) years, maintained, contributed to or been required to contribute to (i) any employee benefit plan that is or was subject
to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) any funded welfare benefit plan
within the meaning of Section 419 of the Code, (iv) any Multiple Employer Plan, or (v) any Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangement. Neither
the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has ever incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(h)
No Company Employee Plan provides for medical or other welfare benefits to any service provider beyond termination of service or retirement,
other than (1) pursuant to COBRA or an analogous state law requirement or (2) continuation coverage through the end of the month in which
such termination or retirement occurs. The Company does not sponsor or maintain any self-funded medical or long-term disability benefit
plan.

(i)
Each Company Employee Plan that constitutes in any part a nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as such term is defined
under Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code and the guidance thereunder) (each, a Company 409A Plan) has been operated
and maintained in all material respects in operational and documentary compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code
and the applicable guidance thereunder.

39

(j)
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been, in material compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws,
rules and regulations respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, worker classification, tax withholding,
prohibited discrimination, retaliation and harassment, equal employment, fair employment practices, meal and rest periods, immigration
status, employee and workplace safety and health, wages (including overtime wages), compensation, hours of work, plant closings
and mass layoffs within the meaning of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act of 1988 or similar state or local law (the
WARN Act), labor practices or disputes, restrictive covenants, employment agreements, workers compensation
and long-term disability policies, leaves of absence and worker privacy (collectively, Employment-Related Laws),
and in each case, with respect to employees of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries: (i) has withheld and reported all material
amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries and other payments to employees,
(ii) is not liable for any material amounts of arrears of wages, severance pay or any Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply
with any of the foregoing and (iii) is not liable for any material payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained
by or on behalf of any Governmental Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits
or obligations for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the Ordinary Course of Business). There are no material Legal
Proceedings, claims, labor disputes or organizing activities, or grievances pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened or
reasonably anticipated against or involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
relating to any employee, contingent worker, director, employment agreement or Employee Plan (other than routine claims for benefits)
or Employment-Related Laws. To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no material pending or threatened in writing or reasonably anticipated
claims or actions against the Company, any trustee or any trustee of any Subsidiary of the Company under any workers compensation
policy or long-term disability policy. The Company is not a party to a conciliation agreement, consent decree or other agreement or Order
with any federal, state or local agency or Governmental Authority with respect to employment practices.

(k)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material liability with respect to any misclassification within the last three
(3) years of: (i) any Person as an independent contractor rather than as an employee, (ii) any employee leased from another employer
or (iii) any employee currently or formerly classified as exempt from overtime wages.

(l)
To the Companys Knowledge, in the last three (3) years, there has never been, nor has there been any threat of, any material strike,
slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, job action, union, organizing activity, question concerning representation or any similar activity
or dispute, by or with respect to any Company Associates. No event has occurred within the past six months, and no condition or circumstance
exists, that, to the Companys Knowledge, might directly or indirectly be likely to give rise to or provide a basis for the commencement
of any such material strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, job action, union organizing activity, question concerning representation
or any similar activity or dispute.

(m)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, nor has the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries been, engaged in any material unfair
labor practice within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. There is no material Legal Proceeding, claim, labor dispute or
grievance pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened or reasonably anticipated relating to any employment contract, privacy
right, labor dispute, wages and hours, leave of absence, plant closing notification, workers compensation policy, long-term disability
policy, harassment, retaliation, immigration, employment statute or regulation, safety or discrimination matter involving any current
or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries including charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints.

(n)
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound
to compensate any of its employees or other service providers for any income or excise taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 or Section
409A of the Code.

(o)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contract that as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the stockholder approval of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, could (either alone or in conjunction
with any other event) result in, or cause the accelerated vesting, payment, funding or delivery of any payment or benefit to any employee,
officer, director or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

40

3.18
Environmental Matters. The Company has complied with all applicable Environmental Laws, which compliance includes the possession
by the Company of all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws and compliance with
the terms and conditions thereof, except for any failure to be in compliance that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result
in a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise),
whether from a Governmental Authority, citizens group, employee or otherwise, that alleges that the Company is not in compliance with
any Environmental Law and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with the Companys
compliance with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company: (i) no current or prior owner of any property leased or controlled by the Company
has received any written notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased at any time by the Company, whether from
a Governmental Authority, citizens group, employee or otherwise, that alleges that such current or prior owner or the Company is not
in compliance with or violated any Environmental Law relating to such property and (ii) the Company has no material liability under any
Environmental Law. The Company has made available all environmental site assessments, environmental audits and other material environmental
documents in the Companys possession or control relating to the Company, including the Companys business and current or
former facilities.

3.19
Insurance. The Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of all material insurance policies and all material
self-insurance programs and arrangements relating to the business, assets, liabilities and operations of the Company. Each of such insurance
policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the terms thereof. Other than customary
end of policy notifications from insurance carriers, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding any actual
or possible: (i) cancellation or invalidation of any insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights
or rejection of any material claim under any insurance policy. The Company has provided timely written notice to the appropriate insurance
carrier(s) of each Legal Proceeding pending against the Company, and no such carrier has issued a denial of coverage or a reservation
of rights with respect to any such Legal Proceeding, or informed the Company of its intent to do so.

3.20
No Financial Advisors. Except as set forth on Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment
banker is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee, opinion fee, success fee, transaction fee or other fee or commission in
connection with the Contemplated Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.

3.21
Transactions with Affiliates. Section 3.21 of the Company Disclosure Letter describes any material transactions or relationships
between, on one hand, the Company and, on the other hand, any (a) executive officer or director of the Company or any of such executive
officers or directors immediate family members, (b) owner of more than 5% of the voting power of the outstanding Company
Capital Stock or (c) to the Knowledge of the Company, any related person (within the meaning of Item 404 of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Act) of any such officer, director or owner (other than the Company) in the case of each of (a), (b) or (c)
that is of the type that would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

41

3.22
Privacy and Data Security. The Company is and has at all times been in compliance with all applicable Privacy Laws and the applicable
terms of any Company Contracts governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, or breach
notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology,
with respect to, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of, Personal Information
(including any such information of individuals, clinical trial participants, patients, patient family members, caregivers or advocates,
physicians and other health care professionals, clinical trial investigators, researchers, pharmacists that interact with the Company
in connection with the operation of the Companys business), except, in each case, for such noncompliance as has not had, and would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company,
the Company (i) has implemented and maintains reasonable written policies and procedures that materially comply with applicable Privacy
Laws and are designed to protect the privacy and security of Personal Information (the Privacy Policies) and (ii)
has complied with such Privacy Policies, except for such noncompliance as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Legal Proceeding has been asserted
or threatened against the Company by any Person alleging a violation of Privacy Laws, Privacy Policies, or the applicable terms of any
Company Contracts governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, or breach notification,
data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, with respect
to, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of, Personal Information. To the
Knowledge of the Company, there have been no data security incidents or data breaches or other adverse events or incidents that have
resulted in any unauthorized access to, or collection, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of, Personal Information or other
data in the possession or control of the Company or any service provider acting on behalf of the Company, in each case, where such incident,
breach or event resulted in a notification obligation to any Person under applicable Law or pursuant to the terms of any Company Contract.

3.23
Ownership of Parent Capital Stock. None of the Company or any of their directors, officers, or Affiliates or, to the knowledge
of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates, any employees of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates (a) has owned any
shares of Parents capital stock; or (b) has been an interested stockholder (as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL)
of Parent, in each case during the three years prior to the date hereof.

3.24
No Other Representations or Warranties. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties
contained in this Agreement, neither Parent nor any other person on behalf of Parent makes any express or implied representation or warranty
with respect to Parent or with respect to any other information provided to the Company, any of its stockholders or any of their respective
Affiliates in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, and (subject to the express representations and warranties of Parent set
forth in Section 4 (in each case as qualified and limited by the Parent Disclosure Letter)) none of the Company, or any of
its Representatives or stockholders, has relied on any such information (including the accuracy or completeness thereof).

42

Section
4. Representations and Warranties of Parent, First Merger and Second
Merger Sub.

Except
(i) as set forth in the written disclosure document delivered by Parent to the Company (the Parent Disclosure Letter)
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement or (ii) as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date
hereof and publicly available on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system (but (A) without giving effect
to any amendment thereof filed with, or furnished to the SEC on or after the date hereof and (B) excluding any disclosures contained
under the heading Risk Factors and any disclosure of risks included in any forward-looking statements disclaimer
or in any other section to the extent they are forward-looking statements or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), it
being understood that any matter disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents shall be deemed to be disclosed in a section of the Parent Disclosure
Letter only to the extent that is readily apparent from a reading of such Parent SEC Documents that is applicable to such section or
subsection of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent, First Merger Sub and SecondMerger Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

4.1
Due Organization; Subsidiaries.

(a)
Each of Parent, First Merger Sub and Second Merger
Sub is a corporation duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction
of its incorporation or formation, as applicable, and has all necessary corporate power
and authority: (i) to conduct its business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted, (ii) to own or lease and
use its property and assets in the manner in which its property and assets are currently owned or leased and used and (iii) to perform
its obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound. Since the date of its incorporation, Merger Subs
haveSub has not engaged in any activities other than
in connection with or as contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)
Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries is licensed and qualified to do business, and is in good standing (to the extent applicable in such
jurisdiction), under the Laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of its business in the manner in which its business is currently
being conducted requires such licensing or qualification other than in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified individually
or in the aggregate would not be reasonably expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(c)
Parent has no Subsidiaries other than Merger SubsSub
and except as set forth on Section 4.1(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent does not own any capital stock of, or
any equity ownership or profit sharing interest of any nature in, or control directly or indirectly, any other Entity other than Merger
SubsSub. Except
as set forth on Section 4.1(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent is not and has not otherwise been, directly or indirectly,
a party to, member of or participant in any partnership, joint venture or similar business entity. Parent has not agreed and is not obligated
to make, nor is Parent bound by any Contract under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution
to any other Entity. Parent has not, at any time, been a general partner of, and has not otherwise been liable for any of the debts or
other obligations of, any general partnership, limited partnership or other Entity.

4.2
Organizational Documents. Parent has delivered to the Company accurate and complete copies of Parents Organizational Documents.
Parent is not in breach or violation of its Organizational Documents in any material respect.

4.3
Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement. Each of Parent and
each Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into and to
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The Parent Board has: (a) determined that
the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders, (b) approved and declared
advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock to the stockholders
of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (c) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of Parent vote to approve the Contemplated Transactions, and, if deemed necessary
by Parent and the Company, the amendment to the certificate of incorporation of the Parent to (i) change the name of Parent to Cullgen
Inc., (ii) effect the Nasdaq Reverse Split, (iii) authorize the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635 and (iv) make such other changes as are mutually agreeable to Parent and the Company pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement. The First Merger Sub Board (by unanimous written consent) has: (x) determined
that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of First Merger
Sub and its sole stockholder, (y) deemed advisable and approved this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (z) determined to
recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholder of First
Merger Sub vote to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions.
The sole member of Second Merger Sub (by unanimous written consent) has: (A) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to,
advisable, and in the best interests of Second Merger Sub and the sole member; and (B) deemed advisable and approved this Agreement and
the Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger SubsSub
and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company and the accuracy of the representation in Section
3.23, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger SubsSub,
enforceable against each of Parent and Merger SubsSub
in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

43

4.4
Vote Required. Assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, the affirmative vote of a majority of
the shares of Parent Common Stock properly cast at the Parent Stockholder Meeting is the only vote of the holders of any class or series
of Parents capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions and clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) of the definition of Parent Charter Amendment (collectively, the Required Parent Stockholder Vote).

4.5
Non-Contravention; Consents.

(a)
Subject to obtaining the Required Parent Stockholder Vote, and the filing of the Certificate of Merger required by the DGCL or
DLLCA, and assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, neither (x) the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement by Parent or Merger SubsSub,
nor (y) the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, will directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

(i)
contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any of the provisions of the Organizational Documents of Parent or its Subsidiaries;

(ii)
contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of, or give any Governmental Authority or other Person the right to challenge
the Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any Law or any Order to which Parent or its Subsidiaries
or any of the assets owned or used by Parent or its Subsidiaries, is subject;

(iii)
contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of any of the terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Authority
the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any Governmental Authorization that is held by Parent or its Subsidiaries
or that otherwise relates to the business of Parent, or any of the assets owned, leased or used by Parent;

(iv)
contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or result in a default under, any provision of any Parent Material Contract,
or give any Person the right to: (A) declare a default or exercise any remedy under any Parent Material Contract, (B) any material payment,
rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule under any such Parent Material Contract, (C) accelerate the maturity or performance
of any Parent Material Contract or (D) cancel, terminate or modify any term of any Parent Material Contract, except in the case of any
nonmaterial breach, default, penalty or modification; or

(v)
result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or with respect to any asset owned or used by Parent or its Subsidiaries
(except for Permitted Encumbrances).

(b)
Except for (i) any Consent set forth on Section 4.5(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter under any Parent Contract,
(ii) the Required Parent Stockholder Vote, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware pursuant to the DGCL or DLLCA, (iv) compliance with any applicable requirements
of the HSR Act (if applicable) and (v) such consents, waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings
as may be required under applicable federal and state securities laws, and assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section
3.23, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries was, is or will be required to make any filing with or give any notice
to, or to obtain any Consent from, any Person in connection with (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or (y)
the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

44

(c)
Assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, the Parent Board and the First
Merger Sub Board have taken and will take all actions necessary to ensure that the restrictions applicable to business
combinations contained in Section 203 of the DGCL are, and will be, inapplicable to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and to the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. No other state takeover statute or similar Law applies or purports to apply
to the Merger, this Agreement or any of the other Contemplated Transactions.

4.6
Capitalization.

(a)
The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of (i) 200,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock of which 3,652,285 shares have been
issued and are outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (the Capitalization Date) and (ii) 500,000 shares of Parent
Preferred Stock, of which 6,746 have been designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. No shares of Parent Preferred Stock have been
issued and are outstanding as of the Capitalization Date. Parent does not hold any shares of its capital stock in its treasury.

(b)
All of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable
and are free of any Encumbrances other than Encumbrances set forth in the Organizational Documents or under applicable securities Laws.
None of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock is entitled or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right of
maintenance or any similar right and none of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock is subject to any right of first refusal in
favor of Parent. Except as contemplated herein, there is no Parent Contract relating to the voting or registration of, or restricting
any Person from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any option or similar right with respect to), any
shares of Parent Common Stock. Parent is not under any obligation, nor is Parent bound by any Contract pursuant to which it may become
obligated, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock or other securities. Section 4.6(b)
of the Parent Disclosure Letter accurately and completely describes all repurchase rights held by Parent with respect to shares of
Parent Common Stock (including shares issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options) and specifies which of those repurchase rights
are currently exercisable.

(c)
Except for the Parent 2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan, (each as may be amended from time to time, collectively,
the Parent Stock Plans) and except as set forth on Section 4.6(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter,
Parent does not have any stock option plan or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement providing for any equity-based compensation
for any Person. Parent does not have any employee stock purchase plan or similar program. Section 4.6(c) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter sets forth the following information with respect to each Parent Option and Parent Warrant outstanding as of the Capitalization
Date, as applicable: (i) the name of the holder, (ii) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such Parent Option or Parent
Warrant as of the Capitalization Date, (iii) the exercise price of such Parent Option or Parent Warrant, (iv) the date on which such
Parent Option or Parent Warrant was granted, (v) the applicable vesting schedule, including any acceleration provisions, (vi) the date
on which such Parent Option or Parent Warrant expires, (vii) whether such Parent Option is intended to be an incentive stock option
(as defined in the Code) or a nonqualified stock option and (viii) in the case of a Parent Option, the plan pursuant to which such Parent
Option was granted. Parent has made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of equity incentive plans pursuant to which
Parent has equity-based awards, the forms of all award agreements evidencing such equity-based awards and evidence of board and stockholder
approval of the Parent Stock Plans and any amendments thereto.

45

(d)
Except for the outstanding Parent Options, Parent Warrants or as set forth on Section 4.6(d) of the Parent Disclosure
Letter, there is no: (i) outstanding subscription, option, call, warrant or right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire any
shares of the capital stock or other securities of Parent, (ii) outstanding security, instrument or obligation that is or may become
convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of the capital stock or other securities of Parent, (iii) stockholder rights plan (or
similar plan commonly referred to as a poison pill) or Contract under which Parent is or may become obligated to sell or
otherwise issue any shares of its capital stock or any other securities or (iv) condition or circumstance that may give rise to or provide
a basis for the assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any shares of capital
stock or other securities of Parent. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or
other similar rights with respect to Parent.

(e)
All outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock, Parent Options, Parent Warrants and other securities of Parent have been issued and granted
in compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable Law and (ii) all requirements set
forth in applicable Contracts.

(f)
With respect to Parent Options granted pursuant to the Parent Stock Plans, (i) each grant of a Parent Option or Parent Restricted Stock
Unit was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Parent Option was by its terms to be effective (the Parent
Grant Date) by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the Parent Board (or a duly constituted
and authorized committee thereof) or duly authorized officer and any required stockholder approval by the necessary number of votes or
written consents, (ii) each Parent Option grant was made in accordance with the terms of the Parent Stock Plan pursuant to which it was
granted and all other applicable Law and regulatory rules or requirements, and (iii) the per share exercise price of each Parent Option
was not less than the fair market value of a share of Parent Common Stock on the applicable Parent Grant Date.

4.7
SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a)
Parent has filed or furnished, as applicable, on a timely basis all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required
to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act (the Parent SEC Documents).
As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date
of such filing), each of the Parent SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be) and as of the time they were filed, none of the Parent SEC Documents (excluding information
in such Parent SEC Documents that is furnished instead of filed under Items 2.02 or 7.01 in the Parents
Current Reports on Form 8-K) contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The certifications and statements required by (i) Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act and (ii) 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act) relating to the Parent SEC Documents (collectively, the Certifications) are accurate and complete
and comply as to form and content with all applicable Laws. As used in this Section 4.7, the term file
and variations thereof shall be broadly construed to include any manner in which a document or information is furnished, supplied or
otherwise made available to the SEC.

46

(b)
The financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents: (i) complied
as to form in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the published rules and regulations
of the SEC applicable thereto, (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial
statements or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial
statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that are not reasonably expected to
be material in amount) applied on a consistent basis unless otherwise noted therein throughout the periods indicated and (iii) fairly
present, in all material respects, the financial position of Parent as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows of Parent for the periods covered thereby. Other than as expressly disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed prior to
the date hereof, there has been no material change in Parents accounting methods or principles that would be required to be disclosed
in Parents financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The books of account and other financial records of Parent and each of
its Subsidiaries are true and complete in all material respects.

(c)
Parents auditor has at all times since the date of enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act been: (i) a registered public accounting
firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), (ii) to the Knowledge of Parent, independent with respect
to Parent within the meaning of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act and (iii) to the Knowledge of Parent, in compliance with subsections
(g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board thereunder.

(d)
Except as set forth on Section 4.7(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent has not received any comment letter
from the SEC or the staff thereof or any correspondence from Nasdaq or the staff thereof relating to the delisting or maintenance of
listing of the Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq. Parent has not disclosed any unresolved comments in the Parent SEC Documents.

(e)
There have been no formal internal investigations regarding financial reporting or accounting policies and practices discussed with,
reviewed by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer or general counsel of Parent, the Parent
Board or any committee thereof, other than ordinary course audits or reviews of accounting policies and practices or internal controls
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(f)
Parent is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Exchange Act and the applicable
listing and governance rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

(g)
Parent maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act)
that is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
(i) that Parent maintains records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect Parents transactions and dispositions
of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii)
that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with the authorization policy and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection
of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Parents assets that could have a material effect on Parents financial
statements. Parent has evaluated the effectiveness of Parents internal control over financial reporting and, to the extent required
by applicable Law, presented in any applicable Parent SEC Document that is a report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q (or any amendment thereto)
its conclusions about the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by such
report or amendment based on such evaluation. Parent has disclosed to Parents auditors and the Audit Committee of the Parent Board
(and made available to the Company a summary of the significant aspects of such disclosure) (A) all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect Parents
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in Parents or its Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting.
Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, Parents internal control over financial reporting
is effective at the reasonable assurance level and Parent has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of Parents
internal control over financial reporting.

47

(h)
Parents disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are
designed to ensure that all information (both financial and nonfinancial) required to be disclosed by Parent in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to Parents principal executive officer and principal
financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the Certifications and such disclosure
controls and procedures are effective. Parent has carried out evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures
as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act.

4.8
Absence of Changes. Except as set forth on Section 4.8 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, between December 31, 2023 and the
date of this Agreement, Parent has conducted its business only in the Ordinary Course of Business (except for the execution and performance
of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto) and there has not been any Parent Material Adverse
Effect.

4.9
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Since December 31, 2023, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any Liability of a
type required to be reflected or reserved for on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP except for: (a) Liabilities disclosed,
reflected or reserved against in the Parent Balance Sheet, (b) normal and recurring current Liabilities that have been incurred by Parent
or its Subsidiaries since the date of the Parent Balance Sheet in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of which relates to any breach
of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation of Law), (c) Liabilities for performance of obligations of Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries under Parent Contracts, (d) Liabilities incurred in connection with the Parent Legacy Business or the Contemplated
Transactions, (e) Liabilities described in Section 4.9 of the Parent Disclosure Letter and (f) those Liabilities that are not material
to Parent.

4.10
Title to Assets. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries owns, and has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased properties
and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all tangible properties or tangible assets and equipment used or held for use in its business
or operations or purported to be owned by it, including: (a) all tangible assets reflected on the Parent Balance Sheet and (b) all other
tangible assets reflected in the books and records of Parent as being owned by Parent. All of such assets are owned or, in the case of
leased assets, leased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

4.11
Real Property; Leasehold. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or has ever owned any real property, nor is Parent party
to any agreement to purchase or sell any real property. Parent has made available to the Company (a) an accurate and complete list of
all real properties with respect to which Parent directly or indirectly holds a valid leasehold interest as well as any other real estate
that is in the possession of or leased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and (b) copies of all leases under which any such real property
is possessed (the Parent Real Estate Leases), each of which is in full force and effect, with no existing material
default thereunder by Parent or its Subsidiaries or, to Parents Knowledge, the other party thereto.

48

4.12
Intellectual Property.

(a)
Section 4.12(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter is an accurate, true and complete listing of all Parent Registered
IP.

(b)
Section 4.12(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter accurately identifies (i) all Parent Contracts pursuant to which any
Parent IP Rights are licensed to Parent (other than (A) any non-customized software that (1) is so licensed solely in executable or object
code form pursuant to a nonexclusive, internal use software license and other Intellectual Property associated with such software and
(2) is not incorporated into, or material to the development, manufacturing, or distribution of, any of Parent products or services,
(B) any Intellectual Property licensed on a nonexclusive basis ancillary to the purchase or use of services, equipment, reagents or other
materials, (C) any confidential information provided under confidentiality agreements and (D) agreements between Parent and its employees
in Parents standard form thereof) and (ii) whether the license or licenses granted to Parent are exclusive or nonexclusive.

(c)
Section 4.12(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter accurately identifies each Parent Contract pursuant to which any Person
has been granted any license or covenant not to sue under, or otherwise has received or acquired any right (whether or not currently
exercisable) or interest in, any Parent IP Rights (other than (i) any confidential information provided under confidentiality agreements
and (ii) any Parent IP Rights nonexclusively licensed to academic collaborators, suppliers or service providers for the sole purpose
of enabling such academic collaborator, supplier or service providers to provide services for Parents benefit).

(d)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is bound by, and no Parent IP Rights are subject to, any Contract containing any covenant
or other provision that in any way limits or restricts the ability of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to use, exploit, assert, or enforce
any Parent IP Rights anywhere in the world.

(e)
Parent or one of its Subsidiaries exclusively owns all right, title, and interest to and in the Parent IP Rights (other than (i) Parent
IP Rights licensed to Parent, or co-owned rights each as identified in Section 4.12(e) of the Parent Disclosure Letter,
(ii) any non-customized software that (A) is licensed to Parent solely in executable or object code form pursuant to a nonexclusive,
internal use software license and other Intellectual Property associated with such software and (B) is not incorporated into, or material
to the development, manufacturing or distribution of, any of Parent or its Subsidiaries products or services and (iii) any Intellectual
Property licensed on a nonexclusive basis ancillary to the purchase or use of equipment, reagents or other materials), in each case,
free and clear of any Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(i)
All documents and instruments necessary to register or apply for or renew registration of Parent Registered IP have been validly executed,
delivered, and filed in a timely manner with the appropriate Governmental Authority.

(ii)
Each Person who is or was an employee or contractor of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and who is or was involved in the creation or
development of any Intellectual Property for Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has signed a valid, enforceable agreement containing a
present assignment of such Intellectual Property to Parent or such Subsidiary and confidentiality provisions protecting trade secrets
and confidential information of Parent and its Subsidiaries.

(iii)
To the Knowledge of Parent, no current or former stockholder, officer, director or employee of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has
any claim, right (whether currently exercisable, or exercisable in the future), or interest to or in any Parent IP Rights purported to
be owned by Parent. To the Knowledge of Parent, no employee of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is (a) bound by or otherwise subject
to any Contract restricting him or her from performing his or her duties for Parent or such Subsidiary or (b) in breach of any Contract
with any former employer or other Person concerning Parent IP Rights purported to be owned by Parent or such Subsidiary or confidentiality
provisions protecting trade secrets and confidential information comprising Parent IP Rights purported to be owned by Parent or such
Subsidiary.

49

(iv)
No funding, facilities or personnel of any Governmental Authority were used, directly or indirectly, to develop or create, in whole or
in part, any Parent IP Rights in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest.

(v)
Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has taken reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of and otherwise protect and enforce its
rights in all proprietary information that Parent or such Subsidiary holds, or purports to hold, as confidential or a trade secret.

(vi)
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has not assigned or otherwise transferred ownership of, or agreed to assign or otherwise transfer ownership
of, any Parent IP Rights to any other Person.

(f)
Parent has delivered, or made available to the Company, a complete and accurate copy of all material Parent IP Rights Agreements.

(g)
The manufacture, marketing, offering for sale, sale, importation, use or intended use or other disposal of any product as currently sold
or under development by Parent does not violate any license or agreement between Parent or its Subsidiaries and any third party in any
material respect, and, to the Knowledge of Parent, does not infringe or misappropriate any valid and issued Patent right or other Intellectual
Property of any other Person, which infringement or misappropriation would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
To the Knowledge of Parent, no third party is infringing upon any Patents owned by Parent within the Parent IP Rights, or violating any
Parent IP Rights Agreement.

(h)
As of the date of this Agreement, Parent is not a party to any Legal Proceeding (including, but not limited to, opposition, interference
or other proceeding in any patent or other government office) contesting the validity, ownership or right to use, sell, offer for sale,
license or dispose of any Parent IP Rights. Parent has not received any written notice asserting that any Parent Registered IP or the
proposed use, sale, offer for sale, license or disposition of any products, methods or processes claimed or covered thereunder infringes
or misappropriates or violates the rights of any other Person or that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries have otherwise infringed, misappropriated
or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property of any Person.

(i)
To the Knowledge of Parent, no trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by Parent conflicts
or interferes with any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by any other Person except
as would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. None of the goodwill associated with or inherent in any trademark (whether registered
or unregistered) in which Parent has or purports to have an ownership interest has been impaired as determined by Parent in accordance
with GAAP.

(j)
Except as may be set forth in the Contracts listed on Section 4.12(b), 4.12(c) or 4.12(k)
of the Parent Disclosure Letter or as contained in off-the-shelf license agreements entered into in the Ordinary Course
of Business by Parent, (i) Parent is not bound by any Contract to indemnify, defend, hold harmless or reimburse any other Person with
respect to any Intellectual Property infringement, misappropriation or similar claim which is material to Parent taken as a whole and
(ii) Parent has never assumed, or agreed to discharge or otherwise take responsibility for, any existing or potential liability of another
Person for infringement, misappropriation or violation of any Intellectual Property right, which assumption, agreement or responsibility
remains in force as of the date of this Agreement.

50

(k)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any Contract that, as a result of such execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement, will cause the grant of any license or other right to any Parent IP Rights, result in breach of, default under or termination
of such Contract with respect to any Parent IP Rights, or impair the right of Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation
and its Subsidiaries to use, sell or license or enforce any Parent IP Rights or portion thereof, except for the occurrence of
any such grant or impairment that would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.

4.13
Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.

(a)
Section 4.13 of the Parent Disclosure Letter identifies each Parent Contract that is in effect as of the date of this
Agreement (each, an Parent Material Contract and collectively, the Parent Material Contracts):

(i)
each Parent Contract relating to any material bonus, deferred compensation, severance, incentive compensation, pension, profit-sharing
or retirement plans, or any other employee benefit plans or arrangements;

(ii)
each Parent Contract requiring payments by Parent after the date of this Agreement in excess of $100,000 pursuant to its express terms
relating to the employment of, or the performance of employment-related services by, any Parent Associate providing employment related,
consulting or independent contractor services, not terminable by Parent on thirty (30) calendar days or less notice without liability;

(iii)
each Parent Contract relating to any agreement or plan, including any option plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan,
any of the benefits of which will be increased or the vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the
Contemplated Transactions (either alone or in conjunction with any other event, such as termination of employment), or the value of any
of the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the Contemplated Transactions;

(iv)
each Parent Contract relating to any agreement of indemnification or guaranty not entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(v)
each Parent Contract containing (A) any covenant limiting the freedom of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any line of business
or compete with any Person, or limiting the development, manufacture or distribution of the Parents products or services (B) any
most-favored pricing arrangement, (C) any exclusivity provision or (D) any non-solicitation provision;

(vi)
each Parent Contract (A) pursuant to which any Person granted Parent an exclusive license under any Intellectual Property, or (B) pursuant
to which Parent granted any Person an exclusive license under any Parent IP Rights;

(vii)
each Parent Contract containing any royalty, dividend or similar arrangement based on the revenues or profits of Parent, any of its Subsidiaries,
or of a product;

(viii)
each Parent Contract relating to capital expenditures and requiring payments after the date of this Agreement in excess of $100,000 pursuant
to its express terms and not cancelable without penalty;

51

(ix)
each Parent Contract relating to the disposition or acquisition of material assets or any ownership interest in any Entity, in each case,
involving payments in excess of $100,000 after the date of this Agreement;

(x)
each Parent Contract entered into in settlement of any Legal Proceeding or other dispute pursuant to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
has outstanding obligations to pay consideration in excess of $100,000;

(xi)
each Parent Contract relating to any mortgages, indentures, loans, notes or credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements
or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit in excess of $100,000 or creating any material Encumbrances
with respect to any assets of Parent or any loans or debt obligations with officers or directors of Parent;

(xii)
each Parent Contract requiring payment by or to Parent after the date of this Agreement in excess of $100,000 pursuant to its express
terms relating to: (A) any distribution agreement (identifying any that contain exclusivity provisions), (B) any agreement involving
provision of services or products with respect to any pre-clinical or clinical development activities of Parent, (C) any dealer, distributor,
joint marketing, alliance, joint venture, cooperation, development or other agreement currently in force under which Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries has continuing obligations to develop or market any product, technology or service, or any agreement pursuant to which
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has continuing obligations to develop any Intellectual Property that will not be owned, in whole or
in part, by Parent or such Subsidiary or (D) any Contract to license any patent, trademark registration, service mark registration, trade
name or copyright registration to or from any third party to manufacture or produce any product, service or technology of Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries or any Contract to sell, distribute or commercialize any products or service of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries,
in each case, except for Parent Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(xiii)
each Parent Contract with any Person, including any financial advisor, broker, finder, investment banker or other Person, providing advisory
services to Parent in connection with the Contemplated Transactions and requiring payments by Parent after the date in this Agreement
in excess of $100,000 pursuant to its express terms;

(xiv)
each Parent Contract to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of their assets and properties is currently
bound (other than Parent Real Estate Leases), which involves annual obligations of payment by, or annual payments to, Parent or such
Subsidiary in excess of $100,000;

(xv)
any Parent Real Estate Lease;

(xvi)
a Contract disclosed in or required to be disclosed in Section 4.12(b) or Section 4.12(c)
of the Parent Disclosure Letter; or

(xvii)
any other Parent Contract (other than Parent Real Estate Leases) that is not terminable at will (with no penalty or payment) by Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries, and (A) which involves payment or receipt by Parent or such Subsidiary after the date of this Agreement under
any such agreement, contract or commitment of more than $100,000 in the aggregate, or obligations after the date of this Agreement in
excess of $100,000 in the aggregate or (B) that is material to the business or operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

52

(b)
Parent has delivered or made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of all Parent Material Contracts, including all amendments
thereto. There are no Parent Material Contracts that are not in written form. Parent has not nor, to Parents Knowledge as of the
date of this Agreement, has any other party to a Parent Material Contract, breached, violated or defaulted under, or received notice
that it breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions of any Parent Material Contract in such a manner, and,
if such Parent Material Contract provides for a cure period, Parent or such other party fails to have cured such breach, violation or
default, so that any other party or Parent, as the case may be, is permitted to modify, cancel or terminate any such Parent Material
Contract, or would permit any other party to seek damages which would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
As to Parent and its Subsidiaries, as of the date of this Agreement, each Parent Material Contract is valid, binding, enforceable and
in full force and effect, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. No Person is renegotiating, or has a right pursuant to the terms
of any Parent Material Contract to change, any material amount paid or payable to Parent under any Parent Material Contract or any other
material term or provision of any Parent Material Contract.

4.14
Compliance; Permits; Restrictions.

(a)
Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is, and since January 1, 2023, has been in material compliance with all applicable Laws. No investigation,
claim, suit, proceeding, audit, Order or other action by any Governmental Authority is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened
against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. There is no agreement or Order binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which (i) has
or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, any acquisition of material property by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, (ii) is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on Parents ability to comply with
or perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement or (iii) is reasonably likely to have the effect of preventing, delaying,
making illegal or otherwise interfering with the Contemplated Transactions.

(b)
Except for matters regarding the FDA or other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency, each of Parent and its Subsidiaries holds all required Governmental
Authorizations that are material to the operation of the business of Parent and Merger SubsSub
as currently conducted (collectively, the Parent Permits). Section 4.14(b) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter identifies each Parent Permit. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with the terms of the
Parent Permits. No Legal Proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened, which seeks to revoke, substantially limit,
suspend or materially modify any Parent Permit. The rights and benefits of each Parent Permit, if any, will be available to Parent and
Surviving EntityCorporation
immediately after the Second Effective Time on terms substantially identical
to those enjoyed by Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement and immediately prior to the First
Effective Time.

(c)
There are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened with respect to an alleged violation by Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries of the FDCA, PHSA, FDA regulations adopted thereunder, the Controlled Substances Act or any other similar Law promulgated
by a Drug/Device Regulatory Agency.

53

(d)
Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries holds all required Governmental Authorizations issuable by any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency necessary
for the conduct of the business of Parent and Merger SubsSub
as currently conducted, and, as applicable, the development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage, labeling, sale, marketing,
advertising, distribution and importation or exportation, as currently conducted, of any of its product candidates (the Parent
Product Candidates) (the Parent Regulatory Permits) and no such Parent Regulatory Permit has been (i)
revoked, withdrawn, suspended, cancelled or terminated or (ii) modified in any adverse manner other than immaterial adverse modifications.
Section 4.14(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter identifies each Parent Regulatory Permit. Parent has timely maintained and
is in compliance in all material respects with the Parent Regulatory Permits and neither Parent nor or any of its Subsidiaries has, since
January 1, 2023, received any written notice or correspondence or, to the Knowledge of Parent, other communication from any Drug/Device
Regulatory Agency regarding (A) any material violation of or failure to comply materially with any term or requirement of any Parent
Regulatory Permit or (B) any revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or material modification of any Parent Regulatory
Permit. Parent has made available to the Company all information requested by the Company in Parents or its Subsidiaries
possession or control relating to material Parent Product Candidates and the development, testing, manufacturing, processing, storage,
labeling, sale, marketing, advertising, distribution and importation or exportation of the Parent Product Candidates, including, but
not limited to, complete copies of the following (to the extent there are any): (x) adverse event reports; pre-clinical, clinical and
other study reports and material study data; inspection reports, notices of adverse findings, untitled letters, warning letters, filings
and letters and other written correspondence to and from any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency; and meeting minutes with any Drug/Device
Regulatory Agency and (y) similar reports, material study data, notices, letters, filings, correspondence and meeting minutes with any
other Governmental Authority. All such information are accurate and complete in all material respects.

(e)
All clinical, pre-clinical and other studies and tests conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, Parent or its Subsidiaries, in
which Parent or its Subsidiaries or their respective product candidates, including the Parent Product Candidates, have participated were,
since January 1, 2023, and, if still pending, are being conducted in accordance in all material respects with standard medical and scientific
research procedures, and in compliance in all material respects with the applicable regulations of the Drug/Device Regulatory Agencies
and other applicable Law, including 21 C.F.R. Parts 11, 50, 54, 56, 58, 312 and 812. Since January 1, 2023, neither Parent nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received any written notices, correspondence, or other communications from any Drug/Device Regulatory Agency requiring
or, to the Knowledge of Parent, any action to place a clinical hold order on, or otherwise terminate, delay or suspend any clinical studies
conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or its
current product candidates, including the Parent Product Candidates, have participated. Further, no clinical investigator, researcher
or clinical staff participating in any clinical study conducted by or, to the Knowledge of Parent, on behalf of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries has been disqualified from participating in studies involving the Parent Product Candidates, and to the Knowledge of Parent,
no such administrative action to disqualify such clinical investigators, researchers or clinical staff has been threatened or is pending.

(f)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of Parent, any contract manufacturer with respect to any Parent Product
Candidate is the subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened investigation in respect of its business or products
by the FDA pursuant to its Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities Final Policy set
forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments thereto or by any other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency under a comparable
policy. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of Parent, any contract manufacturer, nor their respective officers,
employees or agents, with respect to any Parent Product Candidate has committed any acts, made any statement or failed to make any statement,
in each case in respect of its business or products that would violate FDAs Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts,
Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities Final Policy, and any amendments thereto. None of Parent, any of its Subsidiaries, and to the
Knowledge of Parent, any contract manufacturer with respect to any Parent Product Candidate, or any of their respective officers, employees
or agents is currently or has been debarred, convicted of any crime or is engaging or has engaged in any conduct that could result in
a material debarment or exclusion under (i) 21 U.S.C. Section 335a or (ii) any similar applicable Law. To the Knowledge of Parent, no
material debarment or exclusionary claims, actions, proceedings or investigations in respect of their business or products are pending
or threatened against Parent, any of its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of the Parent, any contract manufacturer with respect to
any Parent Product Candidate, or any of its officers, employees or agents.

54

(g)
All manufacturing operations conducted by, or to the Knowledge of Parent, for the benefit of, Parent or its Subsidiaries in connection
with any Parent Product Candidate, since January 1, 2023, have been and are being conducted in compliance in all material respects with
applicable Laws, including the FDAs standards for current good manufacturing practices, including applicable requirements contained
in 21 C.F.R. Parts 210 and 211, and the respective counterparts thereof promulgated by Governmental Authorities in countries outside
the United States.

(h)
None of Parent, any of its Subsidiaries, and to the Knowledge of Parent, any manufacturing site of a contract manufacturer or laboratory,
with respect to any Parent Product Candidate, (i) is subject to a Drug/Device Regulatory Agency shutdown or import or export prohibition
or (ii) has received any Form FDA 483, notice of violation, warning letter, untitled letter or similar correspondence or notice from
the FDA or other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency alleging or asserting noncompliance with any applicable Law, in each case, that have not
been complied with or closed to the satisfaction of the relevant Drug/Device Regulatory Agency, and, to the Knowledge of Parent, neither
the FDA nor any other Drug/Device Regulatory Agency is considering such action.

4.15
Legal Proceedings; Orders.

(a)
There is no pending Legal Proceeding and, to the Knowledge of Parent, no Person has threatened in writing to commence any Legal Proceeding:
(i) that involves Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Associate (in his or her capacity as such) or any of the material assets
owned or used by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) that challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making
illegal or otherwise interfering with, the Contemplated Transactions.

(b)
There is no Order to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the material assets owned or used by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
is subject. To the Knowledge of Parent, no officer or other Parent Key Employee or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any Order that
prohibits such officer or employee from engaging in or continuing in any conduct, activity or practice relating to the business of Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries or any material assets owned or used by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.16
Tax Matters.

(a)
Each of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed (or caused to be timely filed) all income Tax Returns and all other material
Tax Returns required to be filed by it under applicable Law (taking into account any applicable extensions). All such Tax Returns were
true, correct and complete in all material respects. Subject to exceptions as would not be material, no claim has been made by a Governmental
Authority in a jurisdiction where Parent or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
is subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(b)
All material amounts of Taxes due and owing by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely
paid (taking into account any applicable extensions).

(c)
Each of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority all material Taxes required
to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder
or other third party.

55

(d)
There are no Encumbrances for a material amount of Taxes (other Encumbrances described in clause (a) of the definition of Permitted
Encumbrances) upon any of the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e)
No deficiencies for a material amount of Taxes with respect to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries have been claimed, proposed or assessed
by any Governmental Authority in writing that have not been timely paid in full. There are no pending (or, based on written notice, threatened)
material audits, assessments, examinations or other actions for or relating to any liability in respect of Taxes of Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted a waiver of any statute of limitations in respect of a material
amount of Taxes or an extension of time with respect to a material Tax assessment or deficiency that, in each case, is currently in effect.

(f)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or similar agreement (including indemnity arrangements),
other than Ordinary Course Agreements.

(g)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return
(other than a group the common parent of which is Parent). Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material Liability for
the Taxes of any Person (other than Parent or its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision
of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, or by Contract (other than an Ordinary Course Agreement).

(h)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has distributed stock of another Person, or has had its stock distributed by another Person,
in a transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 of the Code or Section 361 of the Code.

(i)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any transaction identified as a listed transaction for purposes
of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.6011-4(b)(2) or 301.6111-2(b)(2).

(j)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances or has taken or agreed to take any action, in each
case, that would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

4.17
Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans.

(a)
The Parent has made available to Company a list setting forth, for each Parent Associate who is an employee of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries,
such employees name, employer, title, hire date, location, whether full- or part-time, whether active or on leave (and, if on
leave, the expected return), whether exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act and applicable state law, annual salary (or if hourly,
hourly rate), most recent annual bonus received and current annual bonus opportunity. The Parent has made available to Company a list
setting forth, for each Parent Associate who is an individual independent contractor engaged by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, such
contractors name, duties and rate of compensation.

(b)
The employment of Parents employees is terminable by Parent at will. Parent has made available to the Company accurate and complete
copies of all employee manuals and handbooks, to the extent currently effective and material.

56

(c)
Parent is not a party to, bound by the terms of, and does not have a duty to bargain under, any collective bargaining agreement or other
Contract with a labor organization representing any of its employees, and there are no labor organizations representing or, to the Knowledge
of Parent, purporting to represent or seeking to represent any employees of Parent.

(d)
Section 4.17(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter lists all Parent Employee Plans (other than employment arrangements
which are terminable at will without any contractual obligation on the part of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to make
any severance, termination, change in control or similar payment and that are substantively identical to the employment arrangements
made available to the Company).

(e)
Each Parent Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination or
opinion letter with respect to such qualified status from the IRS. To the Knowledge of Parent, nothing has occurred that would reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any such Parent Employee Plan or the exempt status of any related trust.

(f)
Each Parent Employee Plan has been established, maintained and operated in compliance, in all material respects, with its terms all applicable
Law, including, without limitation, the Code, ERISA and the Affordable Care Act. No Legal Proceeding (other than those relating to routine
claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing with respect to any Parent Employee Plan. All payments
and/or contributions required to have been made with respect to all Parent Employee Plans either have been made or have been accrued
in accordance with the terms of the applicable Parent Employee Plan and applicable Law.

(g)
Neither Parent nor any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to, or has, in the past six (6)
years, maintained, contributed to or been required to contribute to (i) any employee benefit plan that is or was subject
to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) any funded welfare benefit plan within
the meaning of Section 419 of the Code, (iv) any Multiple Employer Plan, or (v) any Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangement. Neither Parent
nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has ever incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(h)
No Parent Employee Plan provides for medical or other welfare benefits to any service provider beyond termination of service or retirement,
other than (1) pursuant to COBRA or an analogous state law requirement or (2) continuation coverage through the end of the month in which
such termination or retirement occurs. Parent does not sponsor or maintain any self-funded medical or long-term disability benefit plan.

(i)
No Parent Employee Plan is subject to any law of a foreign jurisdiction outside of the United States.

(j)
Each Parent Employee Plan that constitutes in any part a nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as such term is defined
under Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code and the guidance thereunder) (each, a Parent 409A Plan) has been operated and
maintained in all material respects in operational and documentary compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the
applicable guidance thereunder. No payment to be made under any Parent 409A Plan is or, when made in accordance with the terms of the
Parent 409A Plan, will be subject to the penalties of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code.

57

(k)
Parent is in material compliance with all Employment-Related Laws and in each case, with respect to the employees of Parent: (i) has
withheld and reported all material amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries
and other payments to employees, (ii) is not liable for any material amounts of arrears of wages, severance pay or any Taxes or any penalty
for failure to comply with any of the foregoing and (iii) is not liable for any material payment to any trust or other fund governed
by or maintained by or on behalf of any Governmental Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or
other benefits or obligations for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the Ordinary Course of Business). There are no
material Legal Proceedings, claims, labor disputes or organizing activities, or grievances pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened
or reasonably anticipated against or involving Parent or any trustee of Parent relating to any employee, contingent worker, director,
employment agreement or Parent Employee Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) or Employment-Related Laws. To the Knowledge of
Parent, there are no material pending or threatened or reasonably anticipated claims or actions against Parent, any Parent trustee or
any trustee of any Subsidiary of Parent under any workers compensation policy or long-term disability policy. Parent is not a
party to a conciliation agreement, consent decree or other agreement or Order with any federal, state or local agency or Governmental
Authority with respect to employment practices.

(l)
Parent has no material liability with respect to any misclassification within the past three (3) years of: (i) any Person as an independent
contractor rather than as an employee, (ii) any employee leased from another employer or (iii) any employee currently or formerly classified
as exempt from overtime wages. Parent has not taken any action which would constitute a plant closing or mass layoff
within the meaning of the WARN Act, issued any notification of a plant closing or mass layoff required by the WARN Act (nor has Parent
been under any requirement or obligation to issue any such notification), or incurred any liability or obligation under the WARN Act
that remains unsatisfied.

(m)
To the Knowledge of Parent, there has never been, nor has there been any threat of, any strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, job
action, union, organizing activity, question concerning representation or any similar activity or dispute, with respect to any Parent
Associate. No event has occurred within the past six months, and no condition or circumstance exists, that, to the Knowledge of Parent,
might directly or indirectly be likely to give rise to or provide a basis for the commencement of any such strike, slowdown, work stoppage,
lockout, job action, union organizing activity, question concerning representation or any similar activity or dispute.

(n)
Parent is not, nor has Parent been, engaged in any material unfair labor practice within the meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act. There is no material Legal Proceeding, claim, labor dispute or grievance pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened or reasonably
anticipated relating to any employment contract, privacy right, labor dispute, wages and hours, leave of absence, plant closing notification,
workers compensation policy, long-term disability policy, harassment, retaliation, immigration, employment statute or regulation,
safety or discrimination matter involving any current or former employee of Parent, including charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination
complaints.

(o)
There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound to
compensate any of its employees or other service providers for any income or excise taxes paid pursuant to the Code, including, but not
limited to, Section 4999 or Section 409A of the Code.

(p)
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contract that as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the stockholder approval of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, could (either alone or in conjunction
with any other event) (i) result in the payment of any parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code
or (ii) result in, or cause the accelerated vesting, payment, funding or delivery of, or increase the amount or value of, any payment
or benefit to any employee, officer, director or other service provider of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

58

4.18
Environmental Matters. Since January 1, 2023, Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Environmental
Laws, which compliance includes the possession by Parent of all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable
Environmental Laws and compliance with the terms and conditions thereof, except for any failure to be in compliance that, individually
or in the aggregate, would not result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received since
January 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), whether from a Governmental Authority, citizens
group, employee or otherwise, that alleges that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any Environmental Law, and,
to the Knowledge of Parent, there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with Parents or any of its Subsidiaries
compliance with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent: (i) no current or prior owner of any property leased or controlled by Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries has received since January 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased
at any time by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, whether from a Governmental Authority, citizens group, employee or otherwise, that
alleges that such current or prior owner or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with or violated any Environmental
Law relating to such property and (ii) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material liability under any Environmental
Law. Parent has made available all environmental site assessments, environmental audits and other material environmental documents in
the Parents possession or control relating to the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including the Parents and its Subsidiaries
business and current or former facilities.

4.19
Insurance. Parent has delivered to the Company accurate and complete copies of all material insurance policies and all material
self-insurance programs and arrangements relating to the business, assets, liabilities and operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries
(including Merger SubsSub).
Each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect and Parent and its Subsidiaries (including Merger SubsSub)
are in compliance in all material respects with the terms thereof. Other than customary end of policy notifications from insurance carriers,
since January 1, 2023, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice or other communication regarding any actual
or possible: (i) cancellation or invalidation of any insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights
or rejection of any material claim under any insurance policy. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries (including Merger SubsSub)
has provided timely written notice to the appropriate insurance carrier(s) of each Legal Proceeding pending against Parent or such Subsidiary
for which Parent or such Subsidiary has insurance coverage, and no such carrier has issued a denial of coverage or a reservation of rights
with respect to any such Legal Proceeding, or informed Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of its intent to do so.

4.20
Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth in the Parent SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement, since
the date of Parents last proxy statement filed with the SEC, no event has occurred that would be required to be reported by Parent
pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. Section 4.20 of the Parent Disclosure Letter identifies each
Person who is (or who may be deemed to be) an Affiliate of Parent as of the date of this Agreement.

4.21
No Financial Advisors. Except as set forth on Section 4.21 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment
banker is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee, opinion fee, success fee, transaction fee or other fee or commission in
connection with the Contemplated Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent.

59

4.22
Valid Issuance. The Parent Capital Stock to be issued in the Merger will, when issued in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement, be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

4.23
Privacy and Data Security. Parent and its Subsidiaries are and since January 1, 2023, have been in compliance with all applicable
Privacy Laws and the applicable terms of any Parent Contracts governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow,
data loss, data theft, or breach notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages,
cookies or other tracking technology, with respect to, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer,
or other processing of, Personal Information (including any such information of individuals, clinical trial participants, patients, patient
family members, caregivers or advocates, physicians and other health care professionals, clinical trial investigators, researchers, pharmacists
that interact with Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the operation of Parents and its Subsidiaries business),
except, in each case, for such noncompliance as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Parent Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent (i) has implemented and maintains reasonable Privacy Policies that
materially comply with applicable Privacy Laws and are designed to protect the privacy and security of Personal Information and (ii)
has complied with such Privacy Policies, except for such noncompliance as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent, no Legal Proceeding has been asserted
or threatened against Parent by any Person alleging a violation of Privacy Laws, Privacy Policies, or the applicable terms of any Parent
Contracts governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, or breach notification, data
localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, with respect to,
or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of, Personal Information. To the Knowledge
of Parent, there have been no data security incidents or data breaches, or other adverse events or incidents that have resulted in any
unauthorized access to, or collection, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of, Personal Information or other data in the possession
or control of Parent or any service provider acting on behalf of Parent, in each case, where such incident, breach, or event has resulted
in a notification obligation to any Person under applicable Law or pursuant to the terms of any Parent Contract.

4.24
No Other Representations or Warranties. Parent hereby acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties
contained in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any other person on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries
makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or with respect to any other
information provided to Parent, Merger SubsSub
or stockholders or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, and (subject to the express
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3 (in each case as qualified and limited by the Company
Disclosure Letter)) none of Parent, Merger SubsSub
nor any of their respective Representatives or stockholders, has relied on any such information (including the accuracy or completeness
thereof).

Section
5. Certain Covenants of the Parties.

5.1
Operation of Parents Business.

(a)
Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.1(a) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) unless the Company shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing
until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10 and the First
Effective Time (the Pre-Closing Period), Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use
commercially reasonable efforts to (x) conduct its business and operations in the Ordinary Course of Business and in material compliance
with all applicable Law and the requirements of all Contracts that constitute Parent Material Contracts and (y) continue to pay material
outstanding accounts payable and other material current Liabilities (including payroll) when due and payable.

60

(b)
Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.1(b) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) with the prior written consent of the Company (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), at all times during the Pre-Closing Period, Parent shall not, nor shall it cause or
permit any of Subsidiaries to, do any of the following:

(i)
declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect of any shares of its capital stock or repurchase,
redeem or otherwise reacquire any shares of its capital stock or other securities, (except for shares of Parent Common Stock from terminated
employees, directors or consultants of Parent);

(ii)
except as required to give effect to anything in contemplation of the Closing, amend any of its Organizational Documents, or effect or
be a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split,
reverse stock split or similar transaction except, for the avoidance of doubt, the Contemplated Transactions;

(iii)
sell, issue, grant, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber or authorize the issuance of: (A) any capital stock or other security
(except for Parent Common Stock issued upon the valid exercise or settlement of outstanding Parent Options or Parent Restricted Stock
Units, as applicable), (B) any option, warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or any other security or (C) any instrument convertible
into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security;

(iv)
form any Subsidiary or acquire any equity interest or other interest in any other Entity or enter into a joint venture with any other
Entity;

(v)
(A) lend money to any Person, (B) incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money, (C) guarantee any debt securities of others
or (D) make any capital expenditure or commitment in excess of $25,000;

(vi)
(A) adopt, establish or enter into any Parent Employee Plan, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any equity awards plans, (B) cause
or permit any Parent Employee Plan to be amended other than as required by law or in order to make amendments for the purposes of compliance
with Section 409A of the Code, (C) pay any bonus or make any profit-sharing or similar payment to (except with respect to obligations
in place on the date of this Agreement pursuant to any Parent Employee Plan disclosed to the Company), or increase the amount of the
wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any of its directors, officers, employees
or consultants, (D) increase the severance or change of control benefits offered to any current or new employees, directors or consultants,
or (E) hire any officer, employee or consultant;

(vii)
acquire any material asset or sell, lease, license or otherwise irrevocably dispose of any of its assets or properties, or grant any
Encumbrance with respect to such assets or properties;

(viii)
sell, assign, transfer, license, sublicense or otherwise dispose of any material Parent IP Rights (other than pursuant to non-exclusive
licenses in the Ordinary Course of Business);

61

(ix)
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business: (A) make, change or revoke any material Tax election; (B) file any amended income or other
material Tax Return; (C) adopt or change any material accounting method in respect of Taxes; (D) enter into any material Tax closing
agreement, settle any material Tax claim or assessment; (E) consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to
or relating to any material Tax claim or assessment; or (F) surrender any material claim for refund;

(x)
waive, settle or compromise any pending or threatened Legal Proceeding against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, other than waivers,
settlements or agreements (A) for an amount not in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate (excluding amounts to be paid under existing insurance
policies or renewals thereof) and (B) that do not impose any material restrictions on the operations or businesses of Parent or its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or any equitable relief on, or the admission of wrongdoing by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries;

(xi)
delay or fail to repay when due any material obligation, including accounts payable and accrued expenses;

(xii)
forgive any loans to any Person, including its employees, officers, directors or Affiliate;

(xiii)
terminate or modify in any material respect, or fail to exercise renewal rights with respect to, any material insurance policy;

(xiv)
except in the Ordinary Course of Business (A) materially change pricing or royalties or other payments set or charged by Parent or any
of Subsidiaries to its customers or licensees or (B) agree to materially change pricing or royalties or other payments set or charged
by Persons who have licensed Intellectual Property to Parent or any of Subsidiaries;

(xv)
enter into, amend in a manner adverse to Parent or terminate any Parent Material Contract outside of the Ordinary Course of Business;
or

(xvi)
agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.

Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall give the Company, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of Parent prior
to the First Effective Time. Prior to the First Effective
Time, Parent shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete unilateral control and supervision
over its business operations.

(c)
Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary (including the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.1), Parent
may:

(i)
engage in the sale, license, transfer, disposition, divestiture or other monetization transaction (i.e., a royalty transaction) or winding
down of the Parent Legacy Business (including terminating its Parent Real Estate Leases and other Parent Contracts) or the sale, license,
transfer, disposition, divestiture or other monetization transaction (i.e., a royalty transaction) or other disposition of any Parent
Legacy Business (each, a Parent Legacy Transaction); provided, however, that to the extent any Parent
Legacy Transaction results in material obligations of Parent that will extend beyond Closing, such terms shall be reasonably acceptable
to the Company and any such post-Closing obligations shall be a reduction to Parent Net Cash, provided, further, to the
extent a Parent Legacy Transaction involves contingent value rights or other similar rights to be paid to the stockholders of Parent
arranged prior to the Closing, such contingent value rights shall not create any post-Closing obligations and shall be managed by a third
party on a prepaid basis; and

62

(ii)
declare and pay a dividend on the shares of Parent Common Stock outstanding prior to the First Effective
Time (excluding for the avoidance of doubt any shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Contemplated Transactions), up
to an amount equal in the aggregate to Parents reasonable, good faith approximation (the Closing Parent Net Cash)
of the amount by which Parent Net Cash will exceed $2,500,000 (such dividend, the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend and
such amount, the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend Amount), provided, however, that if the Closing Parent
Net Cash is greater than $7,000,000, the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend Amount shall not exceed (x) $4,500,000 plus (y) an
amount equal to (A) 0.5 multiplied by (B) the Closing Parent Net Cash in excess of $7,000,000.

5.2
Operation of the Companys Business.

(a)
Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.2(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) unless Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), during the Pre-Closing Period the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries
to, use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its business and operations in the Ordinary Course of Business and in material compliance
with all applicable Law and the requirements of all Contracts that constitute Company Material Contracts.

(b)
Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.2(b) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) with the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned), at all times during the Pre-Closing Period, the Company shall not, nor shall it cause or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, do any of the following:

(i)
declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect of any shares of its capital stock; or repurchase,
redeem or otherwise reacquire any shares of Company Capital Stock or other securities (except for shares of Company Common Stock from
terminated employees, directors or consultants of the Company);

(ii)
except as required to give effect to anything in contemplation of the Closing, amend any of its or its Subsidiaries Organizational
Documents, or effect or be a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, reclassification
of shares, stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction except, for the avoidance of doubt, the Contemplated Transactions;

(iii)
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, sell, issue grant, or authorize any of the foregoing actions with respect to more than
25% of the shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (A) any capital stock or other security of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except for shares of outstanding Company Common Stock issued upon the valid exercise of Company Options),
(B) any option, warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or any other security or (C) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable
for any capital stock or other security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(iv)
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business, acquire any equity interest or other interest in any other Entity or enter into a joint
venture with any other Entity;

63

(v)
(A) lend money to any Person, (B) incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money, or (C) guarantee any debt securities of others;

(vi)
acquire any material asset or sell, lease, license or otherwise irrevocably dispose of any of its assets or properties, or grant any
Encumbrance with respect to such assets or properties, except in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(vii)
sell, assign, transfer, license, sublicense or otherwise dispose of any material Company IP Rights (other than pursuant to non-exclusive
licenses in the Ordinary Course of Business);

(viii)
waive, settle or compromise any pending or threatened Legal Proceeding against the Company, other than waivers, settlements or agreements
(A) for an amount not in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate (excluding amounts to be paid under existing insurance policies or renewals
thereof) and (B) that do not impose any material restrictions on the operations or businesses of the Company or any equitable relief
on, or the admission of wrongdoing by the Company;

(ix)
enter into, amend in a manner adverse to the Company or terminate any Company Material Contract outside of the Ordinary Course of Business;
or

(x)
agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.

Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall give Parent, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of the Company prior
to the First Effective Time. Prior to the First Effective
Time, the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete unilateral control and supervision
over its business operations.

5.3
Access and Investigation.

(a)
Subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, which the Parties agree will continue in full force following the date of this
Agreement, during the Pre-Closing Period, upon reasonable notice, Parent, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall
and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Partys Representatives to: (a) provide the other Party and such other
Partys Representatives with reasonable access during normal business hours to such Partys Representatives, personnel, property
and assets and to all existing books, records, Tax Returns, work papers and other documents and information relating to such Party and
its Subsidiaries, (b) provide the other Party and such other Partys Representatives with such copies of the existing books, records,
Tax Returns, work papers, product data, and other documents and information relating to such Party and its Subsidiaries, and with such
additional financial, operating and other data and information regarding such Party and its Subsidiaries as the other Party may reasonably
request, (c) permit the other Partys officers and other employees to meet, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours,
with the chief financial officer and other officers and managers of such Party responsible for such Partys financial statements
and the internal controls of such Party to discuss such matters as the other Party may deem necessary, and (d) make available to the
other Party copies of any material notice, report or other document filed with or sent to or received from any Governmental Authority
in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. Any investigation conducted by either Parent or the Company pursuant to this Section
5.3 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of the other
Party.

64

(b)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this Section 5.3, no access or examination contemplated by this Section
5.3 shall be permitted to the extent that it would require any Party or its Subsidiaries to waive the attorney-client privilege
or attorney work product privilege, or violate any applicable Law; provided, that such Party or its Subsidiary (i) shall be entitled
to withhold only such information that may not be provided without causing such violation or waiver, (ii) shall provide to the other
Party all related information that may be provided without causing such violation or waiver (including, to the extent permitted, redacted
versions of any such information) and (iii) shall enter into such effective and appropriate joint-defense agreements or other protective
arrangements as may be reasonably requested by the other Party in order that all such information may be provided to the other Party
without causing such violation or waiver.

5.4
No Solicitation.

(a)
Each of Parent and the Company agrees that, during the Pre-Closing Period, neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, nor shall it
or any of its Subsidiaries authorize or permit any of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly
encourage, induce or facilitate the communication, making, submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry,
(ii) furnish any non-public information regarding such Party to any Person in connection with or in response to an Acquisition Proposal
or Acquisition Inquiry, (iii) engage in discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition
Inquiry, (iv) execute or enter into any letter of intent or any Contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction
or (v) publicly propose to do any of the foregoing; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything contained in this
Section 5.4 and subject to compliance with this Section 5.4, prior to the approval of this Agreement by a Partys
stockholders (i.e., the Required Company Stockholder Vote, in the case of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or the Required Parent Stockholder
Vote in the case of Parent), such Party may furnish non-public information regarding such Party and its Subsidiaries to, and enter into
discussions or negotiations with, any Person in response to a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal by such Person which such Partys
board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with such Partys financial advisors and outside legal counsel,
constitutes, or is reasonably likely to result in, a Superior Offer (and is not withdrawn) if: (A) such Acquisition Proposal was not
obtained or made as a direct or indirect result of a breach of this Agreement, (B) the board of directors of such Party concludes in
good faith based on the advice of outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent
with the board of directors fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (C) at least two (2) Business Days prior to initially furnishing
any such nonpublic information to, or entering into discussions with, such Person, such Party gives the other Party written notice of
the identity of such Person and of such Partys intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions with,
such Person, (D) such Party receives from such Person an executed Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement and (E) at least two (2) Business
Days prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to such Person, such Party furnishes such nonpublic information to the other
Party (to the extent such information has not been previously furnished by such Party to the other Party). Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each Party acknowledges and agrees that, in the event any Representative of such Party takes any action that, if taken
by such Party, would constitute a breach of this Section 5.4 by such Party, the taking of such action by such Representative
shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Section 5.4 by such Party for purposes of this Agreement.

(b)
If any Party or any Representative of such Party receives an Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry at any time during the Pre-Closing
Period, then such Party shall promptly (and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after such Party becomes aware of such Acquisition
Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry) advise the other Party in writing of such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry (including the
identity of the Person making or submitting such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, and the terms thereof). Such Party shall
keep the other Party reasonably informed with respect to the status and terms of any such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry
and any material modification or material proposed modification thereto.

65

(c)
Each Party shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions, negotiations and communications with any Person
that relate to any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry as of the date of this Agreement and request the destruction or return
of any nonpublic information provided to such Person.

5.5
Notification of Certain Matters. During the Pre-Closing Period, each of the Company, on the one hand, and Parent, on the other
hand, shall promptly notify the other (and, if in writing, furnish copies of) if any of the following occurs: (a) any notice or other
communication is received from any Person alleging that the Consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with any of the
Contemplated Transactions, (b) any Legal Proceeding against or involving or otherwise affecting such Party or its Subsidiaries is commenced,
or, to the Knowledge of such Party, threatened against such Party or, to the Knowledge of such Party, any director or officer of such
Party, (c) such Party becomes aware of any inaccuracy in any representation or warranty made by such Party in this Agreement or (d) the
failure of such Party to comply with any covenant or obligation of such Party; in each case that could reasonably be expected to make
the timely satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in Section 7, Section 8 or Section 9,
as applicable, impossible or materially less likely. No such notice shall be deemed to supplement or amend the Company Disclosure Letter
or the Parent Disclosure Letter for the purpose of (x) determining the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties made by
the Company in this Agreement or (y) determining whether any condition set forth in Section 7, Section 8 or Section
9 has been satisfied. Any failure by either Party to provide notice pursuant to this Section 5.5 shall not be deemed
to be a breach for purposes of Section 8.2 or Section 9.2, as applicable, unless such failure to provide such
notice was knowing and intentional.

Section
6. Additional Agreements of the Parties.

6.1
Registration Statement, Proxy Statement.

(a)
As promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, Parent, in cooperation with the Company, shall prepare and file
with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (including a prospectus) (the Form S-4), in which a proxy statement
relating to the Parent Stockholder Meeting to be held in connection with the Merger (together with any amendments thereof or supplements
thereto, the Proxy Statement) shall be included as a part (the Proxy Statement and the Form S-4, collectively, the
Registration Statement), in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Parent Common
Stock to be issued by virtue of the Contemplated Transactions, other than any shares of Parent Capital Stock which are not permitted
to be registered on Form S-4 pursuant to applicable Law. Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause the Registration
Statement to comply with applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, (ii) cause the Registration Statement to become effective
as promptly as practicable, and (iii) respond promptly to any comments or requests of the SEC or its staff related to the Registration
Statement. Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions required under any applicable federal, state, securities
and other Laws in connection with the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock pursuant to the Contemplated Transactions. Each of the
Parties shall reasonably cooperate with the other Party and furnish all information concerning itself and its Affiliates, as applicable,
to the other Parties that is required by law to be included in the Registration Statement as the other Parties may reasonably request
in connection with such actions and the preparation of the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement.

66

(b)
Parent covenants and agrees that the Registration Statement (and the letter to stockholders, notice of meeting and form of proxy included
therewith) will (i) comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of applicable U.S. federal securities laws and the
DGCL and DLLCA, and (ii) will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company covenants and agrees that the information supplied by or on
behalf of the Company to Parent for inclusion in the Registration Statement (including the Company Financials) will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make such information,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Party makes any covenant,
representation or warranty with respect to statements made in the Registration Statement (and the letter to stockholders, notice of meeting
and form of proxy included therewith), if any, based on information provided by the other Party or any of its Representatives regarding
such other Party or its Affiliates for inclusion therein.

(c)
Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to Parents stockholders as promptly
as practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act. If at any time before the First
Effective Time, (i) Parent, Merger SubsSub
or the Company (A) become aware of any event or information that, pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, should be
disclosed in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Proxy Statement, (B) receives notice of any SEC request for
an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or for additional information related thereto, or (C) receives SEC comments
on the Registration Statement, or (ii) the information provided in the Registration Statement has become stale (financial
or otherwise) and new information should be disclosed in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, as the case may be,
then such Party, as the case may be, shall promptly inform the other Parties thereof and shall cooperate with such other Parties in Parent
filing such amendment or supplement with the SEC (and, if appropriate, in mailing such amendment or supplement to the Parent stockholders)
or otherwise addressing such SEC request or comments and each Party and shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause any
such amendment to become effective, if required. Parent shall promptly notify the Company if it becomes aware (1) that the Registration
Statement has become effective, (2) of the issuance of any stop order or suspension of the qualification or registration of the Parent
Capital Stock issuable in connection with the Contemplated Transactions for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or (3) any order of
the SEC related to the Registration Statement, and shall promptly provide to the Company copies of all written correspondence between
it or any of its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or staff of the SEC, on the other hand, with respect to the Registration
Statement and all orders of the SEC relating to the Registration Statement.

(d)
The Company shall reasonably cooperate with Parent and provide, and cause its Representatives to provide, Parent and its Representatives,
with all true, correct and complete information regarding the Company that is required by Law to be included in the Registration Statement
or reasonably requested by Parent to be included in the Registration Statement (collectively, the Company Required S-4 Information).
Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to Parent a consent letter
of the Companys independent accounting firm, dated no more than two (2) Business Days before the date on which the Registration
Statement is filed with the SEC (and reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent), that is customary in scope and substance
for consent letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection with registration statements similar to the Registration
Statement. The Company and its legal counsel shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Registration Statement,
including all amendments and supplements thereto, prior to the filing thereof with the SEC, and on the response to any comments of the
SEC on the Registration Statement, prior to the filing thereof with the SEC. Parent may file the Registration Statement, or any amendment
or supplement thereto, without the prior consent of the Company, provided that Parent has included the Company Required S-4 Information
in the Registration Statement in substantially the same form as it was provided to Parent by the Company pursuant to this Section
6.1; provided, further, that if the prior consent of the Company is not obtained then, notwithstanding anything
else herein, the Company makes no covenant or representation regarding the portion of such information supplied by or on behalf of the
Company to Parent for inclusion in such Registration Statement that the Company reasonably identifies prior to such filing of the Registration
Statement.

67

(e)
As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish
to Parent (i) audited financial statements for each of its fiscal years required to be included in the Registration Statement, or an
audited period balance sheet, as applicable (the Company Audited Financial Statements) and (ii) unaudited interim
financial statements for each interim period completed prior to Closing that would be required to be included in the Registration Statement
or any periodic report due prior to the Closing if the Company were subject to the periodic reporting requirements under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act (the Company Interim Financial Statements). Each of the Company Audited Financial Statements
and the Company Interim Financial Statements will be suitable for inclusion in the Registration Statement and prepared in accordance
with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except in each case as described in the notes thereto) and on
that basis will present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and the results of operations, changes in stockholders
equity and cash flows of the Company as of the dates of and for the periods referred to in the Company Audited Financial Statements or
the Company Interim Financial Statements, as the case may be.

6.2
Company Stockholder Written Consent

.

(a)
Promptly after the Registration Statement has been declared effective under the Securities Act, and in any event no later than two (2)
Business Days thereafter, the Company shall obtain the approval by written consent from Company stockholders sufficient for the Required
Company Stockholder Vote in lieu of a meeting pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, for purposes of (i) adopting and approving this Agreement
and the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) acknowledging that the approval given thereby is irrevocable and that such stockholder is aware
of its rights to demand appraisal for its shares pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, and that such stockholder has received and read
a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL and (iii) acknowledging that by its approval of the Merger it is not entitled to appraisal rights with
respect to its shares in connection with the Merger and thereby waives any rights to receive payment of the fair value of its capital
stock under the DGCL (the Company Stockholder Written Consents). Under no circumstances shall the Company assert
that any other approval or consent is necessary by its stockholders to approve this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions.

(b)
Reasonably promptly following receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Vote, and in any event no later than ten (10) days thereafter,
the Company shall prepare and mail a notice (the Stockholder Notice) to every stockholder of the Company that did
not execute the Company Stockholder Written Consent. The Stockholder Notice shall (i) be a statement to the effect that the Company Board
determined that the Merger is advisable in accordance with Section 251(b) of the DGCL and in the best interests of the stockholders of
the Company and approved and adopted this Agreement, the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions, (ii) provide the stockholders
of the Company to whom it is sent with notice of the actions taken in the Company Stockholder Written Consent, including the adoption
and approval of this Agreement, the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions in accordance with Section 228(e) of the DGCL and
the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company and (iii) include a description of the appraisal rights of the Companys
stockholders available under the DGCL, along with such other information as is required thereunder and pursuant to applicable Law. All
materials (including any amendments thereto) submitted to the stockholders of the Company in accordance with this Section 6.2(b)
shall be subject to Parents advance review and reasonable approval.

68

(c)
The Company agrees that, subject to Section 6.2(d): (i) the Company Board shall recommend that the Companys stockholders
vote to adopt and approve this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit such
approval within the time set forth in Section 6.2(a) (the recommendation of the Company Board that the Companys stockholders
vote to adopt and approve this Agreement being referred to as the Company Board Recommendation) and (ii) the Company
Board Recommendation shall not be withdrawn or modified (and the Company Board shall not publicly propose to withdraw or modify the Company
Board Recommendation) in a manner adverse to Parent, and no resolution by the Company Board or any committee thereof to withdraw or modify
the Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent or to adopt, approve or recommend (or publicly propose to adopt, approve
or recommend) any Acquisition Proposal shall be adopted or proposed.

(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 6.2(c), and subject to compliance with Section 5.4
and Section 6.2, if at any time prior to approval and adoption of this Agreement by the Required Company Stockholder
Vote, (i) the Company receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that the Company Board determines, following consultation with
its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, to be a Superior Offer, or (ii) as a result of a material development or change in circumstances
(other than any such event, development or change to the extent related to (A) any Acquisition Proposal, Acquisition Inquiry, Acquisition
Transaction or the consequences thereof or (B) the fact, in and of itself, that the Company meets or exceeds internal budgets, plans
or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations) that affects the business, assets or
operations of the Company that occurs or arises after the date of this Agreement (a Company Intervening Event),
the Company Board may withhold, amend, withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation (or publicly propose to withhold, amend, withdraw
or modify the Company Board Recommendation) in a manner adverse to Parent (collectively, a Company Board Adverse Recommendation
Change) if, but only if, (x) in the case of a Superior Offer, following the receipt of and on account of such Superior Offer,
(i) the Company Board determines in good faith, based on the advice of its outside legal counsel, that the failure to withhold, amend,
withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable
Law, (ii) the Company has, during the Notice Period (as defined below), negotiated with Parent in good faith to make such adjustments
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that such Acquisition Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior Offer and (iii) if, Parent
has delivered to the Company a written offer to alter the terms or conditions of this Agreement during the Notice Period, the Company
Board shall have determined in good faith, based on the advice of its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the failure to
withhold, amend, withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary
duties under applicable Law (after taking into account such alterations of the terms and conditions of this Agreement); provided
that (1) Parent receives written notice from the Company confirming that the Company Board has determined to change its recommendation
at least four (4) Business Days in advance of the Company Board Adverse Recommendation Change (the Notice Period),
which notice shall include a description in reasonable detail of the reasons for such Company Board Adverse Recommendation Change, and
written copies of any relevant proposed transaction agreements with any party making a potential Superior Offer, (2) during any Notice
Period, Parent shall be entitled to deliver to the Company one or more counterproposals to such Acquisition Proposal and the Company
will, and cause its Representatives to, negotiate with Parent in good faith (to the extent Parent desires to negotiate) to make such
adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that the applicable Acquisition Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior
Offer and (3) in the event of any material amendment to any Superior Offer (including any revision in the amount, form or mix of consideration
the Companys stockholders would receive as a result of such potential Superior Offer), the Company shall be required to provide
Parent with notice of such material amendment and the Notice Period shall be extended, if applicable, to ensure that at least three (3)
Business Days remain in the Notice Period following such notification during which the parties shall comply again with the requirements
of this Section 6.2(d) and the Company Board shall not make a Company Board Adverse Recommendation Change prior to the end
of such Notice Period as so extended (it being understood that there may be multiple extensions) or (y) in the case of a Company Intervening
Event, the Company promptly notifies Parent, in writing, within the Notice Period before making a Company Board Adverse Recommendation
Change, which notice shall state expressly the material facts and circumstances related to the applicable Company Intervening Event and
that the Company Board intends to make a Company Board Adverse Recommendation Change.

69

(e)
The Companys obligation to solicit the consent of its stockholders to sign the Company Stockholder Written Consent in accordance
with Section 6.2(a) shall not be limited or otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission
of any Superior Offer or other Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, or by any Company Board Adverse Recommendation Change.

6.3
Parent Stockholder Meeting.

(a)
Parent shall take all action necessary under applicable Law to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of the holders of Parent Common
Stock to consider and vote to approve this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions and the Parent Charter Amendment
and, if deemed necessary by Parent the approval of the Parent Legacy Transaction (collectively, the Parent Stockholder Matters
and such meeting, the Parent Stockholder Meeting). The Parent Stockholder Meeting shall be held as promptly as practicable
after the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, and in any event, no later than 45 days
after the effective date of the Registration Statement. Parent shall take reasonable measures to ensure that all proxies solicited in
connection with the Parent Stockholder Meeting are solicited in compliance with all applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, if on the date of the Parent Stockholder Meeting, or a date preceding the date on which the Parent Stockholder Meeting
is scheduled, Parent reasonably believes that (i) it will not receive proxies sufficient to obtain the Required Parent Stockholder Vote,
whether or not a quorum would be present, (ii) it will not have sufficient shares of Parent Common Stock represented (whether in person
or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the Parent Stockholder Meeting or (iii) that the failure to
postpone or adjourn the Parent Stockholder Meeting would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations under
applicable Law, Parent may postpone or adjourn, or make one or more successive postponements or adjournments of, the Parent Stockholder
Meeting as long as the date of the Parent Stockholder Meeting is not postponed or adjourned more than an aggregate of 30 days in connection
with any postponements or adjournments.

(b)
Parent agrees that (i) the Parent Board shall recommend that the holders of Parent Common Stock vote to approve the Parent Stockholder
Matters and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit such approval within the timeframe set forth in Section 6.3(a)
above and (ii) the Proxy Statement shall include a statement to the effect that the Parent Board recommends that Parents stockholders
vote to approve the Parent Stockholder Matters (the recommendation of the Parent Board being referred to as the Parent Board
Recommendation).

70

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 6.3(b), and subject to compliance with Section 5.4
and Section 6.3, if at any time prior to approval and adoption of this Agreement by the Required Parent Stockholder Vote,
(i) Parent receives a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that the Parent Board determines, following consultation with its outside
legal counsel and financial advisor, to be a Superior Offer, the Parent Board may withhold, amend, withdraw or modify the Parent Board
Recommendation (or publicly propose to withhold, amend, withdraw or modify the Parent Board Recommendation) in a manner adverse to the
Company or (ii) as a result of a material development or change in circumstances (other than any such event, development or change to
the extent related to (A) any Acquisition Proposal, Acquisition Inquiry, Acquisition Transaction or the consequences thereof, (B) the
fact, in and of itself, that Parent meets or exceeds internal budgets, plans or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial
performance or results of operations or (C) any Parent Legacy Transaction) that affects the business, assets or operations of Parent
that occurs or arises after the date of this Agreement (a Parent Intervening Event), (collectively, a Parent
Board Adverse Recommendation Change) if, but only if, (x) in the case of a Superior Offer, following the receipt of and on
account of such Superior Offer, (i) the Parent Board determines in good faith, based on the advice of its outside legal counsel, that
the failure to withhold, amend, withdraw or modify the Parent Board Recommendation would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with
its fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (ii) Parent has, and has caused its financial advisors and outside legal counsel to, during
the Parent Notice Period (as defined below), negotiated with the Company in good faith to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement so that such Acquisition Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior Offer, and (iii) if, after the Company has delivered
to Parent a written offer to alter the terms or conditions of this Agreement during the Parent Notice Period, the Parent Board shall
have determined in good faith, based on the advice of its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the failure to withhold,
amend, withdraw or modify the Parent Board Recommendation would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under
applicable Law (after taking into account such alterations of the terms and conditions of this Agreement); provided that (1) the
Company receives written notice from Parent confirming that the Parent Board has determined to change its recommendation at least four
(4) Business Days in advance of the Parent Board Adverse Recommendation Change (the Parent Notice Period), which
notice shall include a description in reasonable detail of the reasons for such Parent Board Adverse Recommendation Change, and written
copies of any relevant proposed transaction agreements with any party making a potential Superior Offer, (2) during any Parent Notice
Period, the Company shall be entitled to deliver to Parent one or more counterproposals to such Acquisition Proposal and Parent will,
and cause its Representatives to, negotiate with the Company in good faith (to the extent the Company desires to negotiate) to make such
adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that the applicable Acquisition Proposal ceases to constitute a Superior
Offer and (3) in the event of any material amendment to any Superior Offer (including any revision in the amount, form or mix of consideration
the Parents stockholders would receive as a result of such potential Superior Offer), Parent shall be required to provide the
Company with notice of such material amendment and the Parent Notice Period shall be extended, if applicable, to ensure that at least
three (3) Business Days remain in the Parent Notice Period following such notification during which the parties shall comply again with
the requirements of this Section 6.3(c) and the Parent Board shall not make a Parent Board Adverse Recommendation Change
prior to the end of such Parent Notice Period as so extended (it being understood that there may be multiple extensions) or (y) in the
case of a Parent Intervening Event, Parent promptly notifies the Company, in writing, within the Parent Notice Period before making a
Parent Board Adverse Recommendation Change, which notice shall state expressly the material facts and circumstances related to the applicable
Parent Intervening Event and that the Parent Board intends to make a Parent Board Adverse Recommendation Change.

(d)
Parents obligation to call, give notice of and hold the Parent Stockholder Meeting in accordance with Section 6.3(a)
shall not be limited or otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission of any Superior Offer, Acquisition
Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, or by any Parent Board Adverse Recommendation Change.

71

(e)
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit Parent or the Parent Board from (i) complying with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) promulgated
under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that any disclosure made by Parent or the Parent Board pursuant to Rules 14d-9
and 14e-2(a) shall be limited to a statement that Parent is unable to take a position with respect to the bidders tender offer
unless the Parent Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that such statement would reasonably
be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law; (ii) complying with Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A promulgated
under the Exchange Act; (iii) informing any Person of the existence of the provisions contained in Section 5.4; or (iv) making
any disclosure to the stockholders of Parent that the Parent Board (or a committee thereof), after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, has determined in good faith is required by applicable Law.

6.4
Efforts; Regulatory Approvals.

(a)
The Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
each Party: (i) shall make all filings and other submissions (if any) and give all notices (if any) required to be made and given by
such Party in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain each Consent (if
any) reasonably required to be obtained (pursuant to any applicable Law or Contract, or otherwise) by such Party in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions or for such Contract to remain in full force and effect, (iii) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
lift any injunction prohibiting, or any other legal bar to, the Contemplated Transactions and (iv) shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to satisfy the conditions precedent to the consummation of this Agreement.

(b)
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file or otherwise submit, as
soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement, all applications, notices, reports and other documents reasonably required to be
filed by such Party with or otherwise submitted by such Party to any Governmental Authority with respect to the Contemplated Transactions,
and to submit promptly any additional information requested by any such Governmental Authority. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Parties shall prepare and file, if required, (a) the notification and report forms required to be filed under the HartScottRodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and (b) any notification or other document required to be filed in connection with the Merger under
any applicable foreign Law relating to antitrust or competition matters, no later than ten (10) Business Days after the date the Company
and Parent receive notification (in writing or otherwise) from the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Justice, any state attorney
general, foreign antitrust or competition authority or other Governmental Authority that a filing is required in connection with antitrust
or competition matters.

(c)
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Parent shall give the Company prompt written notice (email being sufficient) of any
litigation against Parent and/or its directors relating to this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions (Transaction Litigation)
(including by providing copies of all pleadings with respect thereto) and keep the Company reasonably informed with respect to the status
thereof. Parent will (i) give the Company the opportunity to participate in, but not control, the defense, settlement or prosecution
of any Transaction Litigation (to the extent that the attorney-client privilege is not undermined or otherwise adversely affected; provided
that Parent and the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to find alternative solutions to not undermine or adversely
effect the privilege such as entering into common interest agreements, joint defense agreements or similar agreements), (ii) consult
with the Company with respect to the defense, settlement and prosecution of any Transaction Litigation and (iii) consider in good faith
the Companys advice with respect to such Transaction Litigation. Parent will obtain the prior written consent of the Company (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) prior to settling or satisfying any such claim.

72

6.5
Company Options. At the First Effective Time, Parent shall assume each Company
Stock Plan and each Company Option, whether vested or unvested, that is outstanding immediately prior to the First
Effective Time shall, at the First Effective Time, cease to represent
a right to acquire shares of Company Common Stock and shall be converted, at the First Effective
Time, into an option to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock (an Assumed Option), on the same terms and conditions
(including any vesting provisions and any provisions providing for accelerated vesting upon certain events) as were applicable under
such Company Option as of immediately prior to the First Effective Time, except for
administrative or ministerial changes as determined by the Company Board (or, following the First Effective
Time, the Parent Board or compensation committee). The number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to each such Assumed Option shall
be equal to (i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the respective Company Option immediately prior to the First
Effective Time multiplied by (ii) the Exchange Ratio, rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of Parent
Common Stock, and such Assumed Option shall have an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the
exercise price per share of the Company Common Stock otherwise purchasable pursuant to the respective Company Option immediately prior
to the First Effective Time divided by (B) the Exchange Ratio; provided, that
in the case of any Company Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies as of immediately prior to the First
Effective Time (taking into account the effect of any accelerated vesting thereof, if applicable) by reason of its qualification
under Section 422 of the Code, the exercise price, the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such option and the terms and
conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code;
provided further, that in the case of any Assumed Option to which Section 409A of the Code applies as of the First
Effective Time, the exercise price, the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such option and the terms
and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code
in order to avoid the imposition of any additional taxes thereunder. The Company Board shall, prior to the First
Effective Time, take all actions necessary to effect the foregoing.

6.6
Employee Benefits.

(a)
Parent shall comply with the terms of any employment, severance, retention, change of control, or similar agreement specified on Section
4.17(d) or contemplated by Section 5.1(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, subject to the provisions
of such agreements.

(b)
From and after the First Effective Time, with respect to each benefit plan maintained
by Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation
that is an employee welfare benefit plan as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA (each, a Post-Closing Welfare
Plan) in which any current or former employee of Parent is or becomes eligible to participate (including under COBRA), Parent
and the Surviving EntityCorporation
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such Post-Closing Welfare Plan to (i) waive all limitations as to pre-existing
conditions, waiting periods, required physical examinations and exclusions with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable
under such Post-Closing Welfare Plan for such current or former Parent employee and his or her eligible dependents to the same extent
that such pre-existing conditions, waiting periods, required physical examinations and exclusions would not have applied or would have
been waived under the corresponding Parent Employee Plan in which such current or former Parent employee was a participant immediately
prior to his or her commencement of participation in such Post-Closing Welfare Plan, and (ii) provide each such current or former Parent
employee and his or her eligible dependents with credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid in the plan year that includes the First
Effective Time, and prior to the date that, such current or former Parent employee commences participation in such Post-Closing
Welfare Plan in satisfying any applicable co-payment or deductible requirements under such Post-Closing Welfare Plan for the applicable
plan year, to the extent that such expenses were recognized for such purposes under the comparable Parent Employee Plan.

(c)
Nothing in this Section 6.6, express or implied, shall (i) establish, or constitute an amendment, termination or modification
of, or an undertaking to amend, establish, terminate or modify, any Post-Closing Welfare Plan or other benefit plan, program, agreement
or arrangement, (ii) alter or limit the ability of the Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation
to amend, modify or terminate any Post-Closing Welfare Plan or any other benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement at any
time assumed, established, sponsored or maintained by any of them, (iii) create any obligation on the part of the Parent or the Surviving
EntityCorporation
to employ or engage any former Parent employee for any period following the Closing Date, or (iv) create any third party beneficiary
rights in any current or former employee, director, consultant or other service provider of Parent.

73

(d)
As of immediately prior to the First Effective Time, each Parent Option that is then
outstanding but not then vested or exercisable shall become immediately vested and exercisable in full. At the First
Effective Time, each In the Money Parent Option that is then outstanding shall be canceled and the holder thereof shall
be entitled to receive, immediately prior to the First Effective Time a number of shares
of Parent Common Stock equal to (i) the number of shares underlying such Parent Option reduced by (ii) a number of shares of Parent Common
Stock equal to the quotient of (x) the number of shares underlying such Parent Option multiplied by the exercise price per share of the
Parent Common Stock underlying such Parent Option, divided by (y) the Parent Closing Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the tax withholding obligations for each holder receiving shares of Parent Common Stock in accordance with the preceding sentence shall
be satisfied by Parent withholding from issuance that number of shares of Parent Common Stock calculated by multiplying the legally-required
withholding rate for such holder in connection with such issuance by the number of shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in accordance
with the preceding sentence, and rounding up to the nearest whole share and remitting such withholding in cash to the appropriate taxing
authorities. At the First Effective Time, each Out of the Money Parent Option with an
exercise price above $10.00 per share shall be cancelled for no consideration. Prior to the Closing, the Parent Board shall have adopted
appropriate resolutions and taken all other actions necessary and appropriate to provide for the foregoing.

6.7
Indemnification of Officers and Directors.

(a)
From the First Effective Time through the sixth anniversary of the date on which the
First Effective Time occurs, each of Parent and the Surviving EntityCorporation
shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior
to the First Effective Time, a director or officer of Parent or the Company, respectively
(the D&O Indemnified Parties), against all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, fines and reasonable
fees, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and disbursements (collectively, Costs), incurred in connection
with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or
pertaining to the fact that the D&O Indemnified Party is or was a director or officer of Parent or of the Company, whether asserted
or claimed prior to, at or after the First Effective Time, in each case, to the fullest
extent permitted under the DGCL. Each D&O Indemnified Party will be entitled to advancement of expenses incurred in the defense of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation from each of Parent and the Surviving EntityCorporation,
jointly and severally, upon receipt by Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation
from the D&O Indemnified Party of a request therefor; provided that any such person to whom expenses are advanced provides
an undertaking to Parent, to the extent then required by the DGCL, to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person
is not entitled to indemnification.

(b)
The certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of the Surviving Entity shall contain, and Parent shall cause the
certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of the Surviving Entity to so contain, provisions no less favorable
with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation of present and former directors and officers as those presently
set forth in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Parent.

(cb)
From and after the First Effective Time, (i) the Surviving EntityCorporation
shall fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company to its D&O Indemnified Parties as of immediately prior
to the Closing pursuant to any indemnification provisions under the Companys Organizational Documents and pursuant to any indemnification
agreements between the Company and such D&O Indemnified Parties, with respect to claims arising out of matters occurring at or prior
to the First Effective Time and (ii) Parent shall fulfill and honor in all respects
the obligations of Parent to its D&O Indemnified Parties as of immediately prior to the Closing pursuant to any indemnification provisions
under Parents Organizational Documents and pursuant to any indemnification agreements between Parent and such D&O Indemnified
Parties, with respect to claims arising out of matters occurring at or prior to the First Effective
Time.

74

(dc)
From and after the First Effective Time, Parent shall maintain directors and
officers liability insurance policies, with an effective date as of the Closing Date, on commercially reasonable terms and conditions
and with coverage limits customary for U.S. public companies similarly situated to Parent. In addition, Parent shall purchase at its
sole expense, prior to the First Effective Time, a six (6) year prepaid D&O
tail policy (the D&O Tail Policy) for the non-cancelable extension of the directors and officers
liability coverage of Parents existing directors and officers insurance policies for a claims reporting or discovery
period of at least six (6) years from and after the First Effective Time with respect
to any claim related to any period of time at or prior to the First Effective Time with
terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under Parents existing
policies as of the date of this Agreement, or otherwise acceptable to Parent, except that Parent will not commit or spend on such D&O
Tail Policy annual premiums in excess of 250% of the annual premiums paid by Parent in its last full fiscal year prior to the date hereof
for Parents current policies of directors and officers liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance (nor,
for the avoidance of doubt, shall Parent be obligated to spend any specific amount), and if such premiums for such D&O tail Policy
would exceed 250% of such annual premium, then Parent shall purchase policies that provide the maximum coverage available at an annual
premium equal to 250% of such annual premium. The Company shall in good faith cooperate with Parent prior to the First
Effective Time with respect to the procurement of such D&O Tail Policy.

(ed)
From and after the First Effective Time, Parent shall pay all expenses, including reasonable
attorneys fees, that are incurred by the persons referred to in this Section 6.7 in connection with their enforcement
of the rights provided to such persons in this Section 6.7.

(fe)
The provisions of this Section 6.7 are intended to be in addition to the rights otherwise available to the current and former
officers and directors of Parent and the Company by Law, charter, statute, bylaw or agreement, and shall operate for the benefit of,
and shall be enforceable by, each of the D&O Indemnified Parties, their heirs and their Representatives.

(gf)
In the event Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation
or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing
or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets
to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving
EntityCorporation,
as the case may be, shall succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section 6.7. Parent shall cause the Surviving EntityCorporation
to perform all of the obligations of the Surviving EntityCorporation
under this Section 6.7.

(hg)
Unless directed otherwise by the Company in writing no less than three (3) Business Days before the Closing Date, Parent shall use reasonable
best efforts to take all actions as are necessary to terminate any 401(k) or other plan(s) with a cash or deferred arrangement (as defined
in Section 401(k) of the Code), effective as of no later than the day immediately preceding the Closing Date. Parent shall provide the
Company copies of all such corporate actions or documentation related to the same at least three (3) Business Days before their adoption
or approval for the Companys reasonable review and comment.

75

6.8
Disclosure. The Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to agree to the text of any initial press release and
Parents Form 8-K announcing the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Without limiting any Partys obligations under
the Confidentiality Agreement, no Party shall, and no Party shall permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Representatives to, issue
any press release or make any public disclosure regarding the Contemplated Transactions unless: (a) the other Party shall have approved
such press release or disclosure in writing, such approval not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed; or (b) such Party
shall have determined in good faith, upon the advice of outside legal counsel, that such disclosure is required by applicable Law and,
to the extent practicable, before such press release or disclosure is issued or made, such Party advises the other Party of, and consults
with the other Party regarding, the text of such press release or disclosure; provided, however, that each of the Company
and Parent may make any public statement in response to specific questions by the press, analysts, investors or those attending industry
conferences or financial analyst conference calls, so long as any such statements are consistent with previous press releases, public
disclosures or public statements made by the Company or Parent in compliance with this Section 6.8. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
a Party need not consult with any other Parties in connection with such portion of any press release, public statement or filing to be
issued or made pursuant to Section 6.2(d) or pursuant to Section 6.3(e).

6.9
Listing. At or prior to the First Effective Time, Parent shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to (a) maintain its listing on Nasdaq until the First Effective Time
and to obtain approval of the listing of the combined corporation on Nasdaq, (b) to the extent required by the rules and regulations
of Nasdaq, prepare and submit to Nasdaq a notification form for the listing of the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the Contemplated Transactions, and to cause such shares to be approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance); (c)
prepare and timely submit to Nasdaq a notification form for the Nasdaq Reverse Split (if required) and to submit a copy of the amendment
to Parents certificate of incorporation effecting the Nasdaq Reverse Split, certified by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, to Nasdaq on the Closing Date; and (d) to the extent required by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5110, assist the Company in preparing
and filing an initial listing application for the Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Listing Application)
and to cause such Nasdaq Listing Application to be conditionally approved prior to the First Effective
Time. Each Party will reasonably promptly inform the other Party of all verbal or written communications between Nasdaq and such Party
or its representatives. The Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate with respect to compliance with Nasdaq rules
and regulations. The Party not filing the Nasdaq Listing Application will cooperate with the other Party as reasonably requested by such
filing Party with respect to the Nasdaq Listing Application and promptly furnish to such filing Party all information concerning itself
and its members that may be required or reasonably requested in connection with any action contemplated by this Section 6.9.
All Nasdaq fees associated with any action contemplated by this Section 6.9, including any fees related to the engagement
of a consultant (the Nasdaq Fees), shall be shared equally by the Company and Parent.

6.10
Tax Matters.

(a)
The Parties shall use reasonable best efforts (and each shall cause its Affiliates) to cause the Merger to qualify for the Intended Tax
Treatment. No Party shall take any actions, or fail to take any action, which action or failure to act would reasonably be expected to
prevent or impede the Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties shall report the Contemplated Transactions for all applicable Tax purposes
in a manner that is consistent with the Intended Tax Treatment. No Party shall take any position that is inconsistent with the Intended
Tax Treatment during the course of any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes, in each case, unless otherwise required
by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. The Parties shall comply with the recordkeeping and information
reporting requirements imposed on them, including, but not limited to, those set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-3.

76

(b)
Parent shall promptly notify the Company if, at any time before the First Effective
Time, Parent becomes aware of any fact or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to prevent, cause a failure of, or impede the
Intended Tax Treatment. The Company shall promptly notify Parent if, at any time before the First Effective
Time, the Company becomes aware of any fact or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to prevent, cause a failure of, or impede
the Intended Tax Treatment.

(c)
If the SEC requires that an opinion with respect to the Intended Tax Treatment be prepared and submitted in connection with the Registration
Statement and Proxy Statement, (i) the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher LLP (or such
other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to the Company) to furnish an opinion (as so required and
subject to customary assumptions and limitations), (ii) Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Haynes and Boone, LLP (or
such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to Parent) to furnish an opinion (as so required and
subject to customary assumptions and limitations), and (iii) Parent and the Company shall each deliver to each of Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher
LLP (or such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to the Company) and Haynes and Boone, LLP (or
such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to Parent) a Tax certificate, dated as of the date the
Registration Statement and Proxy Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC and signed by an officer of Parent or the Company,
as applicable, containing customary representations and covenants reasonably acceptable to the Company and Parent, as applicable, in
each case, as reasonably necessary and appropriate to enable such advisors to render such opinions (the Tax Certificates).
Each of Parent and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts not to take or cause to be taken any action that would cause
to be untrue (or fail to take or cause not to be taken any action which would cause to be untrue) any of the Tax certifications, covenants
or representations included in the Tax Certificates.

(d)
Parent and the Company shall reasonably cooperate in the preparation, execution and filing of all Tax Returns, questionnaires, applications
or other documents regarding any real property transfer, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer and stamp taxes, and transfer,
recording, registration and other fees and similar Taxes which become payable in connection with the Merger that are required or permitted
to be filed on or before the First Effective Time. Each of Parent and the Company shall
pay, without deduction from any consideration or other amounts payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement and without
reimbursement from the other party, any such Taxes or fees imposed on it by any Governmental Authority, which becomes payable in connection
with the Merger.

6.11
Legends. Parent shall be entitled to place appropriate legends on the book entries and/or certificates evidencing any shares of
Parent Capital Stock to be received in the Merger by equityholders of the Company who may be considered affiliates of Parent
for purposes of Rules 144 and 145 under the Securities Act reflecting the restrictions set forth in Rules 144 and 145 and to issue appropriate
stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for any such shares of Parent Capital Stock.

6.12
Officers and Directors. Until successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with applicable Law, the Parties
shall use commercially reasonable efforts and take all necessary action so that the Persons listed on Section 6.12 of the
Parent Disclosure Letter are elected or appointed, as applicable, to the positions of officers or directors of Parent and the Surviving
EntityCorporation,
as set forth therein, to serve in such positions effective as of the Second Effective
Time. If any Person listed on Section 6.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter is unable or unwilling to serve as officer or
director of Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation,
as set forth therein, the Party appointing such Person (as set forth on Section 6.12 of the Parent Disclosure Letter) shall
designate a successor. The Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to have each of the Persons that will serve as directors and officers
of the Parent following the Closing to execute and deliver a Lock-Up Agreement prior to Closing.

77

6.13
Termination of Certain Agreements and Rights. Each of Parent and the Company shall cause any stockholder agreements, voting agreements,
registration rights agreements, co-sale agreements and any other similar Contracts between either Parent or the Company and any holders
of Parent Common Stock or Company Capital Stock, respectively, including any such Contract granting any Person investor rights, rights
of first refusal, registration rights or director registration rights, to be terminated immediately prior to the First
Effective Time, without any liability being imposed on the part of Parent or the Surviving EntityCorporation.

6.14
Section 16 Matters. Prior to the First Effective Time, Parent shall take all
such steps as may be required to cause any acquisitions of Parent Common Stock and any options to purchase Parent Common Stock in connection
with the Contemplated Transactions, by each individual who is reasonably expected to become subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to Parent, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

6.15
Allocation Information. The Company will prepare and deliver to Parent prior to the Closing a spreadsheet setting forth (as of
immediately prior to the First Effective Time) (a) each holder of Company Capital Stock,
(b) such holders name and address, (c) the number or percentage and type of Company Capital Stock held as of the Closing Date
for each such holder and (d) the number of shares of Parent Capital Stock to be issued to such holder pursuant to this Agreement in respect
of the Company Capital Stock held by such holder as of immediately prior to the First Effective
Time (the Allocation Certificate).

6.16
Parent SEC Documents. From the date of this Agreement to the First Effective
Time, Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to timely file with the SEC all registration statements, proxy statements, Certifications,
reports, schedules, exhibits, forms and other documents required to be filed by Parent with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act (SEC Documents). As of its filing date, or if amended after the date of this Agreement, as of the date of the
last such amendment, each SEC Document filed by Parent with the SEC (a) shall comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements
of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, and (b) except for information in such SEC Documents that is furnished instead
of filed under Items 2.02 or 7.01 in the Parents Current Reports on Form 8-K, shall not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

6.17
Wind-Down Activities. Following the Closing, Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the wind-down activities
of Parent associated with the Parent Legacy Business, including termination of its research and development activities set forth on Section
6.17 of the Parent Disclosure Letter.

6.18
Obligations of Merger SubsSub.
Parent will take all action necessary to cause each Merger Sub to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

6.19
Parent Pre-Closing Dividend. If Parent declares the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend, then, prior to or simultaneously with the First
Effective Time, Parent shall deposit the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend Amount with Parents transfer agent for further
distribution to the holders of the shares of Parent Common Stock outstanding as of the record date of the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend.

78

6.20
Parent Warrant. If required by any applicable Parent Warrant, promptly after the date of this Agreement, and in any event within
the time period as set forth in the Parent Warrant, Parent shall deliver notice to the holders of such Parent Warrants with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the rights of the holders thereof in connection therewith, subject to the review
and approval of Company (not to be unreasonably withheld). At the First Effective Time,
each Parent Warrant that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the First Effective
Time, shall survive the Closing and remain outstanding in accordance with its terms; provided, however, that the holder
of any such Parent Warrant which remains outstanding following Closing may elect to require Parent to pay such holder cash in exchange
for the termination of the remaining unexercised portion of such Parent Warrant (the amount of any such payment, a Parent Warrant
Termination Fee) if contemplated by the terms of such Parent Warrant.

6.21
CSRC Filing(s). The Company covenants and agrees that the CSRC Filing(s) shall be true, accurate and complete, and be free of
misrepresentation, misleading statement or major omission.

Section
7. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Each Party. The obligations of each Party to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate
the Contemplated Transactions to be consummated at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, the written waiver by each of the Parties, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

7.1
Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions
of the Securities Act, and shall not be subject to any stop order or Legal Proceeding seeking a stop order with respect to the Registration
Statement that has not been withdrawn. Any material state securities laws applicable to the issuance of the shares of Parent Capital
Stock in connection with the Contemplated Transactions shall have been complied with and no stop order (or similar order) shall have
been issued in respect of such shares of Parent Capital Stock by any applicable state securities commissioner or court of competent jurisdiction.

7.2
Foreign Person Status. Neither the Parent nor any of the Merger SubsSub
is a foreign person or a foreign entity, as defined in Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of
1950, as amended, including all implementing regulations thereof (the DPA).

7.3
No Restraints. No Order preventing the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions shall have been issued by any Governmental
Authority of competent jurisdiction and remain in effect and there shall not be any Law which has the effect of making the consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions illegal.

7.4
Stockholder Approval. (a) Parent shall have obtained the Required Parent Stockholder Vote (but solely with respect to such items
as are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and (b) the Company shall have obtained the Required
Company Stockholder Vote.

7.5
Listing. The Nasdaq Listing Application shall have been approved by Nasdaq.

7.6
CSRC Approvals. The Company has obtained from the CSRC the approvals necessary for the Contemplated Transactions pursuant to the
CSRC Filing Rules.

7.7
Lock-Up Agreements. The Lock-Up Agreements shall be in full force and effect.

7.8
Parent Charter Amendment. The Parent Charter Amendment shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, containing such amendments as are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.9
Registration Rights Agreement. The Registration Rights Agreement shall have been duly executed by Parent and the Company.

79

Section
8. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parent and Merger SubsSub.
The obligations of Parent and Merger SubsSub
to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction
or the written waiver by Parent, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

8.1
Accuracy of Representations. The Company Fundamental Representations shall have been true and correct in all material respects
as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made
on and as of such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date). The Company Capitalization Representations shall
have been true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date
with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date, except, in each case, (x) for such inaccuracies which are de minimis,
individually or in the aggregate, (y) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which
representations and warranties shall have been true and correct, subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (x),
as of such particular date). The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement (other than the Company Fundamental
Representations and the Company Capitalization Representations) shall have been true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and
shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on the Closing Date except (a) in each
case, or in the aggregate, where the failure to be so true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect (without giving effect to any references therein to any Company Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications) or
(b) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been
true and correct, subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (a), as of such particular date) (it being understood
that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, any update of or modification to the Company Disclosure
Letter made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded).

8.2
Performance of Covenants. The Company shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all agreements and covenants
required to be performed or complied with by it under this Agreement at or prior to the First Effective
Time.

8.3
Documents. Parent shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be in full force and effect:

(a)
a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifying (i) that the conditions set
forth in Sections 8.1, 8.2, 8.4 and 8.5
have been duly satisfied and (ii) that the information (other than emails and addresses) set forth in the Allocation Certificate
delivered by the company in accordance with Section 6.15 is true and accurate in all respects as of the Closing Date;

(b)
a certificate pursuant to Treasury Regulations Sections 1.1445-2(c) and 1.897-2(h), together with a form of notice to the IRS in accordance
with the requirements of Treasury Regulations Section 1.897-2(h), in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent;
and

(c)
the Allocation Certificate.

8.4
No Company Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Company Material Adverse
Effect that is continuing.

8.5
Company Stockholder Written Consent. The Company Stockholder Written Consent executed by the stockholders of the Company shall
be in full force and effect.

8.6
Parent Pre-Closing Dividend. If Parent declares the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend, then the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend Amount shall
have been deposited by Parent with Parents transfer agent for further distribution to the holders of the shares of Parent Common
Stock outstanding as of the record date of the Parent Pre-Closing Dividend.

80

Section
9. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the Merger and otherwise
consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction or the written waiver by the Company, at
or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

9.1
Accuracy of Representations. The Parent Fundamental Representations shall have been true and correct in all material respects
as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made
on and as of such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date). The Parent Capitalization Representations shall
have been true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date
with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date, except, in each case, (x) for such inaccuracies which are de minimis,
individually or in the aggregate, (y) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which
representations and warranties shall have been true and correct, subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (x),
as of such particular date). The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger SubsSub
contained in this Agreement (other than the Parent Fundamental Representations and the Parent Capitalization Representations)
shall have been true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the
same force and effect as if made on the Closing Date except (a) in each case, or in the aggregate, where the failure to be so true and
correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (without giving effect to any references therein to
any Parent Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications) or (b) for those representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been true and correct, subject to the qualifications as set forth
in the preceding clause (a), as of such particular date) (it being understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such
representations and warranties, any update of or modification to the Parent Disclosure Letter made or purported to have been made after
the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded).

9.2
Performance of Covenants. Parent and Merger SubsSub
shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all of their agreements and covenants required to be performed
or complied with by each of them under this Agreement at or prior to the First Effective
Time.

9.3
Documents. The Company shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be in full force and effect:

(a)
a certificate executed by an executive officer of Parent certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 9.1, 9.2
and 9.4 have been duly satisfied;

(b)
written resignations in forms satisfactory to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date and effective as of the Closing executed by the
officers and directors of Parent who are not to continue as officers or directors of Parent pursuant to Section 6.12 hereof;
and

(c)
the Parent Net Cash Schedule.

9.4
No Parent Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Parent Material Adverse
Effect that is continuing.

9.5
Minimum Cash Condition. As of the Cash Determination Time, Parent Net Cash, as finally determined pursuant to Section 2.8,
shall be greater than or equal to one dollar ($1.00).

81

Section
10. Termination.

10.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the First Effective Time
(whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the Companys stockholders and whether before or after approval of the Parent
Stockholder Matters by Parents stockholders, unless otherwise specified below):

(a)
by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;

(b)
by either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have been consummated by the date that is the nine (9) month anniversary of the
date hereof (subject to possible extension as provided in this Section 10.1(b), the End Date); provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 10.1(b) shall not be available to the Company
or Parent if such Partys (or in the case of Parent, Merger SubsSubs)
action or failure to act has been a principal cause of the failure of the Merger to occur on or before the End Date and such action or
failure to act constitutes a breach of this Agreement, provided further, however, that, in the event that (i) the SEC has
not declared effective under the Securities Act the Registration Statement or (ii) the CSRC has not approved the Contemplated Transactions
pursuant to the CSRC Filing Rules, in each case by the date which is sixty (60) days prior to the End Date, then either the Company or
Parent shall be entitled to extend the End Date for an additional sixty (60) days;

(c)
by either Parent or the Company if a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority shall have issued a final and nonappealable
Order having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Contemplated Transactions;

(d)
by Parent if the Required Company Stockholder Vote shall not have been obtained within two (2) Business Days of the Registration Statement
becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act; provided, however, that once the Required Company
Stockholder Vote has been obtained, Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(d);

(e)
by either Parent or the Company if (i) the Parent Stockholder Meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) shall have
been held and completed and Parents stockholders shall have taken a final vote on the Parent Stockholder Matters and (ii) the
Parent Stockholder Matters shall not have been approved at the Parent Stockholder Meeting (or at any adjournment or postponement thereof)
by the Required Parent Stockholder Vote; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section
10.1(e) shall not be available to Parent where the failure to obtain the Required Parent Stockholder Vote shall have been caused
by the action or failure to act of Parent and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach by Parent of this Agreement;

(f)
by the Company (at any time prior to the approval of the Parent Stockholder Matters by the Required Parent Stockholder Vote) if a Parent
Triggering Event shall have occurred;

(g)
by Parent (at any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Contemplated Transactions by the Required Company
Stockholder Vote) if a Company Triggering Event shall have occurred;

(h)
by the Company, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement by Parent or Merger
SubsSub or if any
representation or warranty of Parent or Merger SubsSub
shall have become inaccurate, in either case, such that the conditions set forth in Section 9.1 or Section 9.2
would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become inaccurate;
provided, that the Company is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement;
provided further, that if such inaccuracy in Parents or Merger SubsSubs
representations and warranties or breach by Parent or Merger SubsSub
is curable by Parent or Merger SubsSub,
then the Company shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) as a result of such
particular breach or inaccuracy until the earlier of (i) the expiration of a thirty (30) day period commencing upon delivery of written
notice from the Company to Parent or Merger SubsSub
of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) and (ii) Parent or Merger
SubsSub (as applicable)
ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach following delivery of written notice from the Company to Parent
or Merger SubsSub
of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) (it being understood that the
Company shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) as a result of such particular
breach or inaccuracy if such breach by Parent or Merger SubsSub
is cured prior to such termination becoming effective);

82

(i)
by Parent, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement by the Company or if any
representation or warranty of the Company shall have become inaccurate, in either case, such that the conditions set forth in Section
8.1 or Section 8.2 would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or
warranty shall have become inaccurate; provided that Parent is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement under this Agreement; provided, further, that if such inaccuracy in the Companys representations and
warranties or breach by the Company is curable by the Company then Parent shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 10.1(i) as a result of such particular breach or inaccuracy until the earlier of (i) the expiration of a
thirty (30) day period commencing upon delivery of written notice from Parent to the Company of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention
to terminate pursuant to this Section 10.1(i) and (ii) the Company ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to
cure such breach following delivery of written notice from Parent to the Company of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate
pursuant to this Section 10.1(i) (it being understood that Parent shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 10.1(i) as a result of such particular breach or inaccuracy if such breach by the Company is cured prior
to such termination becoming effective); or

(j)
by Parent (at any time prior to the approval of the Parent Stockholder Matters by the Required Parent Stockholder Vote) and following
compliance with all of the requirements set forth in the proviso to this Section 10.1(j), upon the Parent Board authorizing
Parent to enter into a Permitted Alternative Agreement; provided, however, that Parent shall not enter into any Permitted
Alternative Agreement unless: (i) Parent shall have complied in all material respects with its obligations under Section 5.4
and Section 6.3, (ii) the Parent Board shall have determined in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel, that the failure to enter into such Permitted Alternative Agreement would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its
fiduciary obligations under applicable Law and (iii) Parent shall concurrently pay to the Company the Termination Fee in accordance with
Section 10.3(c).

The
Party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1 (other than pursuant to Section 10.1(a))
shall give a notice of such termination to the other Party specifying the provisions hereof pursuant to which such termination is made
and the basis therefor described in reasonable detail.

10.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 10.1, this Agreement
shall be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that (a) this Section 10.2, Section 10.3
and Section 11 (other than Section 11.8) and the related definitions of the defined terms in such sections
shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect and (b) the termination of this Agreement and
the provisions of Section 10.3 shall not relieve any Party of any liability for fraud or for any willful and material breach
of any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or other provision contained in this Agreement.

10.3
Expenses; Termination Fees.

(a)
Except as set forth in this Section 10.3 and Section 6.9 all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated.

83

(b)
If this Agreement is terminated (i) (A) by the Company pursuant to Section 10.1(f), and (B) at any time after the date of
this Agreement and prior to the Parent Stockholder Meeting, an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Parent shall have been publicly announced,
disclosed or otherwise communicated to the Parent Board (and shall not have been withdrawn), within twelve (12) months after the date
of such termination, Parent enters into a definitive agreement with respect to a Subsequent Transaction or consummates a Subsequent Transaction,
then Parent shall pay to the Company, or (ii) by Parent pursuant to 10.1(j), within ten (10) Business Days after termination
(or, if applicable, upon such entry into a definitive agreement or consummation of a Subsequent Transaction), a nonrefundable fee in
an amount equal to $420,000 (the Termination Fee).

(c)
If (i) this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 10.1(d), the Company shall pay to Parent a nonrefundable
fee in an amount equal to $2,800,000 or (ii) Section 10.1(g), the Company shall pay to Parent a nonrefundable fee in an amount
equal to $8,400,000.

(d)
If either Party fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under this Section 10.3, then (i) such Party shall reimburse
the other Party for reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with
the collection of such overdue amount and the enforcement by the other Party of its rights under this Section 10.3 and (ii)
such Party shall pay to the other Party interest on such overdue amount (for the period commencing as of the date such overdue amount
was originally required to be paid and ending on the date such overdue amount is actually paid to the other Party in full) at a rate
per annum equal to the prime rate (as announced by Bank of America or any successor thereto) in effect on the date such
overdue amount was originally required to be paid plus three percent.

(e)
The Parties agree that, subject to Section 10.2, the payment of the fees and expenses set forth in this Section 10.3
shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of each Party following a termination of this Agreement under the circumstances described
in this Section 10.3, it being understood that in no event shall either Parent or the Company be required to pay the individual
fees or damages payable pursuant to this Section 10.3 on more than one occasion. Subject to Section 10.2, following
the payment of the fees and expenses set forth in this Section 10.3 by a Party, (i) such Party shall have no further liability
to the other Party in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the termination thereof, any breach of this Agreement by the
other Party giving rise to such termination, or the failure of the Contemplated Transactions to be consummated, (ii) no other Party or
their respective Affiliates shall be entitled to bring or maintain any other claim, action or proceeding against such Party or seek to
obtain any recovery, judgment or damages of any kind against such Party (or any partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, employee,
Subsidiary, Affiliate, agent or other Representative of such Party) in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the termination
thereof, any breach by such Party giving rise to such termination or the failure of the Contemplated Transactions to be consummated and
(iii) all other Parties and their respective Affiliates shall be precluded from any other remedy against such Party and its Affiliates,
at law or in equity or otherwise, in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the termination thereof, any breach by such
Party giving rise to such termination or the failure of the Contemplated Transactions to be consummated. Each of the Parties acknowledges
that (x) the agreements contained in this Section 10.3 are an integral part of the Contemplated Transactions, (y) without
these agreements, the Parties would not enter into this Agreement and (z) any amount payable pursuant to this Section 10.3
is not a penalty, but rather is liquidated damages in a reasonable amount that will compensate the Parties in the circumstances in which
such amount is payable; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 10.3(e) shall limit the rights of the Parties under
Section 11.10.

84

Section
11. Miscellaneous Provisions.

11.1
Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company, Parent and Merger SubsSub
contained in this Agreement or any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate at the First
Effective Time, and only the covenants that by their terms survive the First Effective
Time and this Section 11 shall survive the First Effective Time.

11.2
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended with the approval of the respective boards of directors of the Company, Merger SubsSub
and Parent at any time (whether before or after the adoption and approval of this Agreement by the Companys stockholders
or before or after obtaining the Required Parent Stockholder Vote); provided, however, that after any such approval of
this Agreement by a Partys stockholders, no amendment shall be made which by Law requires further approval of such stockholders
without the further approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of each of the Company, Merger SubsSub
and Parent.

11.3
Waiver.

(a)
Any provision hereof may be waived by the waiving Party solely on such Partys own behalf, without the consent of any other Party.
No failure on the part of any Party to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay on the part
of any Party in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such power, right,
privilege or remedy; and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy.

(b)
No Party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this
Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed
and delivered on behalf of such Party and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance
in which it is given.

11.4
Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile. This Agreement and the other schedules, exhibits,
certificates, instruments and agreements referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof;
provided, however, that the Confidentiality Agreement shall not be superseded and shall remain in full force and effect
in accordance with its terms; provided, further, that only Exhibit D-1 
(including Exhibit A to such Exhibit) and Exhibit D-2 areis
incorporated by reference and made a part hereof for purposes of Section 251 of the DGCL. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of
a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by all Parties by facsimile or electronic transmission in PDF format shall
be sufficient to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

11.5
Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding
between any of the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the Contemplated Transactions, each of the Parties:
(a) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the Superior Court of the State of Delaware or the
United States District Court for the District of Delaware, (b) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be
heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (a) of this Section 11.5, (c) waives any objection to laying venue
in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (d) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction
over any Party, (e) agrees that service of process upon such Party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given
in accordance with Section 11.7 of this Agreement and (f) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury.

85

11.6
Assignability. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the Parties
and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of a Partys
rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or delegated by such Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and
any attempted assignment or delegation of this Agreement or any of such rights or obligations by such Party without the other Partys
prior written consent shall be void and of no effect.

11.7
Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered and
received hereunder (a) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international
overnight courier service, (b) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand or (c) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if
sent by email or facsimile (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time), otherwise
on the next succeeding Business Day, in each case to the intended recipient as set forth below:

if
to Parent or Merger SubsSub:

Pulmatrix,
Inc.

945
Concord Street, Suite 1217

Framingham,
MA 01701

Attention:
Peter Ludlum

Email:
pludlum@pulmatrix.com

with
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Haynes
and Boone, LLP

30
Rockefeller Plaza, 26th Floor

New
York, New York 10112

Attention:
Rick A. Werner; Simin Sun; Alok Choksi

Email:
rick.werner@haynesboone.com; simin.sun@haynesboone.com;

alok.choksi@haynesboone.com

if
to the Company:

Cullgen
Inc.

12730
High Bluff Drive, Suite 250

San
Diego, CA 92130

Attention:
Thomas Eastling

Email:
teastling@cullgen.com

with
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Gibson,
Dunn & Crutcher LLP

One
Embarcadero Center, Suite 2600

San Francisco, CA 94111

Attention: Ryan Murr, Branden Berns, Maricel Montano

Email: rmurr@gibsondunn.com, bberns@gibsondunn.com, mmontano@gibsondunn.com

11.8
Cooperation. Each Party agrees to cooperate fully with the other Party and to execute and deliver such further documents, certificates,
agreements and instruments and to take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the other Party to evidence or reflect the
Contemplated Transactions and to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

86

11.9
Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of
the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
declares that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination
shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a
term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term
or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted
to it in the prior sentence, the Parties agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable
term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision.

11.10
Other Remedies; Specific Performance. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon
a Party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such Party, and
the exercise by a Party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The Parties agree that irreparable damage
for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms (including failing to take such actions as are required of
it hereunder to consummate this Agreement) or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to
an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the Superior Court
of the State of Delaware or the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, this being in addition to any other remedy
to which they are entitled at law or in equity, and each of the Parties waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required
of any other Party with respect thereto. Each of the Parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other Party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance
is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

11.11
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person (other
than the Parties and the D&O Indemnified Parties to the extent of their respective rights pursuant to Section 6.7) any
right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

87

In
Witness Whereof,
the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

Pulmatrix,
Inc.

By:

Name: 

Title 

PCL
Merger Sub, Inc.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

PCL
Merger Sub II, LLC

By:

Name: 

Title: 

In
Witness Whereof,
the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

Cullgen
Inc.

By:

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pulm-20250407.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pulm-20250407_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pulm-20250407_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36199

Entity Registrant Name PULMATRIX,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001574235

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-1821392

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 945
Concord Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1217

Entity Address, City or Town Framingham

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01701

City Area Code (888)

Local Phone Number 355-4440

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol PULM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pulmatrix.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
pulm-20250407.xsd 
pulm-20250407_lab.xml 
pulm-20250407_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003620-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001574235 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001574235 
8-K 
2025-04-07 
PULMATRIX, INC. 
DE 
001-36199 
46-1821392 
945 Concord Street 
Suite 1217 
Framingham 
MA 
01701 
(888) 
355-4440 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
PULM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>