<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-001578.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-001578.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324160013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-001578
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Columbus Acquisition Corp/Cayman Islands
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028201
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42485
		FILM NUMBER:		25764065

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 NEXUS WAY
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-451-2930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 NEXUS WAY
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9009
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235354-8k_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 20, 2025

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42485 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore 049712

(Address of principal executive offices)

(+1) 949 899 1827

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, consisting of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-seventh of one ordinary share COLAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share COLA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each whole right to acquire one-seventh of one ordinary share COLAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

The disclosures set forth under Item 5.02 are incorporated
by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Agreements of Certain Officers

On March 20, 2025, the board
of directors of Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company) accepted the resignation
of Dr. M. Anthony Wong, the independent director, resigning from his position as a director of the Company. Concurrently with Dr. Wongs
resignation, the Company, by ordinary resolutions of its directors, appointed Mr. Cameron Richard Johnson as the independent director
(Class I director) of the Company to fill the vacancy, effective immediately. Mr. Cameron Richard Johnson was also appointed as the chairperson
of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee.

Background of the New Director

The following sets forth certain
information concerning Mr. Cameron Richard Johnsons past employment history and his qualifications for service on the Companys
board.

Mr. Cameron Richard
Johnson serves as the independent director of the Company. Since 2019, he has worked as the senior partner at Tidalwave Solutions,
providing consulting services. Since 2014, Mr. Johnson has been a member of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, or AmCham Shanghai,
in Shanghai, during which he served on the board of governors from 2022 to 2024 and as the vice chair in 2024. From 2020 to 2024, Mr.
Johnson worked as an adjunct instructor at New York University in Shanghai. Mr. Johnson has been an active commentator on US-China relations,
supply chain, international trade, tariff, technology and other topics, including but not limited to, as a returning guest at Bloomberg:
The China Show discussing topics including but not limited to, US-China relations, automotive and customer sectors, technology
and trade, appearing in the documentary of Americas Medical Supply Crisis by Frontline. Mr. Johnson is the author of Impacts
of Digitalization on Traceability chapter of the book Digital Transformation of Logistics (Wiley, 2021). Mr. Johnson obtained
his graduate certification in business from the University of Wales, and bachelors degrees in communication and comparative religion
both from the University of Washington.

We believe Mr. Johnson is
qualified to serve as our director because of his management experience and expertise in business.

Mr. Johnson is considered
an Independent Director under the NASDAQ listing rules and serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member
of the Compensation Committee.

1

Additional Information

Mr. Johnson does not hold
any other positions with us and is not related to any of our directors or officers. Further, Mr. Chang is not a related person, promoter,
or control person as defined in Regulation 404(a).

Mr. Johnson is appointed for
the remainder of the full term of the Class I director in which the vacancy occurred and until his successor has been elected and qualified,
subject, however, to such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

In connection with the appointment
of Mr. Johnson as the director of the Company, Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company and sponsor of the
Company (the Sponsor) issued a share purchase option dated March 20, 2025 (the Share Purchase Option)
to Mr. Johnson, entitling Mr. Johnson to acquire 12,000 ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor (the Founder Shares)
upon the exercise of the Share Purchase Option once the existing lock-up term on such Founder Shares expires pursuant to the terms and
arrangements thereunder.

A copy of the Share Purchase
Option is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report) and is incorporated herein by
reference. The foregoing description of the Share Purchase Option does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified
in its entirety by, the full text of the Share Purchase Option.

Except as described above,
Mr. Johnson will not receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us and the Company has entered into an Indemnity Agreement
with Mr. Johnson on March 20, 2025, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.2 to this Report.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits

10.1 Share Purchase Option dated March 20, 2025 issued by Hercules Capital Management VII Corp.

10.2 Indemnity Agreement dated March 20, 2025, by and between the Company and Cameron Richard Johnson, as the director of the Company.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Columbus Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 24, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023535401ex10-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE PURCHASE OPTION DATED MARCH 20, 2025 ISSUED BY HERCULES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT VII CORP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE UNDERLYING
SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE
DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
THEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND IN THE CASE OF A
TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION, SUCH SECURITIES MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IF THE COMPANY AND TRANSFER AGENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES HAS
RECEIVED DOCUMENTATION SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSACTION DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

THIS SHARE PURCHASE OPTION IS NOT EXERCISABLE
TILL THE EARLIER OF (I) 180 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION BY COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP (THE COMPANY) OF A MERGER,
SHARE EXCHANGE, ASSET ACQUISITION, SHARE PURCHASE, RECAPITALIZATION, REORGANIZATION OR SIMILAR BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH ONE OR MORE BUSINESSES
OR ENTITIES (BUSINESS COMBINATION) (AS DESCRIBED MORE FULLY IN THE COMPANYS REGISTRATION STATEMENT
(AS DEFINED HEREIN)) AND (II) SUBSEQUENT TO A BUSINESS COMBINATION, THE DATE ON WHICH THE CLOSING PRICE OF THE ORDINARY SHARES (AS DEFINED
BELOW) EQUALS OR EXCEEDS $12.00 PER SHARE (AS ADJUSTED FOR SHARE SUBDIVISIONS, SHARE CAPITALIZATIONS, REORGANIZATIONS, RECAPITALIZATIONS
AND THE LIKE) FOR ANY 20 TRADING DAYS WITHIN ANY 30-TRADING DAY PERIOD COMMENCING AT LEAST 90 DAYS AFTER THE INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION.
THIS PURCHASE OPTION SHALL BE VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M. NEW YORK CITY LOCAL TIME, ON THE EARLIER OF THE LIQUIDATION OF THE COMPANYS
TRUST ACCOUNT (AS DESCRIBED IN THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT) IF THE COMPANY HAS NOT COMPLETED A BUSINESS COMBINATION WITHIN THE REQUIRED
TIME PERIOD.

SHARE PURCHASE OPTION

FOR THE PURCHASE OF

12,000 ORDINARY SHARES OF

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

HELD BY HERCULES CAPITAL MANAGEMENT VII CORP

1. PURCHASE OPTION.

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, in consideration
of the acceptance of Cameron Johnson (Holder) to serve as the director of Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company), as registered owner of this Purchase Option, Holder is entitled, at
any time or from time to time the earlier of (i) 180 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) subsequent to a Business
Combination, the date on which the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 90 days after the initial Business Combination (the Commencement Date), and at or before 5:00 p.m.,
New York City local time, on the earlier of the liquidation of the Companys Trust Account (as defined below) (as described in the
Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No: 333-283278) (the Registration Statement) filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) pursuant to which units of the Company are
offered for sale to the public in the Companys initial public offering (the Offering) in the event
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the required time periods and January 22, 2030, five years from the effective
date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (the Expiration Date),
but not thereafter, to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to 12,000 ordinary sahres, par value $0.0001 per share,
of the Company (Ordinary Shares), currently held by Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, a British Virgin
Islands company and sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor), acquired by the Sponsor from the Cmopany prior to
the completion of the Offering. If the Expiration Date is a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then this
Purchase Option may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not such a day in accordance with the terms herein. During the period
ending on the Expiration Date, the Sponsor agrees not to take any action that would terminate the Purchase Option. This Purchase Option
is initially exercisable at $0.0145 per Ordinary Share so purchased; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any
of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Option, including the exercise price per Ordinary
Share and the number of Ordinary Shares to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The term Exercise
Price shall mean the initial exercise price or the adjusted exercise price, depending on the context.

2. EXERCISE OF PURCHASE OPTION.

2.1 Exercise Form.
In order to exercise this Purchase Option, the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed and delivered to the
Sponsor, together with this Purchase Option and payment of the Exercise Price for the Ordinary Shares being purchased payable in cash
or by certified check or official bank check. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m.,
New York City local time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase Option shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all
rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2 Legend. Each certificate
for the securities purchased under this Purchase Option shall bear a legend as follows, unless such securities have been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT) OR APPLICABLE STATE LAW. THE
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE LAW.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS PURSUANT TO AN INSIDER LETTER DATED JANUARY 22, 2025 AMONG COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP
AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED WHILE THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
ARE IN EFFECT PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE INSIDER LETTER.

2.3 No Obligation to Net
Cash Settle. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Purchase Option, in no event will the Sponsor be required
to net cash settle the exercise of the Purchase Option. The holder of the Purchase Option will not be entitled to exercise the Purchase
Option unless a registration statement is effective, or an exemption from the registration requirements is available at such time and,
if the holder is not able to exercise the Purchase Option, the Purchase Option will expire worthless.

3. TRANSFER OF PURCHASE OPTION

3.1 Restrictions Imposed
by the Act. The securities evidenced by this Purchase Option shall not be transferred unless and until (i) the Company has received
the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act
and applicable state securities laws, the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and the Sponsor,
or (ii) a registration statement relating to such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective by the Commission and
compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

4. NEW PURCHASE OPTION TO BE ISSUED.

4.1 Partial Exercise or
Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Option may be exercised or assigned in whole or in
part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Option for cancellation, together
with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax, the Sponsor shall
cause the Copmany to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Option of like tenor to this Purchase Option in the name
of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder as to which this Purchase
Option has not been exercised or assigned

4.2 Lost Certificate.
Upon receipt by the Spnosor of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase Option and of
reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Sponsor shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Option of like
tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Option executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction shall constitute
a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Sponsor.

2

5. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

5.1 Assignment of Registration
Rights. The Sponsor shall assign, with respect to the Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchase Option, its respective rights, duties
and obligations under that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated January 22, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and others
(the Regstration Rights Agreement), to the Holder, and cause a joinder to be executed and delivered to the
Compay to cause the Holder to become a party to the Registration Rights Agreement.

5.2 General Terms.

5.2.1 Exercise of Purchase
Option. Nothing contained in this Purchase Option shall be construed as requiring the Holder to exercise the Purchase Option prior
to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.2.2 Rule 144 Sale.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 5 to the contrary, neither the Sponsor nor the Company shall have any obligation
pursuant to Sections 5.1 or 5.2 to use its best efforts to obtain the registration of the Ordinary Shares underlying this
Purchase Option held by the Holder (i) where such Holder would then be entitled to sell under Rule 144 within such period prescribed under
Rule 144 all of the Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse Option then held by such Holder, or (ii) where the number of Ordinary Shares
underlying this Purchse Option held by such Holder is within the volume limitations under paragraph (e) of Rule 144 (calculated as if
such Holder were an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144), if applicable.

5.2.3 Supplemental Prospectus.
The Holder agrees, that upon receipt of any notice from the Company or the Sponsor of the happening of any event as a result of which
the prospectus included in the registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing, such Holder will immediately discontinue disposition of Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse Option pursuant to the
registration statement covering such Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse Option until such Holders receipt of the copies of
a supplemental or amended prospectus, and, if so desired by the Company, such Holder shall deliver to the Sponsor and the Company (at
the expense of the Company) or destroy (and deliver to the Sponsor and the Company a certificate of such destruction) all copies, other
than permanent file copies then in such Holders possession, of the prospectus covering such Ordinary Shares underlying this Purchse
Option current at the time of receipt of such notice.

6. ADJUSTMENTS.

6.1 Adjustments to Exercise
Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Purchase Option shall be subject
to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

6.1.1 Adjustment. The
number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Purchase Option shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in that certain
subscription agreement dated March 21, 2024, as further amended on July 25, 2024 and December 20, 2024, by and between the Compay and
the Sponsor, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately adjusted accordingly.

3

6.1.2 Changes in Form of
Purchase Option. This form of Purchase Option need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section, and a Purchase Option
issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Ordinary Shares as are stated in the Purchase Option
as initially issued. The acceptance by the Holder of the issuance of a new Purchase Option reflecting a required or permissive change
shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the computation thereof.

6.2 Substitute Purchase
Option. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company with, or merger of the Company into, another entity
(other than a consolidation or merger which does not result in any reclassification or change of the outstanding Ordinary Shares), the
Sponsor shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Option providing that the holder of the Purchase Option then outstanding
or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Option) to receive, upon exercise of
such Purchase Option, the kind and amount of shares and other securities and property of the the entity formed by such consolidation or
merger receivable upon such consolidation or merger, by a holder of the number of Ordinary Shares of the Company for which such Purchase
Option might have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Option
shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided in Section 6. The above provision of this Section
shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or mergers.

6.3 Elimination of Fractional
Interests. The Sponsor shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of
the Purchase Option, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent of the
parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down to the nearest whole number of Ordinary
Shares or other securities, properties or rights.

7. CERTAIN NOTICE REQUIREMENTS.

7.1 Holders Right
to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or consent as a shareholders
for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholders of the Company.

7.2 Notice of Change in
Exercise Price. The Sponsor shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 6 hereof,
send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the event
causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Sponsors Chief Executive
Officer or other authorized officers or directors.

4

7.3 Transmittal of Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Option shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly made when hand delivered, or mailed by express mail or private courier service or by email: to the following:

If to the Holder:

Cameron Johnson

c/o Columbus Acquisition
Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Email: cameron.johnson@tidalwave.cn

If to the Sponsor:

Hercules Capital Management
VII Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Attn: Fen Zhang, Chief Executive
Officer

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

8. MISCELLANEOUS.

8.1 Amendment. The
Sponsor and the Holder, for as long as it is a Holder, may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Option without the approval
of any of the Holders in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that
Sponsor and the Holder may deem necessary or desirable and that the Sponsor and the Holder deem shall not adversely affect the interest
of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement
of the modification or amendment is sought.

8.2 Headings. The headings
contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation
of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Option.

8.3 Entire Agreement.
This Purchase Option (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Purchase
Option) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

8.4 Binding Effect.
This Purchase Option shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Holder and the Sponsor and their permitted assignees,
respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Option or any provisions herein contained.

5

8.5 Governing Law; Submission
to Jurisdiction. This Purchase Option shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Holder and the Sponsor hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Purchase Option shall be brought and enforced in the New
York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably
submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each of the Holder and the Sponsor hereby waives any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Sponsor
may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
it at the address set forth in Section 7.4 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Sponsor in any action, proceeding or claim. The Sponsor and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action
shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action orproceeding
and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefore.

8.6 Trust Waiver. Reference
is made to the prospectus of the Company, dated as of January 22, 2025 and filed with the Commission (File No.333-283278) on January 24,
2025 (the Prospectus). The Holder acknowledges that the Company has established a trust account (the Trust
Account) containing the proceeds of the Offering and the overallotment shares acquired by its underwriters and from certain
private placements occurring simultaneously with the Offering (including interest accrued from time to time thereon) for the benefit of
the Companys public shareholders (including overallotment shares acquired by the Companys underwriters, the Public
Shareholders), and that the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only as described in the Prospectus. Holder
hereby agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Purchase Option, the Holder does not now, nor shall at any time hereafter,
have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, or make any claim against the Trust Account,
in connection with or relating to this Puechase Option or the Business Combination, regardless of whether such claim arises based on contract,
tort, equity or any other theory of legal liability (collectively, the Released Claims). The Holder hereby irrevocably
waives any Released Claims that the Holder may have against the Trust Account now or in the future as a result of, or arising out of this
Purchase Option or the Business Combination and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any Released Claims. The Holder agrees
and acknowledges that such irrevocable waiver is material to this Purchase Option and specifically relied upon by the Sponsor and its
affiliates to induce the Sponsor to issue this Purchase Option, and the Holder further intends and understands such waiver to be valid,
binding and enforceable against the Holder under applicable law.

8.7 Waiver, Etc. The
failure of the Sponsor or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Option or any provision hereof or the right
of the Sponsor or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Option. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed
by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or non-compliance.

8.8 Execution in Counterparts.
This Purchase Option may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Sponsor
has caused this Purchase Option to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Director

7

FORM TO BE USED TO EXERCISE PURCHASE
OPTION

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Date:_____________, 20____

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to exercise all or a portion of the within Purchase Option and to purchase _________ Ordinary Shares of Columbus Acquisition
Corp held by Hercules Capital Management VII Corp on and hereby makes payment of $___________(at the rate of $___________per
Ordinary Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the securities as to which this Purchase Option is exercised
in accordance with the instructions given below.

Signature: 

NOTICE: The signature must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Purchase Option in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s) Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17Ad-15).

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023535401ex10-2_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNITY AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 20, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CAMERON RICHARD JOHNSON, AS THE DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Version

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Agreement, made and entered
into effective as of March 20, 2025 (Agreement), by and between Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company
(Company), and the undersigned indemnitee (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the adoption of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other laws, rules and regulations being promulgated have increased the potential for liability of officers
and directors; and

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of the Company (Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain such persons is in the best interests of the
Companys shareholders; and

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the
Company free from undue concern that they will not be adequately indemnified; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
a supplement to and in furtherance of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and shall neither be deemed to
be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing
to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

1.1 Change in Control
means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported in response
to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting
requirement provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the date hereof
(i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a person who is an officer
or director of the Company on the date hereof (and any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the
combined voting power of the then issued and outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of
the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to
a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board
in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities
of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding
or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of the surviving entity issued and outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at
the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election
by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors
at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute
at least a majority of the Board.

1.2 Corporate Status
means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of
the Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to
be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of any other enterprise
if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or
at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the
Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve
in such capacity

1.3 Disinterested Director
means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

1.4 Expenses
means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state,
local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements
or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

Expenses also shall include
Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium, security
for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not
include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

1.5 Independent Counsel
means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past
five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such party (other than
with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements),
or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term
Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing,
would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights
under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by (a) the
Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above are
not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

2

1.6 Proceeding
means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding,
whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except
one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement.

2. Services by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees to serve
as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to
any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. Indemnification - General.

Except with respect to actions
finally adjudicated to be a result of actual fraud or intentional misconduct of the Indemnitee, the Company shall indemnify, and, subject
to Section 26 hereof, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time
to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights
set forth in the other Sections of this Agreement.

4. Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of
the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled
to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he is, was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter
therein, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company,
and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; provided, in no event shall
Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional
misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless
or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

5. Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled
to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.
Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding if he acted
in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding which is settled
or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, was brought or is pending, shall determine,
upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and Expenses
as the court deems proper.

3

6. Indemnification for Expenses of Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party
to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses (and, when eligible
hereunder, amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee
is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims,
issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amount
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue
or matter. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited
to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express
finding of liability or guilt against him, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding
without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness
in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection
therewith.

8. Advancement of Expenses and Other Amounts.

Subject to Section 26 hereof,
the Company shall advance all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement, incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement
or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such
Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement, incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by an agreement by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay
any Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement.
In connection with any request for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall
not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize
attorney-client privilege. The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement in connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee
pleads guilty or is convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured
and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and without regard to Indemnitees
ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.

4

9. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

9.1 To obtain indemnification
under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written
request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably
necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly
upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

9.2 Upon written request by
Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees
entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee
shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case in the manner provided for in clauses (ii)
or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change of
Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested
Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the
Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which
shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of shareholders
who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such
proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect
to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which
indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be
made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable
advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements)
incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective
of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee
harmless therefrom.

9.3 If a Change of Control
shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made
by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity
of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven days after such
written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to
such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the
factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel
unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written
request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either
the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution of any objection which shall have been made
by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of
a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection
is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this
Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the
manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant
to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity
(subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

5

10. Presumptions and Effects of Certain Proceedings.

10.1 In making a determination
with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear and convincing
evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the
failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has
not met the applicable standard of conduct.

10.2 If the person, persons
or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall
not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i)
a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not
materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if
the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional
time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing
provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders
pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination
the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held
within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15
days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having
been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholders determination will
be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall
afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any Company
proxy statement relating to such shareholders determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law, the
Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse
the Indemnitee.

6

10.3 The termination of any
Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or
its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee
to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause
to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

10.4 For purposes of this
Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
was unlawful, if his action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise, including financial
statements, (ii) information supplied to him by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of their duties, (iii)
the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant or an appraiser or
other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in
this Section shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which
the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent. The provisions
of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed
to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.4 are satisfied,
it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe
Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of
persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

10.5 The knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of
the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

7

11. Remedies of Indemnitee.

11.1 In the event that (i)
a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement,
(ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of indemnification is
to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have been made and delivered
in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification
is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor,
or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be
entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of New York, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of his
entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid
in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2 In the event that a determination
shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding
commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced
by reason of that adverse determination.

11.3 If a determination shall
have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading,
in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

11.4 The Company shall be
precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement
are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

11.5 In the event that Indemnitee,
pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any
other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision of the Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors and officers
liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified
by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by
him in such judicial adjudication, but only if he prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication that Indemnitee
is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in
connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee,
advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.

8

12. Procedure Regarding Indemnification.

With respect to any Proceedings,
the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed
in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the
written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate
in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall
assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense
of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitees
choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel
has been authorized in writing by the Company, or (ii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to
him which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right
to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), in either of which events the fees and expenses of not more than
one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnitee shall be borne by the Company. If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding,
then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send
to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding
without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall
be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof.

13. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation;
Contribution.

13.1 The rights of indemnification
and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee
may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any
agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or
any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law and the Companys Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically
be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the
Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive
of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

13.2 To the extent that the
Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries
of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person
serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to
the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies.
If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness,
deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice
of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding
in accordance with the terms of such policies.

9

13.3 In the event of any payment
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who
shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably
necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

13.4 The Company shall not
be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has
otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

13.5 If a determination is
made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under this Agreement, then
in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one
hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts
paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the
Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in
settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by pro
rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations. The determination
as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of both the
Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court); (ii) the
Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not obtainable
for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

14. Duration of Agreement.

This Agreement shall continue
until and terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director and/or
officer of the Company, or (b) the final termination of all pending Proceedings in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification
or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement hereunder and or any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure
to the benefit of Indemnitee and his spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company shall require
and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a
substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place.

10

15. Severability.

If any provision or provisions
of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary
to conform to applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and to give the
maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

16. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements,
understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the
Prior Agreements); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever,
and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements;
(ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and
(iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided
under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, a vote of shareholders or resolution
of directors.

17. Exception to Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses.

17.1 Except as provided in
Section 11.5, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by him against the Company.

17.2 Indemnitee shall not
be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or Company similar successor
statute.

11

18. Covenant Not to Sue; Limitation of Actions; Release of Claims.

No legal action shall be brought
and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, his spouse,
heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause
of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless
asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. Identical Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement.

20. Headings.

The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction
thereof.

21. Modification and Waiver.

No supplement, modification
or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such
waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. Notice by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees promptly
to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document
relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts
paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company
to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee
coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the
Company.

12

23. Notices.

All notices, requests, demands
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted
for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with
postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

If to Indemnitee, to:

c/o Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

If to the Company, to:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

or to such other address or such other person
as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices
shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. Governing Law.

The parties agree that this
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts
made and performed in that state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts within the State for all purposes
in connection with any action or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any action instituted under
this Agreement shall be brought only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State
court within that District.

13

25. Mutual Acknowledgment.

Both the Company and Indemnitee
acknowledge that, in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors
and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required
in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of indemnification
to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

26. Waiver of Claims to Trust Account.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim)
in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of
the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the
Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates a Business
Combination.

27. Miscellaneous.

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Cameron Richard Johnson

Cameron Richard Johnson

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>