<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001784535-25-000027.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001784535-25-000027.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408172058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001784535-25-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Porch Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001784535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				832587663
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39142
		FILM NUMBER:		25823001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 1ST AVENUE S., SUITE 501
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(855) 767-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 1ST AVENUE S., SUITE 501
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PropTech Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190805
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>prch-20250404.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?prch-20250404

false000178453500017845352025-04-042025-04-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):April 4, 2025

PORCH GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39142 83-2587663

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

411 1st Avenue S., Suite 501 

Seattle, Washington 98104

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(855) 767-2400

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 PRCH The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

2025 Long-Term Incentive Program

On April 4, 2025, the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee) of the Board of Directors of Porch Group, Inc. (the Company) approved the 2025 long-term incentive program for the Companys executive officers (Matthew Ehrlichman, Chief Executive Officer; Shawn Tabak, Chief Financial Officer; and Matthew Neagle, Chief Operating Officer). For the 2025 long-term incentive program, 75% of the grant value was issued in performance-based restricted stock units at target (PRSUs) and 25% of the grant value was issued in restricted stock units (RSUs). As of the April 4, 2025 grant date, the Compensation Committee granted the following equity awards under the 2025 long-term incentive plan to the executive officers:

Mr. Ehrlichman, with an aggregate grant value of $6,950,000, consisting of 1,030,016 PRSUs with a target grant value of $5,212,500 and 343,339 RSUs with a grant value of $1,737,500.

Mr. Tabak with an aggregate grant value of $1,000,000, consisting of 148,204 PRSUs with a target grant value of $750,000 and 49,401 RSUs with a grant value of $250,000.

Mr. Neagle with an aggregate grant value of $3,100,000, consisting of 459,432 PRSUs with a target grant value of $2,325,000 and 153,144 RSUs with a grant value of $775,000.

The grant values were denominated in PRSUs and RSUs based on the 60-trading day volume-weighted average price of a share of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock) ending on March 31, 2025.

The PRSU and RSU awards were granted subject to the PRSU and RSU award agreements approved by the Compensation Committee on April 4, 2025 (the PRSU Award Agreement, and RSU Award Agreement, respectively), and the Companys 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Each PRSU and RSU represents the right to receive one share of Common Stock, subject to the time-based vesting conditions and, for each PRSU, achievement of specified performance goals, respectively, as well as the individuals continued employment or service with the Company as contemplated in the applicable award agreement and the terms of their respective employment agreements. The foregoing description of each award agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of PRSU Award Agreement and Form of RSU Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

2025 PRSU Awards

The PRSU awards are subject to the following three distinct performance metrics:

Relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR) (33.3% weighting at target): The rTSR PRSUs are earned based on the Companys total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return of companies in the S&P SmallCap 600 Index, as a percentile rank, over a performance period beginning on April 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2027. 

Adjusted EBITDA (33.3% weighting at target): The Adjusted EBITDA PRSUs are earned based on the Companys achievement of Adjusted EBITDA in the year ending December 31, 2027 compared to specified performance goals.

Revenue (33.3% weighting at target): The Revenue PRSUs are earned based on the Companys achievement of Revenue in the year ending December 31, 2027 compared to specified performance goals.

The performance goals and actual results for the 2025 PRSUs may be further adjusted based on an objective adjustment policy approved by the Compensation Committee. 

The payout for each performance metric will be independently determined based on the achievement of threshold, target and maximum performance goals corresponding to a 50%, 100% and 200% payout, respectively, of the target PRSUs, with linear interpolation in-between. For the rTSR PRSUs, no payout will be earned above 100% unless the Company achieves a positive absolute total stockholder return over the applicable performance period. 

To motivate exceptional Company financial and stock performance that is aligned with stockholder value creation, the Compensation Committee determined that the Adjusted EBITDA PRSUs and rTSR PRSUs in 2025 will have additional 

performance goals, with independently determined payouts for each metric at 350% and 500% of the target PRSUs, with no linear interpolation above the 200% payout.

The PRSUs will vest as of the earlier of April 4, 2028 and the date that the PRSU achievement is determined by the Compensation Committee.

2025 RSU Awards

The RSU awards will vest over a four-year period, with 25% vesting on April 4, 2026, and one-sixth of the remaining RSUs vesting every six months over the remaining 36 months.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1# 

Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement

10.2# 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PORCH GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ Matthew Cullen

Name: Matthew Cullen

Title: General Counsel and Secretary

Date: April 8, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>prch-20250408xex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

PORCH GROUP, INC.

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD NOTICE AND AGREEMENT

(2020 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN)

Porch Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company, which term shall include any other successor in interest to the Company, if applicable), hereby grants to the individual named below (the Holder) as of the grant date set forth below (the Grant Date) pursuant to the provisions of the Porch Group, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan), a performance-based restricted stock unit (PRSU) award (the Award) with respect to the number of PRSUs set forth below, upon and subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth below in this Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement) and in the Plan. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan.

1.Notice of PRSU Award. Holder: [ ]

Grant Date: [ ]

Number of Target PRSUs in the Award: [ ] 

Maximum Number of PRSUs *: [ ]

* The actual number of PRSUs that may be earned and vested pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Award will be between 0% and 400% of the Target PRSUs. The Maximum Number of PRSUs represents 400% of the Target PRSUs.

2.Award Subject to Acceptance of Agreement. The Award shall be null and void unless, on or prior to 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on the 90th calendar day following the Grant Date, the Holder accepts this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement on the Companys third-party stock plan administrators platform. The Holder also hereby agrees to abide by all administrative procedures established by the Company or its stock plan administrator.

3.Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, until and if shares of Common Stock are issued in settlement of earned and vested PRSUs, the Holder shall not have any rights of a stockholder (including voting and dividend rights) in respect of the Common Stock underlying the PRSUs.

4.Vesting.

4.1Determination Date. The calculation of the achievement of such performance goals set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement (based on the methodology set forth therein and, in the Plan,) shall be finalized as appropriate by the Chief Financial Officer (or person having similar duties) using, as applicable, the financial results audited by the Companys independent registered public accounting firm and presented to the Committee in advance of its determination of earned PRSUs. Whether and the extent to which PRSUs are earned with respect to a specific performance goal shall be determined by the Committee within 30 days following

Exhibit 10.1

the public issuance of the Companys financial results audited by the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the applicable Performance Period (the DeterminationDate). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may establish a different Determination Date for each performance goal set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement.

4.2Vesting Conditions. Except as otherwise provided in any written employment, offer letter, severance, change in control, or similar agreement between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and Holder that is effective as of the applicable event (each, a RelatedAgreement), the Award shall be earned and vest in accordance with Exhibit A to this Agreement.

4.3Termination of Employment. The earning and/or vesting of unvested PRSUs under this Section 4.3 or Section 4.4(a) hereof is conditioned upon the Holder signing and delivering to the Company, and there becoming irrevocable, within 60 days after the date of such employment termination, a general release of claims (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company) by which the Holder releases the Company, its Subsidiaries and their affiliated entities and individuals from any and all claims, including claims arising from the Holders employment by, and termination of employment with, the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries, in consideration for the receipt and earning and/or vesting of the PRSUs. Any PRSUs that would have otherwise earned and/or vested under this Section 4.3 or Section 4.4(a) hereof shall be forfeited if the general release does not become effective and irrevocable on or before the 60th day following the Holders termination of employment.

(a)Termination without Cause or for Good Reason. If the Holders employment with the Company or any Subsidiary terminates by reason of the Companys termination of the Holders employment without Cause or as a result of the Holders resignation for Good Reason prior to the end of the Achievement Period, then the Award will remain outstanding and vest when it is earned in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in ExhibitA excluding the provision requiring continued employment or service during the Achievement Period and shall be settled pursuant to Section 5 hereof; provided that such vesting date shall be no earlier than the 61st day following the Holders termination of employment.

(1)Cause shall have the meaning set forth in any Related Agreement or, if no such Related Agreement defines such term, Cause shall mean: (v) the Holders conviction or plea of no contest to a felony; (w) the Holders willful malfeasance or gross misconduct in connection with the Holders employment; (x) a substantial, willful and continual refusal by the Holder to perform the duties, responsibilities or obligations assigned to the Holder by the Company or applicable Subsidiary, following receipt of written notice of such deficiency from the Company or applicable Subsidiary; (y) the Holders material failure to fully cooperate with a regulatory investigation involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates; or (z) any one or more acts by the Holder of dishonesty, theft, larceny, embezzlement or fraud from or with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate.

(2)Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in any Related Agreement or, if no such Related Agreement defines such term, Good Reason shall

2

Exhibit 10.1

mean the occurrence of any of the following events, without the Holders written consent: (i) material diminution in the Holders base salary or annual target incentive opportunity (unless the base salary or annual target incentive opportunity, as applicable, is similarly reduced for other employees of a similar level of authority or title); (ii) material diminution in the Holders authority or duties; (iii) a requirement by the Company or applicable Subsidiary that the Holder be based more than 50 miles from the Holders office location as of the date of this Agreement (or from such other office to which the Holder later agrees to move), excluding any new location closer to the Holders residence, any temporary assignment, and ordinary business travel; or (iv) material breach by the Company or applicable Subsidiary of any provision of this Agreement or any Related Agreement entered into with the Holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the events described above shall constitute Good Reason unless the Holder first provides the Company or applicable Subsidiary with written notice of the event within 30 days of the events occurrence and a period of 30 days from such notice to cure such event, and further provided that the Holder must terminate employment within 60 days following the end of the cure period.

(b)Other Termination. Except as provided in Section 4.3(a) or Section

4.4hereof, if the Holders employment with the Company or any Subsidiary terminates for any reason, then the portion of the Award that was not earned and vested immediately prior to such termination of employment shall be immediately forfeited by the Holder and cancelled by the Company.

1.4Change in Control. Except as otherwise provided in any Related Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control (with definitions of Cause and Good Reason to be amended by substituting the Company with the surviving entity or other successor in interest to the Company) and:

(a)the Award is assumed or reasonably substituted on an equitable basis to the Holder by the surviving entity or other successor in interest to the Company as of the Change in Control, any earned portion of the Award (in which the stock price hurdles set forth in the Vesting Schedule were achieved, including the Change in Control date based on the Fair Market Value of each share of Common Stock sold in such Change in Control) will remain issued and outstanding as restricted stock units (RSUs), subject to a vesting period commencing on the closing date of such Change in Control (the Closing Date) and ending on the earlier of (a) the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date or (b) the 61st day following such date the Holders employment is terminated without Cause or the Holder resigns the Holders employment for Good Reason. If the Holders employment is terminated prior to the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date for any reason other than as set forth in clause (b), then the full Award shall be immediately forfeited by the Holder and cancelled by the Company or the surviving entity or other successor in interest to the Company.

(b)the Award is not assumed or reasonably substituted on an equitable basis to the Holder by the surviving entity or other successor in interest to the Company as of the Change in Control, the Award shall fully be earned and vest immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control and the Holder shall receive a cash payment, at closing of the of the Change in Control transaction, for each earned and vested PRSU equal to the acquisition price per share of Common Stock, less any withholding taxes thereon (as described

3

Exhibit 10.1

in Section 7.2 hereof).

5.Settlement of PRSUs. Subject to the withholding tax provisions of Section 7.2 hereof, within 45 days after the date upon which a PRSU becomes earned and vested in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, the Company shall issue to the vested Holder one share of Common Stock per each vested PRSU; provided, however, if earned PRSUs vest in accordance with Section 4.4(a) hereof, the Company (or a successor thereto) shall issue to the Holder such shares of Common Stock or common stock of the successor having approximately equivalent value (and references herein to Common Stock issued on vesting shall include such successor common stock, if applicable), or the cash equivalent of such shares of Common Stock or common stock if neither security is listed on a U.S. national securities exchange (including Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that (i) the Holder is otherwise prohibited from selling Common Stock in the public market (including Nasdaq or other national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed) when any Common Stock underlying the PRSUs are scheduled to be delivered on a settlement date (the Original SettlementDate) due to (w) applicable law (including Section 6.2 hereof), (x) the rules related to a blackout period declared by the Company under an insider trading policy or similar policy, (y) any agreed to lock-up arrangement, or (z) other similar circumstance and (ii) the Company elects not to satisfy the Holders tax withholding obligations by withholding Common Stock from the Holders distribution, then such Common Stock shall not be delivered on such Original Settlement Date and shall instead be delivered, as applicable, on (x) the first business day of the next occurring open window period applicable to the Holder as determined by the Company, or (y) the next business day on which the Holder is not otherwise prohibited from selling Common Stock in such public market, but in no event later than March 15th of year following the year in which the PRSUs vest.

6.Transfer Restrictions and Securities Laws Representation.

6.1Non-transferability

(a)Non-transferability of Award. Prior to an Award being earned and vested, this Award and the underlying PRSUs may not be offered, sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or otherwise disposed of (whether by operation of law or otherwise) or be subject to execution, attachment or similar process (collectively, Transfer or Transferred), other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to beneficiary designation procedures approved by the Company; provided, however, that any transferred Award or underlying PRSUs so permitted will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions as provided in the Plan and this Agreement and the Holders estate or beneficiary appointed shall remain liable for any withholding tax that may be imposed by any federal, state or local tax authority. Upon any attempt to so offer, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of the PRSUs, the Award and underlying PRSUs and all rights hereunder shall immediately become null and void.

4

Exhibit 10.1

(b)Certain Trusts. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, the Award may be transferred to a trust if the Holder is considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the Award is held in the trust, provided that Holder and the trustee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company.

(c)Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that Holder and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, Holder may transfer the Award or Holders right to receive the distribution of Common Stock or other consideration thereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. Holder is encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of the Award with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order.

6.2Investment Representation. The Holder hereby represents and covenants that: (a) any shares of Common Stock acquired upon the earning and vesting of the Award will be acquired for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), unless such acquisition has been registered under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws; (b) any subsequent sale of any such shares shall be made either pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and such state securities laws; and (c) if requested by the Company, the Holder shall submit a written statement, in form satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such representations (x) are true and correct as of the date of earning and vesting of any shares of Common Stock hereunder or (y) are true and correct as of the date of any sale of any such shares, as applicable. As a further condition precedent to the delivery to the Holder of any shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, the Holder shall comply with all regulations and requirements of any regulatory authority having control of or supervision over the issuance or delivery of the shares and, in connection therewith, shall execute any documents which the Board or the Committee shall in its sole discretion deem necessary or advisable.

7.Additional Terms and Conditions of Award.

7.1Clawback. The Holder agrees to be subject to any clawback or other comparable policies adopted by the Board or any of its committees to the extent adopted at a time when Holder was employed by the Company.

7.2Withholding Taxes. As a condition precedent to the delivery of the Common Stock, the Holder shall, upon request by the Company, pay to the Company such amount as the Company may be required, under all applicable federal, state, local or other laws or regulations, to withhold and pay over as income or other withholding taxes (the Required TaxPayments) with respect to the Award. If the Holder shall fail to advance the Required Tax Payments after request by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Required Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Holder. The Holder may elect to satisfy his or her obligation to advance the Required Tax Payments by any of the following means: (i) if permitted by the Company, a cash payment to the Company; (ii) if permitted by the 

5

Exhibit 10.1

Company, delivery to the Company (either actual delivery or by attestation procedures established by the Company) of previously owned whole shares of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value, determined as of the date on which such withholding obligation arises (the Tax Date), equal to the Required Tax Payments; (iii) if permitted by the Company, authorizing the Company to withhold whole shares of Common Stock which would otherwise be delivered to the Holder having an aggregate Fair Market Value, determined as of the Tax Date, equal to the Required Tax Payments; (iv) to the extent permitted by applicable law, a cash payment by a broker-dealer acceptable to the Company to whom the Holder has submitted an irrevocable notice of same-day sale; or (v) any combination of (i), (ii) or (iii). Shares of Common Stock to be delivered or withheld may not have a Fair Market Value in excess of the minimum amount of the Required Tax Payments (or such higher withholding amount permitted by the Committee and which does not result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company). Any fraction of a share of Common Stock which would be required to satisfy any such obligation shall be disregarded and the remaining amount due shall be paid in cash by the Holder. No share of Common Stock or certificate representing a share of Common Stock shall be delivered until the Required Tax Payments have been satisfied in full. Any determination by the Company with respect to the tendering or withholding of shares of Common Stock to satisfy the Required Tax Payments shall be made by the Committee if the Holder is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

7.3Adjustment. In the event of any equity restructuring (within the meaning of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation, or the equivalent standard) that causes the per share value of shares of Common Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering or recapitalization through an extraordinary dividend, the terms of this Award, including the number and class of securities subject hereto, shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee, and such adjustment shall be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. In the event of any other change in corporate capitalization, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or partial or complete liquidation of the Company, such equitable adjustments described in the foregoing sentence may be made as determined to be appropriate and equitable by the Committee (or, if the Company is not the surviving corporation in any such transaction, the board of directors of the surviving corporation) to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights of the Holder. The decision of the Committee regarding any such adjustment shall be final, binding and conclusive.

7.4Compliance with Applicable Law. The Award is subject to the condition that if the listing, registration or qualification of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award upon any securities exchange or under any law, or the consent or approval of any governmental body, or the taking of any other action is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the vesting or delivery of shares hereunder, the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award shall not vest or be delivered, in whole or in part, unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or other action shall have been effected or obtained, free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company agrees to use reasonable efforts to effect or obtain any such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or other action.

6

Exhibit 10.1

7.5Award Confers No Rights to Continued Employment or Service. In no event shall the granting of the Award or its acceptance by the Holder, or any provision of the Agreement or the Plan, give or be deemed to give the Holder any right to continued employment, or in the case of a consultant or director, any right to continued service by the Company, any Subsidiary or any affiliate of the Company or affect in any manner the right of the Company, any Subsidiary or any affiliate of the Company to terminate the employment or service, respectively, of any person at any time.

7.6Decisions of Board or Committee. The Board or the Committee shall have the right to resolve all questions which may arise in connection with the Award. Any interpretation, determination or other action made or taken by the Board or the Committee regarding the Plan or this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive.

7.7Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Holder, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan.

7.8Notices. All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made, if to the Company, to Porch Group, Inc., Attn: Stock Plan Administrator, 411 1st Avenue South, Suite 501, Seattle, Washington 98104; stock@porch.com, and if to the Holder, to the last known mailing address of the Holder contained in the records of the Company. All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made in writing either (a) by personal delivery, (b) by facsimile or electronic mail with confirmation of receipt, (c) by mailing in the United States mails or (d) by express courier service. The notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon personal delivery, upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile or electronic mail transmission or upon receipt by the party entitled thereto if by United States mail or express courier service; provided, however, that if a notice, request or other communication sent to the Company is not received during regular business hours, it shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding business day of the Company.

7.9Governing Law; Personal Jurisdiction. This Agreement, the Award and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto and thereto, to the extent not governed by the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and construed in accordance therewith without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. The Holder hereby consents to personal jurisdiction in any action brought in any court, federal or state, within the State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction in the matter.

7.10Agreement Subject to the Plan. This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan and shall be interpreted in accordance therewith. In the event that the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan conflict, the Plan shall control. The Holder hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan.

7.11Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof.

7

Exhibit 10.1

7.12Partial Invalidity; Headings. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement by a court of law of competent jurisdiction shall not affect the other provisions hereof and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein, and such provision or part thereof shall be reformed or construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible. Headings are for convenience only and are not deemed to be part of this Agreement.

7.13Amendment and Waiver. The Company may amend the provisions of this Agreement at any time; provided that an amendment that would materially impair the Holders rights under this Agreement shall be subject to the written consent of the Holder. No course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement. Waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement or failure to exercise any right hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or right whether or not of the same or a similar nature.

7.14Code Section 409A. It is intended that this Award be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner which effectuates such intent; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or any Subsidiary be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty imposed upon or other damage suffered by the Holder on account of this Award being subject to but not in compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

7.15Section 280G of the Code.

(a)To the extent that the Holder would otherwise be eligible to receive a payment or benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, any Related Agreement or otherwise in connection with, or arising out of, the Holders employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or of a substantial portion of its assets (any such payment or benefit, a Parachute Payment), that a nationally recognized United States public accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accountants) determines, but for this sentence would be subject to excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), subject to clause (c) below, then the Company shall pay to the Holder whichever of the following two alternative forms of payment would result in the Holders receipt, on an after- tax basis, of the greater amount of the Parachute Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Parachute Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax: (1) payment in full of the entire amount of the Parachute Payment (a Full Payment), or (2) payment of only a part of the Parachute Payment so that the Holder receives the largest payment possible without the imposition of the Excise Tax (a Reduced Payment).

(b)If a Reduced Payment is necessary pursuant to clause (a), then the reduction shall occur in the following order: (1) cancellation of acceleration of vesting on any equity awards for which the exercise price exceeds the then fair market value of the underlying equity; (2) reduction of cash payments (with such reduction being applied to the payments in the reverse order in which they would otherwise be made, that is, later payments shall be reduced before earlier payments); and (3) cancellation of acceleration of vesting of equity awards not covered under (1) above; provided, however, that in the event that acceleration of vesting of 

8

Exhibit 10.1

equity awards is to be cancelled, acceleration of vesting of full value awards shall be cancelled before acceleration of options and stock appreciation rights and within each class such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the grant date of such equity awards, that is, later equity awards shall be canceled before earlier equity awards; and provided, further, that to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, if a different reduction procedure would be permitted without violating Section 409A of the Code or losing the benefit of the reduction under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code, the Holder may designate a different order of reduction.

(c)For purposes of determining whether any of the Parachute Payments (collectively the Total Payments) will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) the Total Payments shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all parachute payments in excess of the base amount (as defined under Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax, unless and except to the extent that, in the opinion of the Accountants, such Total Payments (in whole or in part): (1) do not constitute parachute payments, including giving effect to the recalculation of stock options in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 33; (2) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of the base amount or (3) are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and

(ii) the value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Accountants in accordance with the principles of Section 280G of the Code.

(d)All determinations hereunder shall be made by the Accountants, which determinations shall be final and binding upon the Company and the Holder.

(e)The federal tax returns filed by the Holder (and any filing made by a consolidated tax group which includes the Company) shall be prepared and filed on a basis consistent with the determination of the Accountants with respect to the Excise Tax payable by the Holder. The Holder shall make proper payment of the amount of any Excise Tax, and at the request of the Company, provide to the Company true and correct copies (with any amendments) of his or her federal income tax return as filed with the Internal Revenue Service, and such other documents reasonably requested by the Company, evidencing such payment (provided that the Holder may delete information unrelated to the Parachute Payment or Excise Tax and provided, further that the Company at all times shall treat such returns as confidential and use such return only for purpose contemplated by this paragraph).

(f)In the event of any controversy with the Internal Revenue Service (or other taxing authority) with regard to the Excise Tax, the Holder shall permit the Company to control issues related to the Excise Tax (at its expense), provided that such issues do not potentially materially adversely affect the Holder, and the Holder shall control any other issues. In the event that the issues are interrelated, the Holder and the Company shall in good faith cooperate so as not to jeopardize resolution of either issue. In the event of any conference with any taxing authority as to the Excise Tax or associated income taxes, the Holder shall permit the representative of the Company to accompany the Holder, and the Holder and his representative shall cooperate with the Company and its representative.

9

Exhibit 10.1

(g)The Company shall be responsible for all charges of the

Accountants.

(h)The Company and the Holder shall promptly deliver to each other

copies of any written communications, and summaries of any verbal communications, with any taxing authority regarding the Excise Tax covered by this Section 7.15.

(i)Nothing in this Section 7.15 is intended to violate the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 and to the extent that any advance or repayment obligation hereunder would do so, such obligation shall be modified so as to make the advance a nonrefundable payment to the Holder and the repayment obligation null and void.

(j)Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment or reimbursement made pursuant to this Section 7.15 shall be paid to the Holder promptly and in no event later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the related tax is paid by the Holder or where no taxes are required to be remitted, the end of the Holders calendar year following the Holders calendar year in which the audit is completed or there is a final and nonappealable settlement or other resolution of the litigation.

(k)The provisions of this Section 7.15 shall survive the termination of the Holders employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary for any reason and the termination of the Agreement.

7.16Data Privacy Notice.

(a)Holder hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Holders personal data as described in this Agreement and any other PRSU grant materials by the Company and its Subsidiaries is necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing Holders participation in the Plan. The Holder authorizes, agrees and unambiguously consents to the transmission by the Company and its Subsidiaries of any personal data information related to this Award for legitimate business purposes (including, without limitation, the administration of the Plan). This authorization and consent is freely given by the Holder.

(b)Holder understands that the Company and its Subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about Holder, including, but not limited to, Holders name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security, insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, details of all PRSUs or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Holders favor (Data), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.

(c)Holder understands that Data will be transferred to E*TRADE, or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Holder understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than 

10

Exhibit 10.1

Holders country. Holder understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company in the future and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Holder understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Holders participation in the Plan plus any required period thereafter for purposes of complying with data retention policies and procedures. Holder understands that based on where s/he resides, s/he may have additional rights with respect to personal data collected, used, or transferred in connection with this Agreement or any other PRSU grant materials by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and Holder may contact in writing his or her local human resources representative.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>prch-20250408xex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

PORCH GROUP, INC.

2020 Stock Incentive Plan

Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice

[Name of Holder]

You have been awarded a restricted stock unit award with respect to shares of common stock of Porch Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Porch Group, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (together with this Award Notice, the Agreement). Copies of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement are attached hereto.

Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan or the Agreement.

Restricted Stock Units: You have been awarded a restricted stock unit award with respect to

the number of shares of Common Stock listed below, par value $0.0001 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7.2 of the Agreement.

Number of Shares: [_____________]

Grant Date: [_____________]

Award Subject to

Acceptance: This award shall be null and void unless accepted by 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on [____________]

Vesting

Commencement Date: [_____________]

Vesting Schedule: Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Agreement or any other agreement between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and you, the Award shall vest in a 25% increment on the one-year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date and six-month equal increments thereafter through the fourth-anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date (each such date, a Vesting Date); provided that you are, and have been, continuously (except for any absence for vacation, leave, etc. in accordance with the Company's or its Subsidiaries' policies): (x) employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (y) serving as a Non-Employee Director or (z) providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as an advisor or consultant, in each case, from the date of this Agreement through and including the applicable Vesting Date.

PORCH GROUP, INC.

By: Name:

Title:

Exhibit 10.2

PORCH GROUP, INC.

2020 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Porch Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby grants to the

individual (the Holder) named in the award notice attached hereto (the Award Notice) as of the date set forth in the Award Notice (the Grant Date), pursuant to the provisions of the Porch Group, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan), a restricted stock unit award (the Award) with respect to the number of shares of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per

share (Stock) set forth in the Award Notice, upon and subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this agreement (the Agreement). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan.

1.Award Subject to Acceptance of Agreement. The Award shall be null and void unless, on or prior to 11:59 p.m. Pacific Time on the 90th calendar day following the Grant Date, the Holder (a) accepts this Agreement by executing the Award Notice in the space provided therefor and returning an original execution copy of the Award Notice to the Company (or electronically accepts this Agreement within the Holders stock plan account with the Companys stock plan administrator according to the procedures then in effect) and (b) agrees to abide by all administrative procedures established by the Company or its stock plan administrator, including any procedures requiring the Holder to notify the Company of any proposed sale of any Stock acquired upon the vesting of this Award.

2.No Rights as a Stockholder. The Holder shall not be entitled to any privileges of ownership with respect to the shares of Stock subject to the Award unless and until, and only to the extent, such shares become vested pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the Holder becomes a stockholder of record with respect to such shares.

3.Restriction Period and Vesting.

3.1.Service-Based Vesting Condition. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the Award shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Notice if, and only if, the Holder is, and has been, continuously (except for any absence for vacation, leave, etc. in accordance with the Company's or its Subsidiaries' policies): (i) employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) serving as a Non-Employee Director or (iii) providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as an advisor or consultant, in each case, from the date of this Agreement through and including the applicable Vesting Date specified in the Award Notice. The period of time prior to the vesting shall be referred to herein as the Restriction Period.

3.2.Termination of Employment due to Death or Disability. If the Holders employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Restriction Period by reason of the Holders death or termination by the Company due to Disability, then in any such case, 100% of the unvested portion of the Award shall be vested upon such termination of employment. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means Holders inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) of the Code.

Exhibit 10.2

3.3.Termination Prior to the Expiration of the Restriction Period other thandue to Death or Disability. If the Holders employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Restriction Period for any reason other than death or termination by the Company due to Disability, then the portion of the Award that was not vested immediately prior to such termination of employment shall be immediately forfeited by the Holder and cancelled by the Company.

3.4.Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, the Award shall be subject to Section 5(h) of the Plan.

4.Issuance or Delivery of Shares. As soon as practicable (but no later than thirty (30) days) after the vesting of the Award, the Company shall issue or deliver, subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the vested shares of Stock to the Holder. Such issuance or delivery shall be evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. The Company shall pay all original issue or transfer taxes and all fees and expenses incident to such issuance or delivery, except as otherwise provided in Section

7. Prior to the issuance to the Holder of the shares of Stock subject to the Award, the Holder shall have no direct or secured claim in any specific assets of the Company or in such shares of Stock, and will have the status of a general unsecured creditor of the Company.

5.Compliance with Restrictive Covenants and Clawback.

(a)Clawback of Proceeds. If Holder violates any agreement between Holder and the Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to non-competition and non-solicitation: (i) the Award shall be forfeited and (ii) the Holder shall immediately remit a cash payment to the Company equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date on which the Company first became aware of such violation or the date of Holders termination of employment, whichever is greater, multiplied by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock that vested with respect to the Award. The remedy provided by this Section 5 shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any rights or remedies which the Company may have against the Holder in respect of a breach by the Holder of any duty or obligation to the Company.

(b)Right of Setoff. The Holder agrees that by accepting the Award Notice the Holder authorizes the Company and its affiliates to deduct any amount or amounts owed by the Holder pursuant to this Section 5 from any amounts payable by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliate to the Holder, including, without limitation, any amount payable to the Holder as salary, wages, vacation pay, bonus or the settlement of the Award or any stock-based award. This right of setoff shall not be an exclusive remedy and the Companys or an affiliates election not to exercise this right of setoff with respect to any amount payable to the Holder shall not constitute a waiver of this right of setoff with respect to any other amount payable to the Holder or any other remedy.

6.Transfer Restrictions and Investment Representation.

6.1.Nontransferability of Award. During the Restriction Period, the Award may not be offered, sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or otherwise disposed of (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by the Holder or be subject to execution, attachment or similar process other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to beneficiary designation procedures approved by the Company. Any 

Exhibit 10.2

attempt to so sell, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of such shares shall be null and void.

6.2.Investment Representation. The Holder hereby represents and covenants that (a) any share of Stock acquired upon the vesting of the Award will be acquired for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), unless such acquisition has been registered under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws; (b) any subsequent sale of any such shares shall be made either pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and such state securities laws; and (c) if requested by the Company, the Holder shall submit a written statement, in form satisfactory to the Company, to

the effect that such representation (x) is true and correct as of the date of vesting of any shares of Stock hereunder or (y) is true and correct as of the date of any sale of any such share, as applicable. As a further condition precedent to the delivery to the Holder of any shares of Stock subject to the Award, the Holder shall comply with all regulations and requirements of any regulatory authority having control of or supervision over the issuance or delivery of the shares and, in connection therewith, shall execute any documents which the Board shall in its sole discretion deem necessary or advisable.

7.Additional Terms and Conditions of Award.

7.1.Withholding Taxes. (a) As a condition precedent to the issuance or delivery of the Stock upon the vesting of the Award, the Holder shall, upon request by the Company, pay to the Company such amount as the Company may be required, under all applicable federal, state, local or other laws or regulations, to withhold and pay over as income or other withholding taxes (the Required Tax Payments) with respect to the Award. If the Holder shall fail to advance the Required Tax Payments after request by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Required Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Holder.

(b) The Holder may elect to satisfy his or her obligation to advance the Required Tax Payments by any of the following means: (1) if permitted by the Company, a cash payment to the Company; (2) if permitted by the Company, delivery to the Company (either actual delivery or by attestation procedures established by the Company) of previously owned whole shares of Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value, determined as of the date on

which such withholding obligation arises (the Tax Date), equal to the Required Tax Payments;

(3) if permitted by the Company, authorizing the Company to withhold whole shares of Stock which would otherwise be delivered to the Holder having an aggregate Fair Market Value, determined as of the Tax Date, equal to the Required Tax Payments; (4) to the extent permitted by applicable law, a cash payment by a broker-dealer acceptable to the Company to whom the participant has submitted an irrevocable notice of same-day sale or (5) any combination of (1), (2), (3) and (4). Shares of Stock to be delivered or withheld may not have a Fair Market Value in excess of the minimum amount of the Required Tax Payments (or such higher withholding amount permitted by the Committee). Any fraction of a share of Stock which would be required to satisfy any such obligation shall be disregarded and the remaining amount due shall be paid in cash by the Holder. No share of Stock or certificate representing a share of Stock shall be delivered until the Required Tax Payments have been satisfied in full. Any determination by the Company with respect to the tendering or withholding of shares of Stock to satisfy the Required 

Exhibit 10.2

Tax Payments shall be made by the Committee if the Holder is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

7.2.Adjustment. In the event of any equity restructuring (within the meaning of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation) that causes the per share value of shares of Stock to change, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spinoff, rights offering or recapitalization through an extraordinary dividend, the terms of this Award, including the number and class of securities subject hereto, shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee. In the event of any other change in corporate capitalization, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or partial or complete liquidation of the Company, such equitable adjustments described in the foregoing sentence may be made as determined to be appropriate and equitable by the Committee to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights of the Holder. The decision of the Committee regarding any such adjustment shall be final, binding and conclusive.

7.3.Compliance with Applicable Law. The Award is subject to the condition that if the listing, registration or qualification of the shares of Stock subject to the Award upon any securities exchange or under any law, or the consent or approval of any governmental body, or the taking of any other action is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the vesting or delivery of shares hereunder, the shares of Stock subject to the Award shall not vest or be delivered, in whole or in part, unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or other action shall have been effected or obtained, free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company agrees to use reasonable efforts to effect or obtain any such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or other action.

7.4.Award Confers No Rights to Continued Employment. In no event shall the granting of the Award or its acceptance by the Holder, or any provision of the Agreement or the Plan, give or be deemed to give the Holder any right to continued employment by the Company, any Subsidiary or any affiliate of the Company or affect in any manner the right of the Company, any Subsidiary or any affiliate of the Company to terminate the employment of any person at any time.

7.5.Decisions of Board or Committee. The Board or the Committee shall have the right to resolve all questions which may arise in connection with the Award. Any interpretation, determination or other action made or taken by the Board or the Committee regarding the Plan or this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive.

7.6.Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Holder, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan.

7.7.Taxation. The Holder understands that the Holder is solely responsible for all tax consequences to the Holder in connection with this Award. The Holder represents that the Holder has consulted with any tax consultants the Holder deems advisable in connection with the Award and that the Holder is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. This Award is intended to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code, and shall be interpreted and construed accordingly, and each settlement hereunder shall be considered a different payment under Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any agreement provides for the 

Exhibit 10.2

Award to become vested and be settled upon the Holders termination of employment, the applicable shares of Stock shall be transferred to the Holder or his or her beneficiary upon the

Holders separation from service, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code; provided that if the Holder is a specified employee, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code,

then to the extent the Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, such shares of Stock shall be transferred to the Holder or his or her beneficiary upon the earlier to occur of (i) the six-month anniversary of such separation from

service and (ii) the date of the Holders death.

7.8.Notices. All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made, if to the Company, to Porch Group, Inc., Attn: Stock Plan Administrator, 411 1st Ave S. Suite 501, Seattle, Washington 98104; stock@porch.com, and if to the Holder, to the last known mailing address of the Holder contained in the records of the Company. All notices, requests or other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be made in writing either (a) by personal delivery, (b) by facsimile or electronic mail with confirmation of receipt, (c) by mailing in the United States mails or (d) by express courier service. The notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon personal delivery, upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile or electronic mail transmission or upon receipt by the party entitled thereto if by United States mail or express courier service; provided, however, that if a notice, request or other communication sent to the Company is not received during regular business hours, it shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding business day of the Company.

7.9.Governing Law. This Agreement, the Award and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto and thereto, to the extent not governed by the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware and construed in accordance therewith without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws.

7.10.Agreement Subject to the Plan. This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan and shall be interpreted in accordance therewith. In the event that the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan conflict, the Plan shall control. The Holder hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan.

7.11.Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the shares of Stock subject to this Award and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Holder with respect to such shares of Stock, and may not be modified adversely to the Holders interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Holder.

7.12.Partial Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision was omitted.

7.13.Amendment and Waiver. The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived only by the written agreement of the Company and the Holder, and no course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement.

Exhibit 10.2

7.14.Counterparts. The Award Notice may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>prch-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>prch-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>prch-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity Registrant Name PORCH GROUP, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39142

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2587663

Entity Address, Address Line One 411 1st Avenue S.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 501

Entity Address, City or Town Seattle

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98104

City Area Code 855

Local Phone Number 767-2400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol PRCH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001784535

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.porch.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

prch-20250404.htm 
prch-20250404.xsd 
prch-20250404_lab.xml 
prch-20250404_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001784535-25-000027-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>prch-20250404_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001784535 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

false 
0001784535 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
PORCH GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-39142 
83-2587663 
411 1st Avenue S. 
Suite 501 
Seattle 
WA 
98104 
855 
767-2400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 
PRCH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>