<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002030.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002030.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108161257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Mountain Net Lease Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002033695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56701
		FILM NUMBER:		25518683

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY, 48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-720-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 BROADWAY, 48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2426212d6_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203369500020336952025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 2, 2025

New Mountain Net Lease Trust

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 000-56701 99-6897976

(State or Other

Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1633 Broadway, 48th Floor

New York, NY10019

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (212) 720-0300

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Address, if Changed Since Last
Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Advisory Agreement

On January 2, 2025, New Mountain Net Lease
Trust, a Maryland statutory trust (the Company), entered into an advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement),
with NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership), and New Mountain Finance
Advisers, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser), pursuant to which the Adviser has the authority to
source, evaluate and monitor the Companys investment opportunities and make decisions related to the acquisition, management, financing
and disposition of the Companys assets, in accordance with the Companys investment objectives, guidelines, policies and
limitations, subject to oversight by the Companys board of trustees.

A description of the Advisory Agreement was included
under Item 1. BusinessAdvisory Agreement of Amendment No. 1 to the Companys Registration Statement on
Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 27, 2024 (Amendment No. 1).
Such description is incorporated by reference herein.

Operating Partnership Agreement

On January 2, 2025, the Operating Partnership
entered into that Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, by and among the Company, as the general partner, NEWLEASE Special
Limited Partner LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Special Limited Partner), and the other limited partners party thereto
from time to time (the Operating Partnership Agreement).

A description of the Operating Partnership Agreement
was included under Item 1. BusinessAdvisory AgreementPerformance Allocation and Item 1. BusinessOperating Partnership Agreement of Amendment No. 1. Such description is incorporated by reference herein.

Affiliate Line of Credit

On January 2, 2025, the Operating Partnership entered into an
uncommitted revolving loan agreement with NM Partners Manager Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and affiliate of the Adviser,
providing for a discretionary and uncommitted credit facility in a maximum aggregate principal amount of $50 million (the Line
of Credit). The Line of Credit has a maturity date of December 31, 2027. Borrowings under the Line of Credit will bear interest
at a rate equal to Daily SOFR plus 2.35%. The Line of Credit contains customary events of default. As is customary in such financings,
if an event of default occurs under the Line of Credit, the lender may accelerate the repayment of amounts outstanding under the Line
of Credit and exercise other remedies subject, in certain instances, to the expiration of an applicable cure period.

Formation Transactions

On January 2, 2025, the Company entered
into (i) a Master Reorganization Agreement (the Reorganization Agreement) with New Mountain Net Lease Partners
Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Existing REIT), New Mountain Net Lease Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership (NM Fund I), NMNC Initial L.P., L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, New Mountain Net Lease
Delaware Feeder, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Feeder), NMNL QRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (NMNL
QRS), and New Mountain Net Lease GP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, the Parties) and
(ii) an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with NMNL QRS and Feeder.

As previously disclosed in Amendment No. 1, pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement and Merger
Agreement, the Parties undertook a series of transactions (collectively, referred to as, the Formation Transactions), as
summarized below:

The Adviser determined the net asset value of the Seed Portfolio (as defined below) as of September 30,
2024 (the Seed Portfolio Fair Value), and the Companys board of trustees engaged CBRE Capital Advisors, Inc.
to provide a fairness opinion with respect to such valuation.

NM Fund I contributed 100% of the common stock of the Existing REIT, which prior to such contribution
indirectly owned a portfolio of stabilized, net leased industrial assets comprising nearly 15.5 million square feet and a weighted average
remaining lease term (WALT) of 15.1 years (the Seed Portfolio), to the Company in exchange for a number of the Companys
common shares based on the Seed Portfolio Fair Value, divided by $20.00 (the REIT Contribution).

Substantially concurrently with the REIT Contribution, the Existing REIT filed articles of
conversion to convert to a Delaware limited partnership (the OP Conversion);

In connection with the OP Conversion, the Existing REIT changed its name to NEWLEASE Operating Partnership
LP (after such conversion and name change, referred to as, the Operating Partnership).

NM Fund I then distributed in kind the Companys common shares that it received in connection with
the REIT Contribution to its existing partners in proportion to their ownership in NM Fund I immediately prior to the Formation Transactions,
who had the opportunity to elect to have their common shares repurchased by the Company.

The Formation Transactions were completed on January 2,
2025.

Each of the foregoing descriptions of the
Advisory Agreement, the Operating Partnership Agreement, Reorganization Agreement and Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of thereof, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to this
Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

As
previously disclosed, on January 2, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of the Seed Portfolio. In connection with the initial
closing of the Companys continuous private offering, NM Fund I contributed 100% of the common stock of the Existing REIT,
which prior to such contribution indirectly owned the Seed Portfolio, to the Company in exchange for a number of the Companys common
shares based on the net asset value of the Seed Portfolio as of September 30, 2024, divided by $20.00.

A description of the Seed Portfolio was included under Item 1. BusinessTarget AssetsSeed Portfolio and Item
2. Financial InformationManagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsSeed Portfolio
of Amendment No. 1. Such description is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of
a Registrant.

The information discussed under the heading Affiliate Line of
Credit in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

In connection with the
Companys continuous private offering, on January 2, 2025, the Company sold an aggregate of 13,151,717.95 common shares (the
Shares) for aggregate consideration of approximately $263.0 million at a price per Share equal to $20.00. The offer and
sale of the Shares was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and
Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.

The following table details the Shares sold:

Title of Securities Number of Shares Sold Aggregate Consideration 

Class A Common Shares 8,215,703.00 $ 164,314,060.00 

Class F Common Shares 4,893,014.95 $ 97,860,299.00 

Class I Common Shares 500.00 $ 10,000.00 

Class E Common Shares 42,500.00 $ 850,000.00 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired.

The financial statements of the Seed Portfolio
required to be filed pursuant to Rule 3-14 of Regulation S-X are incorporated herein by reference to the financial information under
the heading Financial Statements of the Seed Portfolio included in Amendment No. 1.

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.

The pro forma financial information of the Company
required to be filed in connection with the acquisition described in Item 2.01 in this Current Report are incorporated herein by reference
to the financial information under the heading Pro Forma Combined Consolidated Financial Statements of New Mountain Net Lease Trust (Unaudited) included in Amendment No. 1.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

No. Description

10.1 Advisory Agreement, dated January 2, 2025, by and among New Mountain Net Lease Trust, NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP and New Mountain Finance Advisers, L.L.C.

10.2 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP, dated January 2, 2025, by and among New Mountain Net Lease Trust, as the general partner, NEWLEASE Special Limited Partner LP and the other limited partners party thereto from time to time

10.3* Master Reorganization
Agreement, dated January 2, 2025, by and among New Mountain Net Lease Trust, New Mountain Net Lease Partners Corporation, New
Mountain Net Lease Partners, L.P., NMNC Initial L.P., L.L.C., New Mountain Net Lease Delaware Feeder, L.P., NMNL QRS, Inc. and
New Mountain Net Lease GP, L.L.C.

10.4* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 2, 2025, by and among New Mountain Net Lease Partners, L.P., NMNL QRS, Inc., New Mountain Net Lease Trust and NMNC Initial L.P., L.L.C.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the XBRL file)

*
Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) and/or
Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST

Date: January 8, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy Kaplan 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2426212d6_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ADVISORY AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST,

NEWLEASE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP,

AND

NEW MOUNTAIN FINANCE ADVISERS, L.L.C.

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

1. Definitions 1

2. Appointment 5

3. Duties of the Adviser 5

4. Authority of Adviser 8

5. Bank Accounts 9

6. Records; Access 9

7. Limitations on Activities 10

8. Other Activities of the Adviser 10

9. Relationship with Trustees and
Officers 12

10. Management Fee 12

11. Expenses 13

12. Other Services 16

13. No Joint Venture 16

14. Term 17

15. Termination by the Parties 17

16. Assignment to an Affiliate 17

17. Payments to and Duties of Adviser
Upon Termination 18

18. Indemnification by the Company
and the Operating Partnership 18

19. Indemnification by Adviser 18

20. Non-Solicitation 19

21. Miscellaneous 19

22. Trademark 21

i

ADVISORY AGREEMENT

THIS
ADVISORY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 2, 2025 (the Effective Date),
is by and among New Mountain Net Lease Trust, a Maryland statutory trust (the Company), NEWLEASE Operating Partnership
LP, a Delaware limited partnership (formerly New Mountain Net Lease Partners Corporation) (the Operating Partnership),
and New Mountain Finance Advisers, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser). Capitalized terms
used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 below.

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS,
the Company has elected and qualified as a REIT, and to invest its funds in Investments permitted by the terms of Sections 856 through
860 of the Code;

WHEREAS,
the Company is the general partner of the Operating Partnership and intends to conduct all of its business and make all or substantially
all Investments through the Operating Partnership;

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Operating Partnership desire to avail themselves of the knowledge, experience, sources of information, advice, assistance
and certain facilities available to the Adviser and to have the Adviser undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth,
on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the Board, all as provided herein; and

WHEREAS,
the Adviser is willing to undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board, on the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree
as follows:

1. Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated:

Adviser
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Affiliate shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Board shall
mean the board of trustees of the Company, as of any particular time.

Broken Deal Expenses
shall mean out-of-pocket fees and expenses relating to proposed but unconsummated investments.

Business Day shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Bylaws shall
mean the bylaws of the Company, as amended from time to time.

1

Cause shall
mean, with respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct, willful misconduct or willful or gross negligent breach
of fiduciary duty by the Adviser in connection with performing its duties hereunder.

CEA
shall mean the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.

Change of Control
shall mean any event (including, without limitation, issue, transfer or other disposition of shares of capital stock of the Company
or equity interests in the Operating Partnership, merger, share exchange or consolidation) after which any person (as that
term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company or the Operating Partnership representing greater
than 50% or more of the combined voting power of Companys or the Operating Partnerships then outstanding securities, respectively;
provided, that, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur as a result of any widely distributed offering of the Common Shares.

Class A
Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Class E
Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Class F
Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Class I
Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Shares shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Company shall
have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company Expenses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(b).

Company Management
Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Company-Related
Compliance Obligation Expenses shall mean the costs and expenses of all legal and regulatory compliance obligations under
U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws and regulations directly related to the making, holding or disposing of Investments
by the Company (whether such compliance obligations are imposed on the Adviser, its affiliates or the Company), including, without limitation,
the preparation and filing of (i) Form 13F, Form 13H, Section 16 filings, Schedule 13D filings, Schedule 13G filings
and other ownership filings, in each case under the Exchange Act, (ii) TIC Form SLT filings, (iii) materials required under
the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act and Financial Crimes Enforcement Network reporting requirements applicable to the Company,
(iv) Commodity Futures Trading Commission Form 4.13(a)(3), CPO-PQR, CTA PR and NFA Form PQR filings, (v) filings under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and other antitrust laws and regulations, (vi) blue sky filings, registration statement
filings, (vii) Cayman Islands Investment Funds Reporting filings, including FAR filings, (viii) Form PF and Form ADV,
and (viv) any other forms, schedules or other filings with governmental and self-regulatory agencies directly related to the making, holding
or disposing of Investments by the Company (including any costs related to any inquiry, investigation or proceeding involving the Company),
and the costs and expenses of any custodian, administrator and/or depositary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the performance of
any functions of a custodian, administrator and/or depositary contemplated by the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 2011
(the AIFM Directive)) appointed by the Adviser or its affiliates in relation to the safeguarding, administering and/or
holding (or similar) of Investments and/or registrations, licenses, notices, reports and/or filings prepared in connection with the laws
and/or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Company engages in activities, including any registrations, licenses, notices, reports
and/or filings required in accordance with the AIFM Directive and any related regulations, and other notices or disclosures of the Adviser
and/or its affiliates relating to the Company and their activities or any national private placement regime in any jurisdiction and incurred
in connection with the Advisers or any of its Affiliates compliance with disclosure, reporting and other similar obligations
pursuant to the Declaration of Trust or under the AIFM Directive or any national private placement regime in any jurisdiction (including,
for the avoidance of doubt the preparation and filing of any reporting required in connection with, or prescribed by the AIFM Directive,
including the preparation of prescribed information included in the Companys annual report, and the capture, processing and submission
of relevant data in the form of Annex IV reports) and costs and expenses in relation to the appointment of third-party alternative investment
fund managers in respect of the Company, as well as costs and expenses associated with operating foreign domiciled entities formed in
connection with the Companys activities.

2

Covered
Person shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Declaration of
Trust shall mean the Declaration of Trust of the Company, as may be amended from time to time.

Distributions shall
mean any distributions, pursuant to Section 7.6 of the Declaration of Trust, by the Company to owners of Common Shares, including
distributions that may constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes.

Effective Date shall
have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Effective Termination
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Independent Trustee shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Initial Term
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.

Investment Company
Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Investment Guidelines
shall mean the investment guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Adviser has discretion
to acquire and dispose of Investments for the Company without the prior approval of the Board.

Investments
shall mean any investments by the Company or the Operating Partnership, directly or indirectly, in Real Property, Real Estate-Related
Assets or other assets.

3

Joint Ventures shall
mean those joint venture or partnership arrangements (other than the Operating Partnership) in which the Company, the Operating Partnership
or any of their subsidiaries is a co-venturer or partner established to acquire or hold assets of the Company or Operating Partnership.

Management Fee shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

New Mountain
means, collectively, New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. and any Affiliate thereof.

Mortgage
shall mean, in connection with any mortgage financing that the Company makes or invests in, all of the notes, deeds of trust, security
interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations, which are secured or collateralized by Real Property owned by the borrowers
under such notes, deeds of trust, security interests or other evidences of indebtedness or obligations.

NAV shall
mean the Companys net asset value, calculated pursuant to the Valuation Guidelines.

New Mountain
Names shall have the meaning set forth in Section 22.

Notice of Proposal
to Negotiate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.

OP Management
Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Operating Partnership shall
have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Operating Partnership
Agreement shall mean the Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership, as amended from time to time.

Organization
and Offering Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Other New Mountain
Accounts shall mean other investment funds, REITs, vehicles, investment programs, businesses, accounts, products and/or
other similar arrangements sponsored, advised and/or managed by New Mountain, whether currently in existence or subsequently established
(in each case, including any new or successor funds, programs, accounts or businesses).

Person shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Performance Participation
Allocation shall have the meaning set forth in the Operating Partnership Agreement.

PPM shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

4

Real Estate-Related
Securities shall mean equity and debt securities of both publicly traded and private companies, including REITs and
pass-through entities, that own Real Property or loans secured by real estate, including investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities
and derivative instruments, owned by the Company or the Operating Partnership directly or indirectly through one or more of their Affiliates.

Real Estate-Related
Assets shall mean any Investments in Mortgages and Real Estate-Related Securities.

Real Property shall
mean land, rights in land (including leasehold interests) and any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment
located on or used in connection with land and rights or interests in land.

REIT shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Services shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 8(c).

Shareholder shall
have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Termination
Date shall mean the date of termination of this Agreement or expiration of this Agreement in the event this Agreement
is not renewed for an additional term.

Termination
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.

Trustees
shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Valuation Guidelines shall
mean the valuation guidelines of the Company as have been adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time.

2. Appointment.
The Company and the Operating Partnership hereby appoint the Adviser to serve as their investment adviser on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and the Adviser hereby accepts such appointment.

3. Duties
of the Adviser. Subject to the oversight of the Board and the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the
Investment Guidelines) and consistent with the provisions of the Companys most recent PPM for the Common Shares, the Declaration
of Trust and Bylaws and the Operating Partnership Agreement, the Adviser will have plenary authority with respect to the management of
the business and affairs of the Company and the Operating Partnership and will be responsible for implementing the investment strategy
of the Company and the Operating Partnership. The Adviser will perform (or cause to be performed through one or more of its Affiliates
or third parties) such services and activities relating to the selection of investments and rendering investment advice to the Company
and the Operating Partnership as may be appropriate or otherwise mutually agreed from time to time, which may include, without limitation:

(a) serving
as an advisor to the Company and the Operating Partnership with respect to the establishment and periodic review of the Investment Guidelines
for the Companys and the Operating Partnerships investments, financing activities and operations;

5

(b) sourcing,
evaluating and monitoring the Companys and the Operating Partnerships investment opportunities and executing the acquisition,
management, financing and disposition of the Companys and the Operating Partnerships assets, in accordance with the Investment
Guidelines, policies and objectives and limitations, subject to oversight by the Board;

(c) with
respect to prospective acquisitions, purchases, sales, exchanges or other dispositions of Investments, conducting negotiations on the
Companys and the Operating Partnerships behalf with sellers, purchasers, and other counterparties and, if applicable, their
respective agents, advisors and representatives, and determining the structure and terms of such transactions;

(d) providing
the Company and the Operating Partnership with portfolio management and other related services;

(e) serving
as the Companys and the Operating Partnerships advisor with respect to decisions regarding any of their financings, hedging
activities or borrowings, including (1) assisting the Company and the Operating Partnership in developing criteria for debt and equity
financing that is specifically tailored to the Companys and Operating Partnerships investment objectives, (2) advising
the Company and Operating Partnership with respect to obtaining appropriate financing for the Investments (which, in accordance with applicable
law and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws, as applicable, may include financing by the
Adviser or its Affiliates), and (3) negotiating and entering into, on the Companys and the Operating Partnerships behalf,
financing arrangements (including one or more credit facilities), repurchase agreements, interest rate or currency swap agreements, hedging
arrangements, foreign exchange transactions, derivative transactions, and other agreements and instruments required or appropriate in
connection with the Companys and the Operating Partnerships activities;

(f) engaging
and supervising, on the Companys and the Operating Partnerships behalf and at the Companys and the Operating Partnerships
expense, independent contractors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, administrators, auditors, appraisers, independent valuation
agents, escrow agents, property management and other service providers (which may include Affiliates of the Adviser) that provide various
services with respect to the Company and the Operating Partnership, including, without limitation, on-site managers, building and maintenance
personnel, property management and accounting, investment banking, securities brokerage, mortgage brokerage, credit analysis, risk management
services, asset management services, loan servicing, other financial, legal or accounting services, due diligence services, underwriting
review services, and all other services (including custody and transfer agent and registrar services) as may be required relating to the
Companys and the Operating Partnerships activities or investments (or potential Investments);

(g) coordinating
and managing operations of any Joint Venture or co-investment interests held by the Company or the Operating Partnership and conducting
matters with the Joint Venture or co-investment partners;

(h) communicating
on the Companys and the Operating Partnerships behalf with the holders of any of the Companys or Operating Partnerships
equity or debt securities as required to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of any governmental bodies or agencies or trading
markets and to maintain effective relations with such holders;

6

(i) advising
the Company in connection with policy decisions to be made by the Board;

(j) providing
the daily management of the Company and the Operating Partnership, including performing and supervising the various administrative functions
reasonably necessary for the management of the Company and the Operating Partnership;

(k) engaging
one or more subadvisors with respect to the management of the Company and the Operating Partnership, including, where appropriate, Affiliates
of the Adviser;

(l) evaluating
and recommending to the Board hedging strategies and engaging in hedging activities on the Companys and the Operating Partnerships
behalf, consistent with the Companys qualification as a REIT and with the Investment Guidelines;

(m) investing
and reinvesting any moneys and securities of the Company and the Operating Partnership (including investing in short-term investments
pending investment in other investments, payment of fees, costs and expenses, or payments of dividends or distributions to the Shareholders
and limited partners of the Operating Partnership) and advising the Company as to the Companys and the Operating Partnerships
capital structure and capital raising;

(n) determining
valuations for the Companys or Operating Partnerships Real Property and Real Estate-Related Assets and calculate, as of
the last Business Day of each month, or with such frequency as the Board determines, the NAV per Common Share for each class then outstanding,
and in connection therewith, obtain appraisals performed by third-party appraisal firms concerning the value of the Real Properties and
obtain market quotations or conduct fair valuation determinations concerning the value of Real Estate-Related Assets, in each case, in
accordance with the Valuation Guidelines;

(o) providing
input in connection with the appraisals of the Companys properties;

(p) 
monitoring the Companys and Operating Partnerships Real Property and Real Estate Related
Assets for events that may be expected to have a material impact on the most recent estimated values;

(q) monitoring
each appraisers valuation process to ensure that it complies with the Valuation Guidelines;

(r) delivering
to, or maintain on behalf of, the Company copies of appraisals obtained in connection with the investments in any Real Property;

(s) in
the event that the Company or the Operating Partnership is a commodity pool under the CEA, acting as the Companys and/or Operating
Partnerships, as applicable, commodity pool operator for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the authority to make any filings, submissions or registrations (including for exemptive or no
action relief) to the extent required or desirable under the CEA (and the Company and Operating Partnership hereby appoint the
Adviser to act in such capacity and the Adviser accepts such appointment and agrees to be responsible for such services);

7

(t) placing,
or arranging for the placement of, orders of Real Estate-Related Assets pursuant to the Advisers investment determinations for
the Company and the Operating Partnership either directly with the issuer or with a broker or dealer (including any Affiliated broker
or dealer);

(u) making
from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Board, reports to the Board of its performance of services to the Company
under this Agreement, including reports with respect to potential conflicts of interest involving the Adviser or any of its Affiliates;

(v) advising
the Company regarding the maintenance of the Companys status as a REIT, and monitoring compliance with the various REIT qualification
tests and other rules set out in the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder;

(w) taking
all necessary actions to enable the Company to make required tax filings and reports, including soliciting Shareholders for required information
to the extent provided by the REIT provisions of the Code;

(x) assisting
the Company in maintaining the registration (or exemption therefrom) of the Common Shares under federal and state securities laws, as
applicable, with respect to any offering and complying with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements applicable to the Company
with respect to any offering and the Companys business activities (including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended), including,
with respect to any offering, preparing or causing to be prepared all supplements to the PPM and financial statements and all reports
and documents, if any, required under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, state securities laws and the Exchange Act; and

(y) performing
such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the Companys investment activities as the Board shall
reasonably request and/or the Adviser shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances.

4. Authority
of Adviser.

(a) Pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4 and in Section 7), and subject to the
continuing and exclusive authority of the Board over the management of the Company, the Board (by virtue of its approval of this Agreement
and authorization of the execution hereof by the officers of the Company) hereby delegates to the Adviser the authority to take, or cause
to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents
and to do any and all things that, in the judgment of the Adviser, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Advisers
duties described in Section 3, including the making of any Investment that fits within the Companys Investment Guidelines
and within the discretionary limits and authority as granted to the Adviser from time to time by the Board.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any Investment that does not fit within the Investment Guidelines will require the prior approval of the Board or any duly
authorized committee of the Board, as the case may be. Except as otherwise set forth herein, in the Investment Guidelines or in the Declaration
of Trust, any Investment that fits within the Investment Guidelines may be made by the Adviser on the Companys or the Operating
Partnerships behalf without the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board.

8

(c) The
prior approval of a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction
will be required for each transaction to which the Adviser or its Affiliate is a party.

(d) The
Board will review the Investment Guidelines periodically, in its discretion, and may, at any time upon the giving of notice to the Adviser,
amend the Investment Guidelines; provided, however, that such modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt
by the Adviser or such later date as is specified by the Board and included in the notice provided to the Adviser and such modification
or revocation shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Adviser has committed the Company or the Operating Partnership
prior to the date of receipt by the Adviser of such notification, or if later, the effective date of such modification or revocation specified
by the Board.

(e) The
Adviser may retain, for and on behalf, and at the sole cost and expense, of the Company or the Operating Partnership, such services as
the Adviser deems necessary or advisable in connection with the management and operations of the Company, which may include the Affiliates
of Adviser or unaffiliated third parties; provided, that any such services may only be provided by Affiliates to the extent such
services are approved by a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such
transactions as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available
from non-Affiliated third parties. In performing its duties under Section 3, the Adviser shall be entitled to rely reasonably on
qualified experts and professionals (including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other professional service providers)
hired by the Adviser at the Companys sole cost and expense.

5. Bank
Accounts. The Adviser may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in the name of the Company and the Operating
Partnership and any subsidiary thereof and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account
or accounts, any money on behalf of the Company or the Operating Partnership, consistent with the Advisers authority under this
Agreement; provided, that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Adviser; and the Adviser shall from time to time render,
upon request by the Board, its audit committee or the auditors of the Company, appropriate accountings of such collections and payments
to the Board, its audit committee and the auditors of the Company, as applicable.

6. Records;
Access. The Adviser shall maintain, or shall cause to be maintained, appropriate records of its activities hereunder
and make such records, or shall cause such records to be made, available for inspection by the Board and by counsel, auditors and authorized
agents of the Company, at any time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Adviser shall at all reasonable times have
access to the books and records of the Company and the Operating Partnership.

9

7. Limitations
on Activities. The Adviser shall refrain from any action that, in its sole judgment made in good faith, (i) is
not in compliance with the Investment Guidelines, (ii) would adversely and materially affect the qualification of the Company as
a REIT under the Code or the Companys and the Operating Partnerships status as entities excluded from investment company
status under the Investment Company Act, or (iii) would materially violate any law, rule or regulation of any governmental
body or agency having jurisdiction over the Company and the Operating Partnership or of any exchange on which the securities of the Company
may be listed or that would otherwise not be permitted by the Declaration of Trust, Bylaws or the Operating Partnership Agreement. If
the Adviser is ordered to take any action by the Board, the Adviser shall seek to notify the Board if it is the Advisers reasonable
judgment that such action would adversely and materially affect such status or violate any such law, rule or regulation or the Declaration
of Trust, Bylaws or the Operating Partnership Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates
shall be liable to the Company, the Operating Partnership, the Board, or the Shareholders for any act or omission by the Adviser or any
of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 19 of this Agreement.

8. Other
Activities of the Adviser.

(a) Nothing
in this Agreement shall (i) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from engaging in other
businesses or from rendering services of any kind to any other Person or entity, whether or not the investment objectives or policies
of any such other Person or entity are similar to those of the Company, including, without limitation, the sponsoring, closing, advising
and/or managing of any Other New Mountain Accounts, (ii) in any way bind or restrict the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers,
directors or employees from buying, selling or trading any securities or commodities for their own accounts or for the account of others
for whom the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees may be acting, or (iii) prevent the Adviser or any
of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from receiving fees or other compensation or profits from such activities described
in this Section 8(a) which shall be for the sole benefit of the Adviser (and/or its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees).
While information and recommendations supplied to the Company shall, in the Advisers reasonable and good faith judgment, be appropriate
under the circumstances and in light of the investment objectives and policies of the Company, such information and recommendations may
be different in certain material respects from the information and recommendations supplied by the Adviser or any Affiliate of the Adviser
to others (including, for greater certainty, the Other New Mountain Accounts and their investors, as described more fully in Section 8(b)).

(b) The
Adviser and the Company acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) the Adviser and
its Affiliates sponsor, advise and/or manage Other New Mountain Accounts and may in the future sponsor, advise and/or manage additional
Other New Mountain Accounts, (ii) with respect to Other New Mountain Accounts with investment objectives or guidelines that overlap
with the Companys but that do not have priority over the Company, the Adviser and its Affiliates will allocate investment opportunities
between the Company and such Other New Mountain Accounts in accordance with New Mountains prevailing policies and procedures on
a basis that the Adviser and its Affiliates believe are fair and reasonable taking into account all factors as the Adviser deems relevant,
including the sourcing of the transaction, the nature of the investment objective, investment focus, mandate or policies, target return
profile or projected hold period, focus of each such Other New Mountain Account, the relative amounts of capital available for investment,
the nature and extent of involvement in the transaction on the part of the respective teams of investment professionals for the Company
and each such Other New Mountain Account and other considerations deemed relevant by the Adviser in good faith, and there may be circumstances
where investments that are consistent with the Investment Guidelines may be shared with or allocated to one or more Other New Mountain
Accounts (in lieu of the Company) in accordance with New Mountains prevailing policies and procedures and (iii) certain of
the Other New Mountain Accounts have priority over the Company with respect to certain privately negotiated real estate equity or equity-related,
long-term leased, operationally critical net lease real estate investments in the United States or Canadian that meet specific return,
yield, and/or hold period criteria and such investments will be first offered to such Other New Mountain Accounts (which the Companys
investment strategies may overlap to some extent) in the Advisers or its Affiliates sole discretion.

10

(c) In
connection with the services of the Adviser hereunder, the Company and the Board acknowledge and/or agree that (i) as part of New
Mountains regular businesses, personnel of the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time-to-time work on other projects and matters
(including with respect to one or more Other New Mountain Accounts), and that conflicts may arise with respect to the allocation of personnel
between the Company and one or more Other New Mountain Accounts and/or the Adviser and such other Affiliates, (ii) unless prohibited
by the Declaration of Trust, Other New Mountain Accounts may invest, from time to time, in investments in which the Company also invests
(including at a different level of an issuers capital structure (e.g., an investment by an Other New Mountain Account in
a debt or mezzanine interest with respect to the same portfolio entity in which the Company owns an equity interest or vice versa) or
in a different tranche of equity or debt with respect to an issuer in which the Company has an interest) and while New Mountain will seek
to resolve any such conflicts in a fair and reasonable manner in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to
conflicts resolution among Other New Mountain Accounts generally, such transactions are not required to be presented to the Board or any
committee thereof for approval (unless otherwise required by the Declaration of Trust or Investment Guidelines), and there can be no assurance
that any conflicts will be resolved in the Companys favor, (iii) the Company will from time to time pay fees to the Adviser
and its Affiliates, including portfolio entities of Other New Mountain Accounts, for providing various services described in the PPM (collectively,
Services), which fees will be in addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 of
this Agreement, (iv) the Adviser and its Affiliates will from time to time receive fees from portfolio entities or other issuers
for providing Services, including with respect to Other New Mountain Accounts and related portfolio entities, and while such fees will
give rise to conflicts of interest the Company will not receive the benefit of any such fees, and (v) the terms and conditions of
the governing agreements of such Other New Mountain Accounts (including with respect to the economic, reporting, and other rights afforded
to investors in such Other New Mountain Accounts) are materially different from the terms and conditions applicable to the Company and
the Shareholders, and neither the Company nor the Shareholders (in such capacity) shall have the right to receive the benefit of any such
different terms applicable to investors in such Other New Mountain Accounts as a result of an investment in the Company or otherwise.
The Adviser shall keep the Board reasonably informed on a periodic basis in connection with the foregoing.

(d) The
Adviser is not permitted to consummate on the Companys behalf any transaction that involves (i) the sale of any investment
to or (ii) the acquisition of any investment from New Mountain, any Other New Mountain Account or any of their Affiliates unless
such transaction is approved by a majority of the Trustees, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, not otherwise interested
in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Company. In addition, the Company may enter into Joint Ventures with Other New
Mountain Accounts, or with New Mountain, the Adviser, one or more Trustees, or any of their respective Affiliates, only if a majority
of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction approve the transaction
as being fair and reasonable to the Company and on substantially the same, or no less favorable, terms and conditions as those received
by other Affiliate joint venture partners. The Adviser will seek to resolve any conflicts of interest in a fair and reasonable manner
(subject to any priorities of certain Other New Mountain Accounts, as discussed above) in accordance with its prevailing policies and
procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other New Mountain Accounts generally, but only those transactions set forth in
this Section 8(d) will be expressly required to be presented for approval to the Independent Trustees or any committee thereof
(unless otherwise required by the Declaration of Trust or the Investment Guidelines).

11

(e) For
the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that neither the Company nor the Board has the authority to determine the salary, bonus or any
other compensation paid by the Adviser to any director, officer, member, partner, employee, or stockholder of the Adviser or its Affiliates,
including any person who is also a Trustee or officer employee of the Company.

9. Relationship
with Trustees and Officers. Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and to restrictions advisable with respect
to the qualification of the Company as a REIT, directors, managers, officers and employees of the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser
or any corporate parent of an Affiliate, may serve as a Trustee or officer of the Company, except that no director, officer or employee
of the Adviser or its Affiliates who also is a Trustee or officer of the Company shall receive any compensation from the Company in such
persons capacity as a Trustee or officer other than (a) reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred
in attending meetings of the Board, (b) as otherwise approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees or
(c) as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, and no such Trustee shall be deemed an Independent Trustee for purposes of satisfying
the Trustee independence requirement set forth in the Declaration of Trust. For so long as this Agreement is in effect, the Adviser shall
have the have the right to designate three Trustees for election to the Board. Furthermore, the Board shall consult with the Adviser
in connection with filling of any vacancies created by the removal, resignation, retirement or death of any Trustee (other than in connection
with a removal by Shareholders in accordance with the Declaration of Trust).

10. Management
Fee.

(a) The
Company will pay the Adviser a management fee (the Company Management Fee) equal to (i) 1.25% of NAV for the
Class I Common Shares, plus (ii) 1.00% of NAV for the Class A Common Shares and Class F Common Shares, in each case,
per annum and payable monthly in arrears, before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Performance Participation
Allocation or any Distributions. In addition, the Operating Partnership will pay the Adviser a management fee (the OP Management
Fee and, together with the Company Management Fee, the Management Fee) equal to (i) 1.25% of the
NAV of the Operating Partnership attributable to Class I units held by unitholders other than the Company or its subsidiary, plus
(ii) 1.00% of NAV of the Operating Partnership attributable to Class A units and Class F units held by unitholders other
than the Company or its subsidiary, in each case, per annum and payable monthly in arrears, before giving effect to any accruals for
the Management Fee and the Performance Participation Allocation. For the avoidance of doubt, no Management Fee shall be paid on Class E
Common Shares or Class E units of the Operating Partnership. The Adviser shall receive the Management Fees as compensation for services
rendered under this Agreement.

12

(b) The
Company Management Fee may be paid, at the Advisers election, in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Class E
Common Shares or Class E units of the Operating Partnership. The OP Management Fee may be paid, at the Advisers election,
in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Class E units of the Operating Partnership. If the Adviser elects to receive
any portion of its Management Fee in Class E Common Shares or Class E units of the Operating Partnership, the Adviser or any
subsequent transferee thereof may elect to have the Company or the Operating Partnership repurchase such Common Shares and/or units of
the Operating Partnership from the Adviser or such transferee at a later date at a repurchase price per Common Share equal to the then
NAV per Common Share of such class. Class E Common Shares or Class E units of the Operating Partnership (including those subsequently
exchanged for Common Shares) obtained by the Adviser or any subsequent transferee will not be subject to the Companys share repurchase
plan, including the repurchase limits or any reduction or penalty for an early repurchase. The Operating Partnership will redeem any such
Operating Partnership units for cash unless the Board determines that any such redemption for cash would be prohibited by applicable law
or the Declaration of Trust, in which case such Operating Partnership units will be redeemed for the Companys Class E Common
Shares with an equivalent aggregate NAV.

(c) In
the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the Adviser will be entitled to receive its prorated Management
Fee through the date of termination. Such pro ration shall take into account the number of days of any partial calendar month or calendar
year for which this Agreement was in effect.

(d) In
the event the Company or the Operating Partnership commences a liquidation of its Investments during any calendar year, the Company and
the Operating Partnership will pay the Adviser the Management Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation.

11. Expenses.

(a) Subject
to Sections 4(e) and 11(b), the Adviser shall be responsible for the expenses of its normal operating overhead, including salaries
of the Advisers and its Affiliates investment employees and senior advisors and rent and other expenses incurred in maintaining
the Advisers place of business. The Company may reimburse the Adviser for services performed by the Companys executive officers
for the Companys allocable portion of the compensation, benefits and related expenses (including travel expenses) paid by the Adviser
(or its affiliates) to the Companys executive officers (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on the Advisers
estimated basis, to the business affairs of the Company and/or in acting on behalf of the Company).

13

(b) In
addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the Company or the Operating Partnership shall pay
all costs, expenses and liabilities that in the good faith judgment of the Adviser are incurred by or arise out of the operation and activities
of the Company and the Operating Partnership, including, without limitation (collectively, Company Expenses):

(i) the
Management Fee and the Performance Participation Allocation;

(ii) Broken
Deal Expenses and out-of-pocket fees and expenses relating to temporary investments, including the sourcing, bidding, financing, evaluating,
making deposits on, purchasing, trading, syndication of co-investments, settling, maintaining custody, disposition, monitoring, acquisition,
holding and sale of thereof, including origination fees, syndication fees, research costs, due diligence costs, Broken Deal Expenses,
bank service fees, fees and expenses of custodians, consultants, experts, travel, meal, lodging and entertainment expenses incurred for
investment related purposes, outside legal counsel, consultants and accountants, administrators fees and financing costs (including
interest expenses) and fees and expenses related to the organization or maintenance of any intermediate entity used to acquire, hold or
dispose of any Investment or otherwise facilitating the Companys investment activities, including without limitation any overhead
expenses related to such entity and costs of advisers, consultants, engineers and other professionals and service providers to the Company
and its investment entities, in each case to the extent that such fees and expenses are not reimbursed by a third party;

(iii) an
amount equal to 100% of all premiums for insurance protecting the assets of the Company, and any Covered Persons from liabilities to third
parties in connection with the Companys affairs to the extent such premiums cover liabilities with respect to actions or omissions
of the Company or of any Covered Person that would otherwise be subject to indemnification by the Company;

(iv) out-of-pocket
legal, Company-related and investment-related public relations, investor relations (including website costs), tax expenses, custodial
and accounting expenses of third-party service providers, including fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation of amendments
to the Declaration of Trust and the solicitation of consent to such amendments, if applicable, the preparation, printing and distribution
of the Companys financial statements and tax returns, and any Company-Related Compliance Obligation Expenses, and out-of-pocket
expenses related to data rooms, investor portals or other websites and accounting systems;

(v) interest
on and fees and expenses arising out of all Company indebtedness, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and the costs and
expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources;

(vi) out-of-pocket
auditing, tax preparation and review, accounting, appraisal, banking (including bank fees for returned wires), entity-level compliance
fees, brokerage commissions, Board meetings, consulting (including environmental, social and governance-related consulting and tools),
operating and valuation expenses of third-party service providers (including compliance, accounting, technology and environmental, social
and governance consultants);

14

(vii) out-of-pocket
fees, costs and expenses of any third-party administrators (including Acuity resources), broker dealers, transfer agents, tax advisers,
independent trustee, website design and maintenance, and deal finders;

(viii) extraordinary
costs and expenses (including, but not limited to indemnification and contribution expenses);

(ix) subject
to certain exceptions, taxes and other governmental charges, fees, penalties and duties payable by the Company, and costs and expenses
associated with third-party tax advisors, tax return preparation or tax audits;

(x) costs
of damages (including the costs of any indemnity or contribution right granted to any placement agent or third-party finder for common
shares engaged by the Company or its affiliates);

(xi) 
costs of reporting to the Shareholders, including costs incurred to comply with all current and future
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reporting and tax reporting, and of any annual meeting or any special meetings of the
Shareholders;

(xii) costs
associated with any third-party examinations or audits (including other similar services) of the Company or the Adviser that are attributable
to the operation of the Company;

(xiii) costs
of winding up, liquidating, dissolving and terminating the Company;

(xiv) costs
and expenses of asset managers, property managers and other professionals and service providers in respect of the Companys properties;

(xv) expenses
incurred in connection with complying with the Companys organizational documents and applicable law, as well as any costs and expenses
incurred in connection with transfer pricing studies and any transfers of the Common Shares (to the extent not reimbursed by the parties
to such transfer);

(xvi) 
administering and servicing and special servicing fees (whether paid to third-parties or to affiliates
of the Adviser);

(xvii) the
cost of operational and accounting software and related expenses;

(xviii) cost
of software (including the fees of third-party software developers and software utilized in connection with the Companys investment,
operational, treasury and accounting activities) and related expenses, including as related to risk, research and market data, operations,
accounting, treasury and the tracking and monitoring of Investments (e.g., portfolio management software, general ledger software, environmental,
social and governance monitoring software, subscription management software and automation tools (e.g., Snowflake, Sigma, RPA)) used by
the Adviser and its affiliates;

15

(xix) 
risk, research and market data-related expenses (including software and hardware); and

(xx) costs
associated with corporate governance, the preparation and execution of Board meetings, and co-investments and/or joint venture arrangements;

provided,
that, with respect to each of the Company Expenses described above, it being understood that, where any Company Expense relates to the
Company and one or more Other New Mountain Accounts, such Company Expense shall mean only the Companys allocable share thereof
as determined in good faith by the Adviser.

(c) The
Adviser may, at its option, elect not to seek reimbursement for certain Company Expenses during a given period, which determination shall
not be deemed to construe a waiver of reimbursement for similar expenses in future periods.

(d) Any
reimbursement payments owed by the Company to the Adviser may be offset by the Adviser against amounts due to the Company from the Adviser.
Cost and expense reimbursement to the Adviser shall be subject to adjustment at the end of each calendar year in connection with the annual
audit of the Company.

(e) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Adviser (1) shall pay for all Organization and Offering Expenses incurred prior to the first anniversary of the
Effective Date and (2) may pay for certain of the Company Expenses contemplated by Section 11(b) above (excluding Organization
and Offering Expenses) incurred through the date that is 12 months following the Effective Date. All Organization and Offering Expenses
and any of the Company Expenses contemplated by Section 11(b) above paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11(e) shall
be reimbursed by the Company to the Adviser in 60 equal monthly installments commencing with the first anniversary of the Effective Date.

12. Other
Services. Should the Board request that the Adviser or any director, officer or employee thereof render services for
the Company and the Operating Partnership other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such
rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Adviser and the Independent Trustees, subject to the limitations contained in the Declaration
of Trust, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

13. No
Joint Venture. The Company and the Operating Partnership, on the one hand, and the Adviser on the other, are not partners
or joint venturers with each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make them such partners or joint venturers or
impose any liability as such on either of them.

16

14. Term.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the Effective Date (the Initial Term), and thereafter
shall continue automatically for successive two-year renewal periods unless at least two-thirds of the Independent Trustees agree that
(i) there has been unsatisfactory performance by the Adviser that is materially detrimental to the Company or the Operating Partnership
or (ii) the compensation payable to the Adviser hereunder is unfair; provided that the Company and the Operating Partnership shall
not have the right to terminate this Agreement under clause (ii) above if the Adviser agrees to continue to provide the services
under this Agreement at a reduced fee that at least two-thirds of the Independent Trustees determines to be fair pursuant to the procedure
set forth below. The Company and the Operating Partnership may elect not to renew this agreement upon the expiration of the Initial Term
or any Renewal Term and upon 180 days prior written notice to the Adviser (the Termination Notice). If the
Company or the Operating Partnership issues the Termination Notice, the Company or the Operating Partnership shall be obligated to specify
the reason for nonrenewal in the Termination Notice; provided, however, that in the event that such Termination Notice is given in connection
with a determination that the compensation payable to the Adviser is unfair, the Adviser shall have the right to renegotiate such compensation
by delivering to the Company and the Operating Partnership, no fewer than 60 days prior to the prospective last day of the Initial Term
or Renewal Term (the Effective Termination Date), written notice (any such notice, a Notice of Proposal
to Negotiate) of its intention to renegotiate its compensation under this Agreement. Thereupon, the Company and the Operating
Partnership (represented by the Independent Trustees) and the Adviser shall endeavor to negotiate in good faith the revised compensation
payable to the Adviser under this Agreement, provided that the Adviser and at least two-thirds of the Independent Trustees agree to the
terms of the revised compensation to be payable to the Adviser within 60 days following the receipt of the Notice of Proposal to Negotiate,
the Termination Notice shall be deemed of no force and effect and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect on the terms
stated in this Agreement, except that the compensation payable to the Adviser hereunder shall be the revised compensation then agreed
upon by the parties to this Agreement. The Company, the Operating Partnership and the Adviser agree to execute and deliver an amendment
to this Agreement setting forth such revised compensation promptly upon reaching an agreement regarding the same. In the event that the
Company, the Operating Partnership and the Adviser are unable to agree to the terms of the revised compensation to be payable to the
Adviser during such 60-day period, this Agreement shall terminate, such termination to be effective on the date which is the later of
(A) 10 days following the end of such 60-day period and (B) the Effective Termination Date originally set forth in the Termination
Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Company terminates or ceases to be a party to this Agreement, the Agreement
shall be null and void (other than Sections 18 through 22 hereof), including with respect to the Operating Partnership.

15. Termination
by the Parties. This Agreement may be terminated (i) at the option of the Adviser immediately upon a Change of
Control of the Company or the Operating Partnership; or (ii) immediately by the Company or the Operating Partnership (A) for
Cause, (B) upon the bankruptcy of the Adviser, or (C) upon a breach of a material provision of this Agreement by the Adviser
and such breach continues for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof specifying such breach and requesting that the same be
remedied in such 30-day period (or 45 days after written notice of such breach if the Adviser takes steps to cure such breach within
30 days of the written notice). The provisions of Sections 17 through 22 survive termination of this Agreement.

16. Assignment
to an Affiliate. Except as set forth herein, the Adviser shall not assign, sell or otherwise dispose of all or any
part of its right, title and interest in and to this Agreement to any Persons other than an Affiliate without the approval of a majority
of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser may assign any rights
to receive fees or other payments under this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the consent of the Board. This Agreement shall
not be assigned by the Company or the Operating Partnership without the approval of the Adviser, except in the case of an assignment
by the Company or the Operating Partnership to a corporation or other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights
and obligations of the Company or the Operating Partnership, in which case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by
the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Company and the Operating Partnership are bound by this Agreement. This Agreement
shall be binding on successors to the Company resulting from a Change of Control or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company or the Operating Partnership, and shall likewise be binding on any successor to the Adviser.

17

17. Payments
to and Duties of Adviser Upon Termination.

(a) After
the Termination Date, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to
receive from the Company or the Operating Partnership within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements
of expenses and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this Agreement.

(b) The
Adviser shall promptly upon termination:

(i) pay
over to the Company and the Operating Partnership all money collected and held for the account of the Company and the Operating Partnership
pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled;

(ii) deliver
to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering
the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board;

(iii) deliver
to the Board all assets, including all Investments, and documents of the Company and the Operating Partnership then in the custody of
the Adviser; and

(iv) cooperate
with, and take all reasonable actions requested by, the Company and Board in making an orderly transition of the advisory function.

18. Indemnification
by the Company and the Operating Partnership. The Company and the Operating Partnership shall indemnify and hold harmless
the Adviser and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages
or losses arising in the performance of their duties hereunder, and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, to
the extent such liability, claims, damages or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance, and to the fullest extent
possible without such indemnification being inconsistent with the laws of the State of Maryland or the Declaration of Trust.

19. Indemnification
by Adviser. The Adviser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Operating Partnership from contract or
other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the extent that (i) such
liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance and (ii) are incurred by
reason of the Advisers bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties under this Agreement;
provided, however, that the Adviser shall not be held responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining
to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Adviser.

18

20. Non-Solicitation.
In the event of a termination without Cause of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 15(iii) hereof, for two
(2) years after the Termination Date, the Company shall not, without the consent of the Adviser, employ or otherwise retain any
employee of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates or any person who has been employed by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates at any time
within the two (2) year period immediately preceding the date on which such person commences employment with or is otherwise retained
by the Company. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any damages, the Adviser may be entitled to equitable relief
for any violation of this Section 20 by the Company, including, without limitation, injunctive relief.

21. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of
giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Declaration of Trust, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom
it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand, by courier or overnight carrier, by registered or certified mail, by electronic
mail or posted on a password protected website maintained by the Adviser and for which the Company has received access instructions by
electronic mail, when posted, using the contact information set forth herein:

The Company: New Mountain Net
Lease Trust

c/o New Mountain Finance Advisers,
L.L.C.

1633 Broadway 48th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Kellie Steele

Email: KSteele@newmountaincapital.com

with required copies to: Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
LLP

900 G Street NW

Washington, D.C. 20001

Attention: Daniel B. Honeycutt

Email: daniel.honeycutt@stblaw.com

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
LLP

425 Lexington Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Attention: Benjamin Wells

Email: BWells@stblaw.com

The Adviser: New Mountain Finance Advisers,
L.L.C.

1633 Broadway 48th Floor

New York, New York 100196

Attention: Arina Popova

Email: apopova@newmountaincapital.com

19

with required copies
to: Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett LLP

900 G Street NW

Washington, D.C. 20001

Attention: Daniel B. Honeycutt

Email: daniel.honeycutt@stblaw.com

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
LLP

425 Lexington Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Attention: Benjamin Wells

Email: BWells@stblaw.com

Any party may at any time
give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the purposes of this Section 21(a).

(b) 
Modification. This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or
discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or
assignees.

(c) Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid
or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in
part.

(d) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New
York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in Borough of Manhattan, New York for purposes of any suit, action
or other proceeding arising from this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding
for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not
be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such document
may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of the parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the person
of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

(e) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied,
oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any
course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

20

(f) Indulgences,
No Waivers. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude
any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy,
power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any
other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

(g) Gender;
Number. Words used herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any
other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires.

(h) Headings.
The titles and headings of Sections and Subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part
of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof.

(i) Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original
as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts
may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law (e.g., www.docusign.com)), or other transmission
method. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures
of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories.

22. Trademark.
The Adviser hereby grants the Company and the Operating Partnership a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the name New Mountain Net Lease Trust and NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP, and to use New
Mountain, as constituent parts of the names of each of their Affiliates and to use such names in connection with their materials
(including those used in connection with the Companys website) (collectively, the New Mountain Names) solely
in connection with the operation, maintenance and execution of business of the Company and the Operating Partnership. All rights in and
to the New Mountain Names not expressly granted herein to the Company and the Operating Partnership are retained and reserved by the
Adviser (or its Affiliates). The Company and the Operating Partnership agree not to contest the validity of the Advisers (or its
Affiliates) rights to the New Mountain Names. At no time during the term of the Agreement or following the termination of the
Agreement shall the Company or the Operating Partnership have any right, title or interest to the name or goodwill attached to the New
Mountain Names. Upon the termination of this Agreement at any time and for any reason, all of the Companys and the Operating Partnerships
right, title and interest in and to the use of the New Mountain Names shall terminate and any goodwill thereto shall continue to vest
in the Adviser (or its Affiliates). The Company and the Operating Partnership shall have sixty (60) days from the date of termination
to cease all further use of the New Mountain Names.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Advisory Agreement as of the date and year first above written.

New Mountain Net Lease Trust

By: /s/
Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy Kaplan

Title: Chief Executive Officer
and President

NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP

By: New Mountain Net Lease Trust,
its general partner

By: /s/ Teddy
Kaplan

Name: Teddy
Kaplan

Title: Chief Executive Officer
and President

New Mountain Finance Advisers, L.L.C.

By: /s/ Adam
Weinstein

Name: Adam
Weinstein

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to Advisory
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2426212d6_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

OF

NEWLEASE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP

A DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

January 2, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1 DEFINED TERMS

1

1.1 Definitions 1

1.2 Interpretation 8

ARTICLE 2 PARTNERSHIP FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION 9

2.1 Formation 9

2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent 9

2.3 Partners 9

2.4 Term and Dissolution 9

2.5 Filing of Certificate and Perfection of Limited Partnership 10

2.6 Certificates Representing Partnership Units 10

ARTICLE 3 BUSINESS OF THE PARTNERSHIP 10

ARTICLE 4 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 11

4.1 Capital Contributions 11

4.2 Classes of Partnership Units 11

4.3 Additional Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests 11

4.4 Additional Funding 13

4.5 Capital Accounts 13

4.6 Percentage Interests 14

4.7 No Interest on Contributions 14

4.8 Return of Capital Contributions 14

4.9 No Third Party Beneficiary 14

4.10 No Preemptive Rights 14

ARTICLE 5 PROFITS AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS

14

5.1 Allocation of Profit and Loss 14

5.2 Distribution of Cash 17

5.3 REIT Distribution Requirements 19

5.4 No Right to Distributions in Kind 19

5.5 Limitations on Return of Capital Contributions 19

5.6 Distributions Upon Liquidation 19

5.7 Substantial Economic Effect 20

5.8 Reinvestment 20

ARTICLE 6 RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS AND POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER 21

6.1 Management of the Partnership 21

6.2 Delegation of Authority 23

6.3 Indemnification and Exculpation of Indemnitees 23

6.4 Liability and Obligations of the General Partner 24

6.5 Reimbursement of General Partner 25

6.6 Outside Activities 25

6.7 Transactions With Affiliates 25

6.8 Title to Partnership Assets 26

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued)

6.9 Repurchases and Exchanges of REIT Shares 26

6.10 No Duplication of Fees or Expenses 26

ARTICLE 7 CHANGES IN GENERAL PARTNER 26

7.1 Transfer of the General Partners Partnership Interest 26

7.2 Admission of a Substitute or Additional General Partner 27

7.3 Effect of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner 28

7.4 Removal of a General Partner 28

ARTICLE 8 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS

29

8.1 Management of the Partnership 29

8.2 Power of Attorney 29

8.3 Limitation on Liability of Limited Partners 29

8.4 Redemption Right 29

8.5 Required Redemption of Limited Partners 31

ARTICLE 9 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 32

9.1 Purchase for Investment 32

9.2 Restrictions on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests 32

9.3 Admission of Substitute Limited Partner 33

9.4 Rights of Assignees of Partnership Interests 34

9.5 Effect of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited Partner 34

9.6 Joint Ownership of Interests 34

ARTICLE 10 BOOKS AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS 35

10.1 Books and Records 35

10.2 Custody of Partnership Funds; Bank Accounts 35

10.3 Fiscal and Taxable Year 35

10.4 Annual Tax Information and Report 35

10.5 Partnership Representative; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments 35

10.6 Reports to Limited Partners 36

ARTICLE 11 AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT; MERGER 36

ARTICLE 12 GENERAL PROVISIONS

37

12.1 Notices 37

12.2 Survival of Rights 37

12.3 Additional Documents 37

12.4 Severability 37

12.5 Entire Agreement 37

12.6 Pronouns and Plurals 37

12.7 Headings 37

12.8 Counterparts 37

12.9 Governing Law 37

EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A - Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right

ii

AMENDED AND RESTATED

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

OF

NEWLEASE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP

This Amended and Restated
Limited Partnership Agreement (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, this Agreement)
of NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP (the Partnership), dated as of January 2, 2025, is entered into by and
among New Mountain Net Lease Trust, a Maryland statutory trust, as general partner (the General Partner) and as
a Limited Partner (as defined herein), NEWLEASE Special Limited Partner, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Special Limited
Partner), NMNC Initial Limited Partner L.P., L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Initial Limited Partner),
solely for the purpose of withdrawing as limited partner, and the Limited Partners party hereto from time to time. This Agreement shall
supersede and replace any and all prior limited partnership agreements of the Partnership.

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Partnership
was initially formed on January 30, 2018, as a Maryland corporation;

WHEREAS, on January 2,
2025, the Partnership filed (i) articles of conversion with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (SDAT),
(ii) a certificate of conversion with the Delaware Secretary of State, and (iii) a certificate of limited partnership was filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Certificate of Limited Partnership), pursuant to which
the Partnership converted from a Maryland corporation to a Delaware limited partnership and changed its name to NEWLEASE Operating
Partnership LP.; and

WHEREAS, the parties
hereto desire to permit the withdrawal of the Initial Limited Partner and to admit the Special Limited Partner.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing, of mutual covenants between the parties hereto, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINED
TERMS

1.1 Definitions.
The following defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings specified below:

Act
means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto.

Additional Funds
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.

Additional Securities
means any additional REIT Shares (other than REIT Shares issued in connection with a Redemption pursuant to Section 8.4)
or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities containing the right to subscribe for or purchase REIT Shares,
as set forth in Section 4.3(a)(iii).

Administrative
Expenses means (i) all administrative and operating costs and expenses incurred by the Partnership and its Subsidiaries,
(ii) those administrative costs and expenses of the General Partner, including any salaries or other payments to directors, officers
or employees of the General Partner, and any accounting and legal expenses of the General Partner, which expenses are expenses of the
Partnership and not the General Partner, and (iii) to the extent not included in clause (ii) above, REIT Expenses; provided,
however, that Administrative Expenses shall not include any administrative costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner
that are attributable to assets that are not owned directly or indirectly by the Partnership.

Adviser
means the Person appointed, employed or contracted with by the General Partner and the Partnership and responsible for directing or performing
the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner and the Partnership, including any Person to whom the Adviser subcontracts all
or substantially all of such functions.

Advisory Agreement
means the agreement between the General Partner, the Partnership and the Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser will direct or perform
the day-to-day business affairs of the General Partner and the Partnership, as such agreement may be amended, supplemented and/or renewed
from time to time.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding with the power to vote 10%
or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person; (ii) any Person 10% or more of whose outstanding voting securities
are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person; (iii) any Person directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person, including any partnership in which such Person
is a general partner; (iv) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person; and (v) any legal
entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner.

Aggregate Share
Ownership Limit shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Agreed Value
means the fair market value (net of any liabilities assumed by the Partnership) of a Partners non-cash Capital Contribution as
of the date of contribution as agreed to by such Partner and the General Partner. The Agreed Value of any non-cash Capital Contributions
by a Partner as of the date of contribution are set forth on the Partnerships books and records.

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Applicable Percentage
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4(b).

Capital Account
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.

Capital Contribution
means the total amount of cash, cash equivalents or the Agreed Value of any Property or other asset (other than cash or cash equivalents)
contributed or agreed to be contributed, as the context requires, to the Partnership by each Partner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Any reference to the Capital Contribution of a Partner shall include the Capital Contribution made by a predecessor holder of the Partnership
Interest of such Partner.

Carrying Value
means, with respect to any asset of the Partnership, the assets adjusted net basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes or, in
the case of any asset contributed to the Partnership, the fair market value of such asset at the time of contribution, reduced by any
amounts attributable to the inclusion of liabilities in basis pursuant to Section 752 of the Code, except that the Carrying Values
of all assets may, at the discretion of the General Partner, be adjusted to equal their respective fair market values (as determined
by the General Partner), in accordance with the rules set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), as provided for
in Section 4.5. In the case of any asset of the Partnership that has a Carrying Value that differs from its adjusted tax
basis, the Carrying Value shall be adjusted by the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization calculated for purposes of the
definition of Profit and Loss rather than the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization determined for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

Cash Amount
means an amount of cash per Partnership Unit equal to the applicable Redemption Price determined by the General Partner.

Certificate
means any instrument or document that is required under the laws of the State of Delaware, including the Certificate of Limited Partnership,
or any other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business, to be signed and sworn to by any of the Partners of the Partnership
(either by themselves or pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted to the General Partner in Section 8.2) and filed for recording
in the appropriate public offices within the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction to perfect or maintain the Partnership as a
limited partnership, to effect the admission, withdrawal, or substitution of any Partner of the Partnership, or to protect the limited
liability of the Limited Partners as limited partners under the laws of the State of Delaware or such other jurisdiction.

2

Certificate of
Limited Partnership shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Class
means a class of REIT Shares or Partnership Units, as the context may require.

Class A Conversion
Rate means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class A Unit and the denominator
of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I Unit.

Class A REIT
Shares means the REIT Shares referred to as Class A Common Shares in the Declaration of Trust.

Class A Unit
means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class A Unit as provided in this Agreement.

Class E Conversion
Rate means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class E Unit and the denominator
of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I Unit.

Class E REIT
Shares means the REIT Shares referred to as Class E Common Shares in the Declaration of Trust.

Class E Unit
means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class E Unit as provided in this Agreement.

Class F Conversion
Rate means the fraction, the numerator of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class F Unit and the denominator
of which is the Net Asset Value Per Unit for each Class I Unit.

Class F REIT
Shares means the REIT Shares referred to as Class F Common Shares in the Declaration of Trust.

Class F Unit
means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class F Unit as provided in this Agreement.

Class I REIT
Shares means the REIT Shares referred to as Class I Common Shares in the Declaration of Trust.

Class I Unit
means a Partnership Unit entitling the holder thereof to the rights of a holder of a Class I Unit as provided in this Agreement.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Reference to any particular provision of the Code shall mean that
provision in the Code at the date hereof and any successor provision of the Code.

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Share Ownership
Limit shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Conversion Event
shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Declaration of
Trust means the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the General Partner, dated as of December 16, 2024, as further
amended or supplemented from time to time.

DRIP
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.8.

DRIP Participant
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.8.

Electronic Signature
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.8.

3

Event of Bankruptcy
as to any Person means the filing of a petition for relief as to such Person as debtor or bankrupt under the Bankruptcy Code of 1978
or similar provision of law of any jurisdiction (except if such petition is contested by such Person and has been dismissed within 90
days); insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person as finally determined by a court proceeding; filing by such Person of a petition or application
to accomplish the same or for the appointment of a receiver or a trustee for such Person or a substantial part of his assets; commencement
of any proceedings relating to such Person as a debtor under any other reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, adjustment of debt or
liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now in existence or hereinafter in effect, either by such Person or by another, provided
that if such proceeding is commenced by another, such Person indicates his approval of such proceeding, consents thereto or acquiesces
therein, or such proceeding is contested by such Person and has not been finally dismissed within 90 days.

Excepted Holder
Limit shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Excess Profits
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c)(i).

Exchanged REIT
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.9(b).

Federal Reserve
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2(a).

GAAP
means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

General Partner
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble and shall include any Person who becomes a substitute or additional General Partner
as provided herein, and any of their successors as General Partner, in such Persons capacity as a General Partner of the Partnership.

General Partnership
Interest means any Partnership Interest held by the General Partner, other than any Partnership Interest it holds in its capacity
as a Limited Partner.

Hurdle Amount
for any period during a calendar year means that amount that results in a 5% annualized internal rate of return on the Net Asset Value
of the Performance Participation Units outstanding at the beginning of the then-current calendar year and all Performance Participation
Units issued since the beginning of the then-current calendar year, taking into account the timing and amount of all distributions accrued
or paid (without duplication) on all such Performance Participation Units and all issuances of Performance Participation Units over the
period and calculated in accordance with recognized industry practices. The ending Net Asset Value of the Performance Participation Units
used in calculating the internal rate of return will be calculated before giving effect to any allocation or accrual to the Performance
Participation Allocation and any applicable shareholder servicing fee expenses, provided that the calculation of the Hurdle Amount for
any period will exclude any Performance Participation Units repurchased during such period, which Performance Participation Units will
be subject to the Performance Participation Allocation upon such repurchase as described in Section 5.2(c).

Indemnitee
means (i) any Person made a party to a proceeding by reason of its status as the General Partner or a director, trustee, officer
or employee of the General Partner or the Partnership, (ii) the Adviser, (iii) the Special Limited Partner, (iv) the Partnership
Representative and (v) such other Persons (including Affiliates of the General Partner or the Partnership) as the General Partner
may designate from time to time, in its sole and absolute discretion.

Initial Limited
Partner shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Joint Venture
means any joint venture or partnership arrangement (other than the Partnership) in which the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries is
a co-venturer or partner established to acquire or hold assets of the Partnership.

Limited Partner
means the General Partner in its capacity as a Limited Partner, and any other Person identified as a Limited Partner on the Partnerships
books and records, upon the execution and delivery by such Person of an additional limited partner signature page, and any Person who
becomes a Substitute Limited Partner, in such Persons capacity as a Limited Partner in the Partnership.

4

Limited Partnership
Interest means the ownership interest of a Limited Partner in the Partnership at any particular time, including the right
of such Limited Partner to any and all benefits to which such Limited Partner may be entitled as provided in this Agreement and in the
Act, together with the obligations of such Limited Partner to comply with all the provisions of this Agreement and of such Act. A Limited
Partnership Interest may be expressed as a number of Partnership Units.

Listing
means the listing of any Class of REIT Shares on a national securities exchange. Upon such Listing, the shares shall be deemed Listed.

Loss
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(e).

Loss Carryforward
Amount shall initially equal zero and shall cumulatively increase by the absolute value of any negative annual Total Return
and decrease by any positive annual Total Return, provided that the Loss Carryforward Amount shall at no time be less than zero and provided
further that the calculation of the Loss Carryforward Amount will exclude the Total Return related to any Performance Participation Units
repurchased during such year, which Performance Participation Units will be subject to the Performance Participation Allocation upon
such repurchase as described in Section 5.2(c).

Memorandum
means the confidential private placement memorandum of the General Partner with respect to the applicable Offering, as such memorandum
may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

Net Asset Value
means (i) for any Partnership Units, the net asset value of such Partnership Units, determined as of the last calendar day of each
month as described in the Memorandum and (ii) for any REIT Shares, the net asset value of such REIT Shares, determined as of the
last calendar day of each month as described in the Memorandum.

Net Asset Value
Per REIT Share means, for each Class of REIT Shares, the Net Asset Value per share of such Class of REIT Shares,
determined as of the last calendar day of each month as described in the Memorandum.

Net Asset Value
Per Unit means, for each Class of Partnership Units, the Net Asset Value per unit of such Class of Partnership Units,
determined as of the last calendar day of each month as described in the Memorandum.

Notice of Redemption
means the Notice of Exercise of Redemption Right substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A.

Offer
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b)(ii).

Offering
means an offer and sale of securities, including, without limitation, REIT Shares and Partnership Units.

Partner
means any General Partner, Special Limited Partner or Limited Partner.

Partner Nonrecourse
Debt Minimum Gain means an amount with respect to each Partners nonrecourse debt (as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) equal to the Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if such partner nonrecourse debt were treated as
a nonrecourse liability (as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2)) determined in accordance with U.S. Treasury
Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3).

Partnership
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Partnership Interest
means an ownership interest in the Partnership held by a Limited Partner, the General Partner or the Special Limited Partner and includes
any and all benefits to which the holder of such a Partnership Interest may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together with
all obligations of such Person to comply with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

5

Partnership Minimum
Gain shall have the meaning specified in U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).

Partnership Record
Date means the record date established by the General Partner for the distribution of cash pursuant to Section 5.2,
which record date shall be the same as the record date established by the General Partner for a distribution to its shareholders of some
or all of its portion of such distribution.

Partnership Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

Partnership Representative
shall have the meaning for partnership representative set forth in Section 6223 of the Code and any designated
individual, if applicable, as defined in the Regulations thereunder (including, in each case, any similar capacity or role under
relevant non-U.S., state or local law).

Partnership Unit
means a fractional, undivided share of the Partnership Interests (other than the General Partnership Interest and the Special Limited
Partner Interest) of all Partners issued hereunder, including Class A Units, Class E Units, Class F Units, and Class I
Units. The allocation of Partnership Units of each Class among the Partners shall be as set forth on the Partnerships books
and records.

Percentage Interest
means the percentage ownership interest in the Partnership of each Partner, as determined by dividing the Partnership Units owned by
a Partner by the total number of Partnership Units then outstanding. The Percentage Interest of each Partner shall be as set forth on
the Partnerships books and records.

Performance Participation
Allocation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).

Performance Participation
Units means, collectively, the Class A Units, Class F Units, and Class I Units. Class E Units shall not
be considered Performance Participation Units.

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or
501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of
the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other legal
entity.

Profit
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(e).

Property
means any Real Property, Real Estate Securities or other investment in which the Partnership holds an ownership interest.

Quarterly Allocation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).

Quarterly Shortfall
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).

Quarterly Shortfall
Obligation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(c).

Real Estate Securities
means equity and debt securities of both publicly traded and private companies, including REITs and pass-through entities, that own Real
Property or loans secured by real estate, including investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities and derivative instruments,
owned by the General Partner or the Partnership directly or indirectly through one or more of its Affiliates.

Real Property
means land, rights in land (including leasehold interests) and any buildings, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and equipment
located on or used in connection with land and rights or interests in land.

Received REIT Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.9(b).

Redemption
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4(a).

6

Redemption Price
means the Value of the REIT Shares Amount as of the end of the Specified Redemption Date.

Redemption Right
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4(a).

Regulations
means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended from time to time. Reference to any particular provision
of the Regulations shall mean that provision of the Regulations on the date hereof and any successor provision of the Regulations.

Regulatory Allocations
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(g).

REIT
means a real estate investment trust as defined pursuant to Sections 856 through 860 of the Code.

REIT Expenses
means (i) costs and expenses relating to the formation and continuity of existence and operation of the General Partner and any
Subsidiaries thereof (which Subsidiaries shall, for purposes of this defined term, be included within the definition of General Partner),
including taxes, fees and assessments associated therewith, any and all costs, expenses or fees payable to any director, trustee, officer,
or employee of the General Partner or service providers to the General Partner (including service providers affiliated with the Adviser),
(ii) costs and expenses relating to any Offering, issuance and/or registration of securities by the General Partner or the Partnership
and all filings, statements, reports, fees and expenses incidental thereto, including, without limitation, underwriting discounts, placement
agent fees, and selling commissions applicable to any such Offering of securities, any shareholder servicing fees, and any costs and
expenses associated with any claims made by any holders of such securities or any underwriters or placement agents thereof, (iii) costs
and expenses associated with any repurchase of any securities by the General Partner, (iv) costs and expenses associated with the
preparation and filing of any periodic or other reports and communications by the General Partner under U.S. federal, state or local
laws or regulations, including filings with the Commission, (v) costs and expenses associated with compliance by the General Partner
with laws, rules and regulations promulgated by any regulatory body, including the Commission and any securities exchange, (vi) the
management fee payable to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement and other fees and expenses payable to other services providers of
the General Partner, (vii) costs and expenses incurred by the General Partner relating to any issuance or redemption of Partnership
Interests and/or REIT Shares, (viii) all other operating or administrative costs of the General Partner incurred in the ordinary
course of its business on behalf of or in connection with the Partnership and (ix) without duplication, amounts required to be paid
or reimbursed to the Adviser pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement.

REIT Share
means a common share of the General Partner (or successor entity, as the case may be), including Class A REIT Shares, Class E
REIT Shares, Class F REIT Shares, and Class I REIT Shares.

REIT Shares Amount
means a number of REIT Shares having the same Class designation as the Class of Partnership Units offered for exchange by a
Tendering Party equal to such number of Partnership Units; provided that in the event the General Partner issues to all holders of REIT
Shares rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities entitling the shareholders to subscribe for or purchase REIT
Shares, or any other securities or property (collectively, the rights), and the rights have not expired at the Specified
Redemption Date, then the REIT Shares Amount shall also include the rights issuable to a holder of the REIT Shares Amount of REIT Shares
on the record date fixed for purposes of determining the holders of REIT Shares entitled to rights.

Related Party
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person whose ownership of shares of the General Partners capital stock would be attributed
to the first such Person under Code Section 544 (as modified by Code Section 856(h)(1)(B)).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to any provision of the Securities
Act shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted
by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time.

7

Special Limited
Partner shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. The Special Limited Partner shall be a limited partner and recognized
as such under applicable Delaware law, but not a Limited Partner within the meaning of this Agreement (other than to the
extent it owns Partnership Units).

Special Limited
Partner Interest means the interest of the Special Limited Partner in the Partnership representing solely its right as the
holder of an interest in distributions described in Section 5.2(c) (and any corresponding allocations of income, gain,
loss and deduction under this Agreement), and not any interest in Partnership Units it may own from time to time.

Specified Redemption
Date means the first business day of the month following the month of the day that is 45 days after the receipt by the General
Partner of the Notice of Redemption.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation or other entity of which a majority of (i) the voting power of the voting equity
securities or (ii) the outstanding equity interests is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.

Substitute Limited
Partner means any Person admitted to the Partnership as a Limited Partner pursuant to Section 9.3.

Successor Entity
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(a)(ii).

Survivor
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c).

Tax Advances
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(d).

Tendered Units
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4(a).

Tendering Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4(a).

Total Return
for any period since the end of the prior calendar year shall equal the sum of: (i) all distributions accrued or paid (without duplication)
on the Performance Participation Units outstanding at the end of such period since the beginning of the then-current calendar year plus
(ii) the change in aggregate Net Asset Value of such Performance Participation Units since the beginning of such year, before
giving effect to (x) changes resulting solely from the proceeds of issuances of Performance Participation Units, (y) any allocation
or accrual to the Performance Participation Allocation and (z) any applicable shareholder servicing fee expenses (including any
payments made to the General Partner for payment of such expenses). For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Total Return will
(i) include any appreciation or depreciation in the Net Asset Value of Performance Participation Units issued during the then-current
calendar year but (ii) exclude the proceeds from the initial issuance of such Performance Participation Units.

Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b).

Transfer
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a).

Trustee
shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

Value
means, for any Class of REIT Shares, (i) if such Class of REIT Shares are Listed, the average closing price per share
for the previous 30 trading days, or (ii) if such Class of REIT Shares are not Listed, the Net Asset Value Per REIT Share for
REIT Shares of that Class.

1.2 Interpretation.
The definitions in Section 1.1 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Wherever the context
may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. For all purposes
of this Agreement, the term control and variations thereof shall mean possession of the authority to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of the specified entity, through the direct or indirect ownership of equity interests therein,
by contract or otherwise. As used in this Agreement, the words include, includes and including
shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. As used in this Agreement, the terms herein,
hereof and hereunder shall refer to this Agreement in its entirety. Any references in this Agreement to Sections
or Articles shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to Sections or Articles, respectively, in this Agreement. Any references
in this Agreement to an Exhibit shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to an Exhibit attached to this Agreement,
as such Exhibit may be amended from time to time. Each such Exhibit shall be deemed incorporated in this Agreement in full.

8

ARTICLE 2

PARTNERSHIP
FORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION

2.1 Formation.
The Partnership was formed as a limited partnership pursuant to the Act and all other pertinent laws of the State of Delaware, for the
purposes and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws as a limited partner
immediately following the admission of the Special Limited Partner and thereafter shall have no further rights, liabilities or obligations
under or with respect to this Agreement.

2.2 Name,
Office and Registered Agent. The name of the Partnership is NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP. The Partnerships business
may be conducted under any other name or names deemed advisable by the General Partner, including the name of the General Partner or
any Affiliate thereof. The words Limited Partnership, LP, Ltd. or similar words or letters
shall be included in the Partnerships name where necessary for the purposes of complying with the laws of any jurisdiction that
so requires. The General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion may change the name of the Partnership at any time and from time
to time and shall notify the Partners of such change in the next regular communication to the Partners (or, in the sole discretion of
the General Partner, earlier). The specified office and principal place of business of the Partnership shall be 1633 Broadway, New York,
New York 10019. The General Partner may at any time change the location of such office, provided the General Partner gives notice to
the Partners of any such change. The name and address of the Partnerships registered agent is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation
Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The sole duty of the registered agent as such is to forward to the Partnership
any notice that is served on him as registered agent. The Partnership may maintain offices at such other place or places within or outside
the State of Delaware as the General Partner deems advisable.

2.3 Partners.

(a) The
General Partner of the Partnership is New Mountain Net Lease Trust, a Maryland statutory trust. Its principal place of business is the
same as that of the Partnership.

(b) The
Limited Partners are the General Partner (in its capacity as Limited Partner) and any other Persons identified as Limited Partners on
the Partnerships books and records. A Person shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership at the time that (i) this
Agreement or a counterpart hereof is executed by or on behalf of such Person and (ii) such Person is listed by the General Partner
as a Limited Partner of the Partnership in the Partnership Register.

(c) The
Special Limited Partner is NEWLEASE Special Limited Partner LP, a Delaware limited partnership. Its principal place of business is the
same as that of the Partnership.

2.4 Term
and Dissolution.

(a) The
Partnership commenced upon the filing for record of (i) the certificate of conversion and (ii) the Certificate of Limited Partnership
in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 2, 2025, and shall continue indefinitely, except that
the Partnership shall be dissolved upon the first to occur of any of the following events:

(i) The
occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a General Partner or the dissolution, death, removal or withdrawal of a General Partner unless
the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b); provided that if a General Partner is on the date
of such occurrence a partnership, the dissolution of such General Partner as a result of the dissolution, death, withdrawal, removal
or Event of Bankruptcy of a partner in such partnership shall not be an event of dissolution of the Partnership if the business of such
General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners, either alone or with additional partners, and such General Partner
and such partners comply with any other applicable requirements of this Agreement;

9

(ii) The
passage of 90 days after the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership (provided that if
the Partnership receives an installment obligation as consideration for such sale or other disposition, the Partnership shall continue,
unless sooner dissolved under the provisions of this Agreement, until such time as such note or notes are paid in full); or

(iii) The
election by the General Partner that the Partnership should be dissolved.

(b) Upon
dissolution of the Partnership (unless the business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3(b)), the General
Partner (or its Trustee, receiver, successor or legal representative) shall amend or cancel any Certificate(s) and liquidate the
Partnerships assets and apply and distribute the proceeds thereof in accordance with Section 5.6. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the liquidating General Partner may either (i) defer liquidation of, or withhold from distribution for a reasonable
time, any assets of the Partnership (including those necessary to satisfy the Partnerships debts and obligations), or (ii) distribute
the assets to the Partners in kind.

2.5 Filing
of Certificate and Perfection of Limited Partnership. The General Partner shall execute, acknowledge, record and file at the
expense of the Partnership, any and all amendments to the Certificate(s) and all requisite fictitious name statements and notices
in such places and jurisdictions as may be necessary to cause the Partnership to be treated as a limited partnership under, and otherwise
to comply with, the laws of each state or other jurisdiction in which the Partnership conducts business.

2.6 Certificates
Representing Partnership Units. At the request of a Limited Partner, the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion,
may issue (but in no way is obligated to issue) a certificate specifying the number and Class of Partnership Units owned by the
Limited Partner as of the date of such certificate. Any such certificate (i) shall be in form and substance as approved by the General
Partner, (ii) shall not be negotiable and (iii) shall bear a legend to the following effect:

This certificate is not negotiable.
The Partnership Units represented by this certificate are governed by and transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the
Limited Partnership Agreement of NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP, as amended from time to time.

ARTICLE 3

BUSINESS
OF THE PARTNERSHIP

The purpose and nature of
the business to be conducted by the Partnership is (i) to conduct any business that may be lawfully conducted by a limited partnership
organized pursuant to the Act, provided, however, that such business shall be limited to and conducted in such a manner as to permit
the General Partner at all times to qualify as a REIT, and in a manner such that the General Partner will not be subject to any taxes
under Section 857 or 4981 of the Code (to the extent the General Partner determines not being subject to such taxes is desirable),
unless the General Partner otherwise ceases to qualify as a REIT, (ii) to enter into any partnership, joint venture or other similar
arrangement to engage in any of the foregoing or the ownership of interests in any entity engaged in any of the foregoing and (iii) to
do anything necessary or incidental to the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Limited Partners agree that the General Partner
may terminate its status as a REIT under the Code at any time to the full extent permitted under the Declaration of Trust. The General
Partner on behalf of the Partnership shall also be empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the
Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code.

10

ARTICLE 4

CAPITAL
CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS

4.1 Capital
Contributions. The General Partner and the Limited Partners have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership in exchange for
the Partnership Interests set forth opposite their names on the Partnerships books and records (the Partnership Register).
The General Partner may keep, or cause to be kept, the Partnerships books and records current through separate revisions that
reflect periodic changes to the Capital Contributions made by the Partners and Redemptions and other purchases of Partnership Units by
the Partnership, and corresponding changes to the Partnership Interests of the Partners, without preparing an amendment to this Agreement.
Any reference in this Agreement to the Partnership Register shall be deemed a reference to the Partnership Register as in effect from
time to time. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the General Partner may take any action authorized hereunder in respect of the
Partnership Register without any need to obtain the consent or approval of any other Partner. No action of any Limited Partner shall
be required to amend or update the Partnership Register. Except as required by law, no Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a
copy of the information set forth in the Partnership Register relating to any Partner other than itself.

4.2 Classes
of Partnership Units. The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units designated
as Class A Units, Class E Units, Class F Units, and Class I Units. Each such Class shall have the rights and
obligations attributed to that Class under this Agreement. The General Partner may supplement this Agreement to permit the issuance
of additional Classes of Partnership Units.

4.3 Additional
Capital Contributions and Issuances of Additional Partnership Interests. Except as provided in this Section 4.3, Section 4.4
or in any separate agreement with one or more Partners, the Partners shall have no right or obligation to make any additional Capital
Contributions or loans to the Partnership. The General Partner may contribute additional capital to the Partnership, from time to time,
and receive additional Partnership Interests in respect thereof, in the manner contemplated in this Section 4.3.

(a) Issuances
of Additional Partnership Interests.

(i) General.
The General Partner is hereby authorized to cause the Partnership to issue such additional Partnership Interests in the form of Partnership
Units for any Partnership purpose at any time or from time to time to the Partners (including the General Partner) or to other Persons
for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as shall be established by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion,
all without the approval of any Limited Partner, including but not limited to, (i) Partnership Units issued in connection with the
issuance of REIT Shares of or other interests in the General Partner, (ii) Partnership Units issued to the Special Limited Partner
with respect to payments made pursuant to the Performance Participation Allocation, (iii) Partnership Units issued to the Adviser
as a management fee pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, (iv) upon the conversion, redemption or exchange of any debt, Partnership
Units, or other securities issued by the Partnership, (v) in connection with any merger of any other Person into the Partnership,
(vi) upon the contribution of property or assets to the Partnership or otherwise in connection with the Partnerships acquisition
of property or assets, and (vii) for such consideration as the General Partner may determine. Upon the issuance of any additional
Partnership Interest, the General Partner shall, without the Consent of any other Partners, amend the Partnership Register as appropriate
to reflect such issuance. Any additional Partnership Interests issued thereby may be issued in one or more Classes (including the Classes
specified in this Agreement or any other Classes), or one or more series of any of such Classes, with such designations, preferences
and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, voting and other powers and duties, including rights, powers and duties
senior to Limited Partnership Interests, all as shall be determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion and without
the approval of any Limited Partner, subject to Delaware law, including, without limitation, (i) the allocations of items of Partnership
income, gain, loss, deduction and credit to each such Class or series of Partnership Interests; (ii) the right of each such
Class or series of Partnership Interests to share in Partnership distributions; and (iii) the rights of each such Class or
series of Partnership Interests upon dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership; provided, however, that no additional Partnership
Interests shall be issued to the General Partner unless:

(1) the
additional Partnership Interests are issued in connection with an issuance of Additional Securities by the General Partner in accordance
with Section 4.3(a)(iii);

11

(2) the
additional Partnership Interests are issued in exchange for property owned by the General Partner or in exchange for other consideration
with a fair market value, as determined by the General Partner, in good faith, equal to the value of the Partnership Interests;

(3) the
additional Partnership Interests are issued upon the conversion, redemption or exchange of debt, Partnership Units or other securities
issued by the Partnership; or

(4) the
additional Partnership Interests are also offered or issued to all Partners holding Partnership Units of the same Class or series
in proportion to the Partnership Units of such Class or series held by such Partners.

Without limiting the foregoing, the
General Partner is expressly authorized to cause the Partnership to issue Partnership Units for less than fair market value, so long
as the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership.

(ii) Adjustment
Events. In the event the General Partner (i) declares or pays a dividend on any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares in
REIT Shares or makes a distribution to all holders of any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares in REIT Shares, (ii) subdivides
any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares, or (iii) combines any Class of its outstanding REIT Shares into a smaller number
of REIT Shares with respect to any Class of REIT Shares, then a corresponding adjustment to the number of outstanding Partnership
Units of the applicable Class necessary to maintain the proportionate relationship between the number of outstanding Partnership
Units of such Class to the number of outstanding REIT Shares of such Class shall automatically, and without further action
by the General Partner or any Limited Partner, be made. Additionally, in the event that any other entity shall become General Partner
pursuant to any merger, consolidation or combination of the General Partner with or into another entity (the Successor Entity),
the number of outstanding Partnership Units of each Class shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by the number of shares of
the Successor Entity into which one REIT Share of such Class is converted pursuant to such merger, consolidation or combination,
determined as of the date of such merger, consolidation or combination. Any adjustment to the number of outstanding Partnership Units
of any Class shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record date, if any, for
such event; provided, however, that if the General Partner receives a Notice of Redemption after the record date, but prior to the effective
date of such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination, or such merger, consolidation or combination, the number of outstanding
Partnership Units of any Class shall be determined as if the General Partner had received the Notice of Redemption immediately prior
to the record date for such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination or such merger, consolidation or combination. If the General
Partner takes any other action affecting the REIT Shares other than actions specifically described above and, in the opinion of the General
Partner such action would require an adjustment to the number of Partnership Units to maintain the proportionate relationship between
the number of outstanding Partnership Units to the number of outstanding REIT Shares, the General Partner shall have the right to make
such adjustment to the number of Partnership Units, to the extent permitted by law, in such manner and at such time as the General Partner,
in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate under the circumstances.

(iii) Upon
Issuance of Additional Securities. Upon the issuance by the General Partner of any Additional Securities (including pursuant to the
General Partners distribution reinvestment plan) other than to all holders of REIT Shares, the General Partner shall contribute
any net proceeds from the issuance of such Additional Securities and from any exercise of rights contained in such Additional Securities,
directly and through the General Partner, to the Partnership in return for, as the General Partner may designate, Partnership Interests
or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities of the Partnership having designations, preferences and other
rights such that their economic interests are substantially similar to those of the Additional Securities; provided, however,
that the General Partner is allowed to issue Additional Securities in connection with an acquisition of assets that would not be owned
directly or indirectly by the Partnership, but if and only if, such acquisition and issuance of Additional Securities have been approved
and determined to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership; provided further, that
the General Partner is allowed to use net proceeds from the issuance and sale of such Additional Securities to repurchase REIT Shares
pursuant to a share repurchase plan. Without limiting the foregoing, the General Partner is expressly authorized to issue Additional
Securities for less than fair market value, and to cause the Partnership to issue to the General Partner corresponding Partnership Interests,
so long as the General Partner concludes in good faith that such issuance is in the best interests of the General Partner and the Partnership,
including without limitation, the issuance of REIT Shares and corresponding Partnership Units pursuant to an employee share purchase
plan that provides for employee purchases of REIT Shares at a discount from fair market value or employee stock options that have an
exercise price that is less than the fair market value of the REIT Shares, either at the time of issuance or at the time of exercise.
Without limiting the foregoing, if the General Partner issues REIT Shares of any Class for a cash purchase price and contributes
all of the net proceeds of such issuance to the Partnership as required hereunder, the General Partner shall be issued a number of additional
Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the issued REIT Shares equal to the number of such REIT Shares of that Class issued
by the General Partner the proceeds of which were so contributed.

12

(b) Certain
Deemed Contributions of Proceeds of Issuance of REIT Shares. In connection with any and all issuances of REIT Shares, to the extent
that the General Partner shall make Capital Contributions to the Partnership of the net proceeds therefrom, if the net proceeds actually
received and contributed by the General Partner in respect of the REIT Shares the net proceeds of which were so contributed are less
than the gross proceeds of such issuance as a result of any underwriters discount, placement agent fees or other expenses paid
or incurred in connection with such issuance, then the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership
in the aggregate amount of the gross proceeds of such issuance and the Partnership shall be deemed simultaneously to have paid such Offering
expenses in accordance with Section 6.5 and in connection with the required issuance of additional Partnership Units to the
General Partner for such Capital Contributions pursuant to Section 4.3(a), and any such expenses shall be allocable solely
to the Class of Partnership Units issued to the General Partner at such time. In connection with any and all issuances of REIT Shares
pursuant to the General Partners distribution reinvestment plan, the General Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions
to the Partnership in the aggregate amount of the distributions that have been reinvested in respect of the REIT Shares issued by the
General Partner in return for an equal number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the issued REIT Shares.

4.4 Additional
Funding. If the General Partner determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership to provide for additional Partnership
funds (Additional Funds) for any Partnership purpose, the General Partner may (i) cause the Partnership to
obtain such funds from outside borrowings, (ii) elect to have the General Partner or any of its Affiliates provide such Additional
Funds to the Partnership through loans, the purchase of additional Partnership Interests or otherwise (which the General Partner or such
Affiliates will have the option, but not the obligation, of providing) or (iii) cause the Partnership to issue additional Partnership
Interests and admit additional Limited Partners to the Partnership in accordance with Section 4.3.

4.5 Capital
Accounts. A separate capital account (a Capital Account) shall be established and maintained for each Partner
in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) and a Partner shall have a single Capital Account with respect to
all Partnership Interests held by such Partner. If (i) a new or existing Partner acquires an additional Partnership Interest in
exchange for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution, (ii) the Partnership distributes to a Partner more than a de
minimis amount of Partnership property or money as consideration for a Partnership Interest, (iii) the Partnership is liquidated
within the meaning of Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), or (iv) the Partnership grants a Partnership Interest (other
than a de minimis interest) as consideration for the provision of services to or for the benefit of the Partnership, the General
Partner may revalue the property of the Partnership to its fair market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute
discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code) in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f).
When the Partnerships property is revalued by the General Partner, the Capital Accounts of the Partners shall be adjusted in accordance
with Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and (g), which generally require such Capital Accounts to be adjusted to reflect
the manner in which the unrealized gain or loss inherent in such property (that has not been reflected in the Capital Accounts previously)
would be allocated among the Partners pursuant to Section 5.1 if there were a taxable disposition of such property for its fair
market value (as determined by the General Partner, in its sole and absolute discretion, and taking into account Section 7701(g) of
the Code) on the date of the revaluation. In furtherance of the foregoing and in accordance with Regulations Section 1.1061-3(c)(3)(ii)(B),
the Partnership shall, (i) calculate separate allocations attributable to (A) distribution entitlements that are not commensurate
with capital contributed to the Partnership and (B) distribution entitlements that are commensurate with capital contributed to
the Partnership (in each case, within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.1061-3(c)(3)(i) and as reasonably determined
by the General Partner), and (ii) consistently reflect each such allocation described in clause (i) in its books and records.

13

4.6 Percentage
Interests. If the number of outstanding Partnership Units increases or decreases during a taxable year, each Partners
Percentage Interest shall be adjusted by the General Partner effective as of the effective date of each such increase or decrease to
a percentage equal to the number of Partnership Units held by such Partner divided by the aggregate number of Partnership Units outstanding
after giving effect to such increase or decrease. If the Partners Percentage Interests are adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.6,
the Profits and Losses for the taxable year in which the adjustment occurs shall be allocated between the part of the year ending on
the day when the adjustment occurs and the part of the year beginning on the following day either (i) as if the taxable year had
ended on the date of the adjustment or (ii) based on the number of days in each part. The General Partner, in its sole and absolute
discretion, shall determine which method shall be used to allocate Profits and Losses for the taxable year in which the adjustment occurs.
The allocation of Profits and Losses for the earlier part of the year shall be based on the Percentage Interests before adjustment, and
the allocation of Profits and Losses for the later part shall be based on the adjusted Percentage Interests.

4.7 No
Interest on Contributions. No Partner shall be entitled to interest on its Capital Contribution.

4.8 Return
of Capital Contributions. No Partner shall be entitled to withdraw any part of its Capital Contribution or its Capital Account
or to receive any distribution from the Partnership, except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided
herein, there shall be no obligation to return to any Partner or withdrawn Partner any part of such Partners Capital Contribution
for so long as the Partnership continues in existence.

4.9 No
Third Party Beneficiary. No creditor or other third party having dealings with the Partnership shall have the right to enforce
the right or obligation of any Partner to make Capital Contributions or loans or to pursue any other right or remedy hereunder or at
law or in equity, it being understood and agreed that the provisions of this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of, and may be
enforced solely by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. None of the rights or obligations of the Partners
herein set forth to make Capital Contributions or loans to the Partnership shall be deemed an asset of the Partnership for any purpose
by any creditor or other third party, nor may such rights or obligations be sold, transferred or assigned by the Partnership or pledged
or encumbered by the Partnership to secure any debt or other obligation of the Partnership or of any of the Partners. In addition, it
is the intent of the parties hereto that no distribution to any Limited Partner shall be deemed a return of money or other property in
violation of the Act. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any
Limited Partner is obligated to return such money or property, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Limited Partner and not
of the General Partner. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a deficit Capital Account of a Partner shall not be deemed
to be a liability of such Partner nor an asset or property of the Partnership. No Partner shall be required to make a Capital Contribution
to restore a deficit in respect of its Capital Account.

4.10 No
Preemptive Rights. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no Person, including, without limitation, any Partner or assignee,
shall have any preemptive, preferential, participation or similar right or rights to subscribe for or acquire any Partnership Interest
or to otherwise make an additional Capital Contribution.

ARTICLE 5

PROFITS
AND LOSSES; DISTRIBUTIONS

5.1 Allocation
of Profit and Loss.

(a) General
Partner Gross Income Allocation. There shall be specially allocated to the General Partner an amount of (i) first, items of
Partnership income and (ii) second, items of Partnership gain during each taxable year or other applicable period, before any other
allocations are made hereunder, in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the cumulative reimbursements made to the General Partner
under Section 6.5(b) (other than reimbursements which would properly be treated as guaranteed payments
or which are attributable to the reimbursement of expenses which would properly be either deductible by the Partnership or added to the
tax basis of any Partnership asset) over the cumulative allocations of Partnership income and gain to the General Partner under this
Section 5.1(a).

14

(b) General
Allocations. The items of Profit and Loss of the Partnership for each taxable year or other applicable period, other than any items
allocated under Section 5.1(a), shall be allocated among the Partners in a manner that will, as nearly as possible (after
giving effect to the allocations under Section 5.1(a), 5.1(c), 5.1(f), 5.1(g) and 5.2(c))
cause the Capital Account balance of each Partner at the end of such taxable year or other applicable period to equal (i) the amount
of the hypothetical distribution that such Partner would receive if the Partnership were liquidated on the last day of such period and
all assets of the Partnership, including cash, were sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, taking into account any adjustments
thereto for such period, all liabilities of the Partnership were satisfied in full in cash according to their terms (limited with respect
to each nonrecourse liability to the Carrying Value of the assets securing such liability) and the remaining cash proceeds (after satisfaction
of such liabilities) were distributed in full pursuant to Section 5.2, minus (ii) the sum of such Partners share
of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain and the amount, if any and without duplication, that the Partner
would be obligated to contribute to the capital of the Partnership, all computed as of the date of the hypothetical sale of assets.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may make such allocations as it deems reasonably necessary to give economic effect
to the provisions of this Agreement, taking into account facts and circumstances as the General Partner deems reasonably necessary for
this purpose.

(c) Regulatory
Allocations. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:

(i) Minimum
Gain Chargeback. If there is a net decrease in Partnership Minimum Gain or Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain (determined in accordance
with the principles of U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(d) and 1.704-2(i)) during any Partnership taxable year, the Partners
shall be specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain for such year (and, if necessary, subsequent years) in an amount equal
to their respective shares of such net decrease during such year, determined pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g) and
1.704-2(i)(5). The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(f).
This Section 5.1(c)(i) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirements in such U.S. Treasury Regulations
Sections and shall be interpreted consistently therewith; including that no chargeback shall be required to the extent of the exceptions
provided in U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(f) and 1.704-2(i)(4).

(ii) Qualified
Income Offset. If any Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions described in U.S. Treasury Regulation
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6), items of Partnership income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Partner
in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate the deficit Capital Account balance created by such adjustments, allocations or distributions
as promptly as possible; provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 5.1(c)(ii) shall be made only to the extent
that a Partner would have a deficit Capital Account balance in excess of such sum after all other allocations provided for in this Article 5
have been tentatively made as if this Section 5.1(c)(ii) were not in this Agreement. This Section 5.1(c)(ii) is
intended to comply with the qualified income offset requirement of the Code and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(iii) Gross
Income Allocation. If one or more Partners has a deficit Capital Account at the end of any taxable year that is in excess of the
sum of (i) the amount each such Partner is obligated to restore, if any, pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, and (ii) the
amount each such Partner is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of U.S. Treasury Regulations Sections
1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), each such Partner shall be specially allocated items of Partnership income and gain in the amount
of such excess as quickly as possible (in proportion to the amount of such deficit); provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 5.1(c)(iii) shall
be made only if and to the extent that a Partner would have a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum after all other allocations
provided for in this Article 5 have been tentatively made as if Section 5.1(c)(ii) and this Section 5.1(c)(iii) were
not in this Agreement.

(iv) Payee
Allocation. If any payment to any person that is treated by the Partnership as the payment of an expense is recharacterized by a
taxing authority as a Partnership distribution to the payee as a partner, such payee shall be specially allocated, in the manner determined
by the General Partner, an amount of Partnership gross income and gain as quickly as possible equal to the amount of the distribution.

15

(v) Nonrecourse
Deductions. Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated pro rata based on the number of Partnership Units held by each Partner. Nonrecourse
Deductions shall have the meaning specified in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(2).

(vi) Partner
Nonrecourse Deductions. Partner Nonrecourse Deductions for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partner who bears the economic
risk of loss with respect to the liability to which such Partner Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with U.S. Treasury
Regulations Section 1.704-2(j). Partner Nonrecourse Deductions shall have the meaning specified in U.S. Treasury
Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(2).

(vii) Special
Allocations. Any special allocations of income or gain pursuant to Section 5.1(c)(ii) or Section 5.1(c)(iii) hereof
shall be taken into account in computing subsequent allocations pursuant to Section 5.1(b) and this Section 5.1(c)(vii),
so that the net amount of any items so allocated and all other items allocated to each Partner shall, to the extent possible, be equal
to the net amount that would have been allocated to each Partner if such allocations pursuant to Section 5.1(c)(ii) or
Section 5.1(c)(iii) had not occurred.

(d) Allocations
Between Transferor and Transferee. If a Partner transfers any part or all of its Partnership Interest, the distributive shares of
the various items of Profit and Loss allocable among the Partners during such taxable year of the Partnership shall be allocated between
the transferor and the transferee Partner consistent with applicable requirements under Section 706 of the Code. Consistent with
Section 1.706-4(f) of the Regulations, each Limited Partner expressly agrees that the General Partner shall be authorized to
select the method, convention and any additional extraordinary items for purposes of computing and allocating such distributive shares.

(e) Definition
of Profit and Loss. Profit and Loss and any items of income, gain, expense, or loss referred
to in this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the accounting method used by the Partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes with the following adjustments: (i) all items of income, gain, loss or deduction allocated pursuant to Sections 5.1(c)(i)-(iii) shall
not be taken into account in computing such taxable income or loss; (ii) any income of the Partnership that is exempt from U.S.
federal income taxation and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profit and Loss shall be added to such taxable income or loss;
(iii) if the Carrying Value of any asset differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, any depreciation,
amortization, gain or loss resulting from a disposition of such asset shall be calculated with reference to such Carrying Value; (iv) upon
an adjustment to the Carrying Value of any asset pursuant to the definition of Carrying Value (other than an adjustment in respect of
depreciation, amortization or cost recovery deductions), the amount of the adjustment shall be included as gain or loss in computing
such taxable income or loss; (v) if the Carrying Value of any asset differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the amount of depreciation, amortization or cost recovery deductions with respect to such asset for purposes of Profit
and Loss shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such Carrying Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization
or other cost recovery deductions bears to such adjusted tax basis (provided that if the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization
or other cost recovery deduction is zero, the Partners may use any reasonable method for purposes of determining depreciation, amortization
or other cost recovery deductions in calculating Profit and Loss); and (vi) except for items in (i) above, any expenditures
of the Partnership not deductible in computing taxable income or loss, not properly capitalizable and not otherwise taken into account
in computing Profit and Loss pursuant to this definition shall be treated as deductible items.

(f) Tax
Allocations. All items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the Partnership shall be allocated among the Partners for U.S.
federal, state and local income tax purposes consistent with the manner that the corresponding constituent items of Profit and Loss shall
be allocated among the Partners pursuant to this Agreement in the manner determined by the General Partner, except as may otherwise be
provided herein or by the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may make such allocations as it deems reasonably necessary
to give economic effect to the provisions of this Agreement, taking into account facts and circumstances as the General Partner deems
reasonably necessary for this purpose.

16

(g) Curative
Allocations. The allocations set forth in Section 5.1(c) of this Agreement (the Regulatory Allocations)
are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Regulations. The General Partner is authorized to offset all Regulatory Allocations
either with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other items of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant
to this Section 5.1(g). Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 5.1 (other than the Regulatory
Allocations), the General Partner shall make such offsetting special allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever
manner it deems appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each Partners Capital Account is, to the extent
possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Partner would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this Agreement
and all Partnership items were allocated pursuant to Section 5.1(a) and Section 5.1(b).

5.2 Distribution
of Cash.

(a) The
Partnership shall distribute cash on a monthly (or, at the election of the General Partner, more or less frequently) basis, in an amount
determined by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion, to the Partners who are Partners on the Partnership Record Date
with respect to such month (or other distribution period) in accordance with Section 5.2(b). The Partnership shall be deemed
to have distributed cash to the General Partner in an amount equal to the amount of distributions by the General Partner that are reinvested
in REIT Shares issued by the General Partner pursuant to the General Partners distribution reinvestment plan, and the General
Partner shall be deemed to have made Capital Contributions to the Partnership in the aggregate amount of such distributions in return
for an equal number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the issued REIT Shares. For the avoidance of doubt,
reimbursement payments made to the General Partner pursuant to Section 6.5(b) shall not be treated as distributions
made under this Section 5.2.

(b) Except
for distributions pursuant to Section 5.6 in connection with the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership and subject
to the provisions of Section 5.2(c), Section 5.2(d), Section 5.2(e), Section 5.3 and
Section 5.4, all distributions of cash (including any deemed distributions pursuant to Section 5.2(a)) shall
be made to the Partners in amounts proportionate to the aggregate Net Asset Value of the Partnership Units held by the respective Partners
on the Partnership Record Date, except that the amount distributed per Partnership Unit of any Class may differ from the amount
per Partnership Unit of another Class on account of differences in Class-specific expense allocations with respect to REIT Shares
as described in the Memorandum or for other reasons as determined by the General Partner. Any such differences shall correspond to differences
in the amount of distributions per REIT Share for REIT Shares of different Classes, with the same adjustments being made to the amount
of distributions per Partnership Unit for Partnership Units of a particular Class as are made to the distributions per REIT Share
by the General Partner with respect to REIT Shares having the same Class designation.

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, so long as the Advisory Agreement has not been terminated (including by means of non-renewal), the Special Limited Partner
shall be entitled to a distribution (the Performance Participation Allocation), promptly following the end of each
year (which shall accrue on a monthly basis and be measured on a calendar year basis) in an amount equal to:

(i) First,
if the Total Return for the applicable period exceeds the sum of (i) the Hurdle Amount for that period and (ii) the Loss Carryforward
Amount (any such excess, Excess Profits), 100% of such Excess Profits until the total amount allocated to the Special
Limited Partner equals (A) 12.5% with respect to the Class I Units, (B) 5% with respect of the Class A Units and
(C) 10% with respect to the Class F Units, in each case, of the sum of (x) the Hurdle Amount for that period and (y) any
amount allocated to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to this clause; and

(ii) Second,
to the extent there are remaining Excess Profits, (A) 12.5% with respect to the Class I Units, (B) 5% with respect of
the Class A Units and (C) 10% with respect to the Class F Units, in each case, in each case, of such remaining Excess
Profits.

Any amount by which Total Return falls below
the Hurdle Amount and that does not constitute Loss Carryforward Amount for any calendar year will not be carried forward to subsequent
calendar years.

With respect to all Performance Participation
Units that are repurchased at the end of any month in connection with repurchases of REIT Shares pursuant to the General Partners
share repurchase plan or pursuant to Section 8.4, the Special Limited Partner shall be entitled to such Performance Participation
Allocation in an amount calculated as described above calculated in respect of the portion of the calendar year for which such Performance
Participation Units were outstanding, and proceeds for any such Performance Participation Unit repurchase will be reduced by the amount
of any such Performance Participation Allocation.

17

Promptly following the end of each calendar quarter
that is not also the end of a calendar year, the Special Limited Partner will be entitled to a Performance Participation Allocation as
described above calculated in respect of the portion of the year to date, less any Performance Participation Allocation received with
respect to prior quarters in that year (the Quarterly Allocation). The Performance Participation Allocation that
the Special Limited Partner is entitled to receive at the end of each calendar year will be reduced by the cumulative amount of Quarterly
Allocations that year.

If a Quarterly Allocation is made and at the
end of a subsequent calendar quarter in the same calendar year the Special Limited Partner is entitled to less than the aggregate amount
of all previously received Quarterly Allocation(s) (a Quarterly Shortfall), then subsequent distributions
of any Quarterly Allocations or year-end Performance Participation Allocations in that calendar year shall be reduced by an amount equal
to such Quarterly Shortfall, until such time as no Quarterly Shortfall remains. If all or any portion of a Quarterly Shortfall remains
at the end of a calendar year following the application described in the previous sentence, distributions of any Quarterly Allocations
and year-end Performance Participation Allocations in the subsequent four calendar years shall be reduced by (i) the remaining Quarterly
Shortfall plus (ii) an annual rate of 5% on the remaining Quarterly Shortfall measured from the first day of the calendar year following
the year in which the Quarterly Shortfall arose and compounded quarterly (collectively, the Quarterly Shortfall Obligation)
until such time as no Quarterly Shortfall Obligation remains; provided, that the Special Limited Partner (or its Affiliate) may make
a full or partial cash payment to reduce the Quarterly Shortfall Obligation at any time; provided, further, that if any Quarterly Shortfall
Obligation remains following such subsequent four calendar years, then the Special Limited Partner (or its Affiliate) shall promptly
pay the Partnership the remaining Quarterly Shortfall Obligation in cash.

Distributions on the Performance Participation
Allocation may be payable in cash or Class E Units at the election of the Special Limited Partner. If the Special Limited Partner
elects to receive such distributions in Partnership Units, the Special Limited Partner will receive the number of Partnership Units that
results from dividing the Performance Participation Allocation by the Net Asset Value Per Unit of Class E Units at the time of such
distribution. If the Special Limited Partner elects to receive such distributions in Partnership Units, the Special Limited Partner may
request the Partnership to redeem such Partnership Units from the Special Limited Partner at any time thereafter pursuant to Section 8.4.

The measurement of the change in Net Asset Value
Per Unit for the purpose of calculating the Total Return is subject to adjustment by the General Partner to account for any dividend,
split, recapitalization or any other similar change in the Partnerships capital structure or any distributions that the General
Partner deems to be a return of capital if such changes are not already reflected in the Partnerships net assets.

Except as noted above with respect to Quarterly
Allocations, the Special Limited Partner will not be obligated to return any portion of the Performance Participation Allocation paid
due to the subsequent performance of the Partnership.

In the event the Advisory Agreement is terminated
(including by means of non-renewal), the Special Limited Partner will be allocated any accrued Performance Participation Allocation with
respect to all Performance Participation Units as of the date of such termination.

(d) To
the extent the Partnership (or any entity in which the Partnership has a direct or indirect ownership interest) is required by law to
withhold or to make tax payments or incurs any taxes or governmental charges (including interest and penalties thereon) on behalf of
or with respect to any Partner or by reason of such Partners participation in the Partnership or as a result of a Partners
failure to provide requested tax information (including any amounts imposed pursuant to Section 1446(f) of the Code or Section 6225
of the Code) that, in the General Partners reasonable discretion, are attributable to such Partner or such Partners predecessor
(Tax Advances), the General Partner may withhold such amounts and make such tax payments as so required. All Tax
Advances attributable to a Partner shall, at the option of the General Partner, (i) be promptly paid to the Partnership by the Partner
on whose behalf such Tax Advances were made or (ii) be repaid by reducing the amount of the current or next succeeding distribution
or distributions which would otherwise have been made to such Partner or, if such distributions are not sufficient for that purpose,
by so reducing the proceeds of liquidation otherwise payable to such Partner. Whenever the General Partner selects the option set forth
in clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence for repayment of a Tax Advance by a Partner, for all other purposes of this
Agreement such Partner shall be treated as having received all distributions unreduced by the amount of such Tax Advance. Each Partner
hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership and the General Partner and any member or officer of the General Partner
from and against any liability with respect to Tax Advances required on behalf of or with respect to such Partner. Each Partner shall
furnish the General Partner with such information, forms and certifications as it may require and as are necessary to comply with the
regulations governing the obligations of withholding tax agents, as well as such information, forms and certifications as are necessary
with respect to any withholding taxes imposed by countries other than the United States and represents and warrants that the information
and forms furnished by it shall be true and accurate in all respects. The amount of any taxes paid by or withheld from receipts of the
Partnership (or any entity in which the Partnership has a direct or indirect interest) attributable to a Partner from an Investment shall
be deemed to have been distributed to each Partner to the extent that the payment or withholding of such taxes reduced distribution proceeds
otherwise distributable to such Partner as provided herein. A Partners obligations pursuant to this Section 5.2(d) shall
survive the resignation, termination or removal of such Partner from the Partnership and the winding up, dissolution and liquidation
of the Partnership (in which case such obligation shall be owed to the General Partner directly).

18

(e) In
no event may a Partner receive a distribution of cash with respect to a Partnership Unit if such Partner is entitled to receive a cash
distribution as the holder of record of a REIT Share for which all or part of such Partnership Unit has been or will be exchanged.

5.3 REIT
Distribution Requirements. The General Partner shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to distribute
amounts sufficient to enable the General Partner to make distributions that will allow the General Partner to (i) meet its distribution
requirement for qualification as a REIT as set forth in Section 857 of the Code and (ii) avoid any U.S. federal income or excise
tax liability imposed by the Code.

5.4 No
Right to Distributions in Kind. No Partner, other than the Special Limited Partner, shall be entitled to demand property other
than cash in connection with any distributions by the Partnership in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

5.5 Limitations
on Return of Capital Contributions. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Article 5, no Partner shall have the right
to receive and the General Partner shall not have the right to make, a distribution that includes a return of all or part of a Partners
Capital Contributions, unless after giving effect to the return of a Capital Contribution, the sum of all Partnership liabilities, other
than the liabilities to a Partner for the return of his Capital Contribution, does not exceed the fair market value of the Partnerships
assets.

5.6 Distributions
Upon Liquidation. Immediately before liquidation of the Partnership, Class A Units will automatically convert to Class I
Units at the Class A Conversion Rate, Class E Units will automatically convert to Class I Units at the Class E Conversion
Rate and Class F Units will automatically convert to Class I Units at the Class F Conversion Rate. Upon liquidation of
the Partnership, after payment of, or adequate provision for, debts, obligations and establishment of reserves of the Partnership, including
any Partner loans, and after payment of any accrued Performance Participation Allocation to the Special Limited Partner and any preferred
return owed to any other Partnership Units, any remaining assets of the Partnership shall be distributed to each holder of Class I
Units, ratably with each other holder of Class I Units, which will include all converted Class A Units, Class E Units
and Class F Units, in such proportion as the number of outstanding Class I Units held by such holder bears to the total number
of outstanding Class I Units then outstanding.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
the amount by which the value, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, of any property other than cash to be distributed
in kind to the Partners exceeds or is less than the Carrying Value of such property shall, to the extent not otherwise recognized by
the Partnership, be taken into account in computing Profit and Loss of the Partnership for purposes of crediting or charging the Capital
Accounts of, and distributing proceeds to, the Partners, pursuant to this Agreement. To the extent deemed advisable by the General Partner,
appropriate arrangements (including the use of a liquidating trust) may be made to assure that adequate funds are available to pay any
contingent debts or obligations.

19

5.7 Substantial
Economic Effect. It is the intent of the Partners that the allocations of Profit and Loss under this Agreement have substantial
economic effect (or be consistent with the Partners interests in the Partnership in the case of the allocation of losses attributable
to nonrecourse debt) within the meaning of Section 704(b) of the Code as interpreted by the Regulations promulgated pursuant
thereto. To the greatest extent possible, Article 5 and other relevant provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner
consistent with such intent.

5.8 Reinvestment.
Commencing with any distribution paid on or after July 1, 2025, and subject to legal, tax, regulatory or other similar considerations,
each Limited Partner holding Class I Units agrees to participate in the reinvestment program of distributions to the holders of
Class I Units (the DRIP and, any participating Limited Partner, a DRIP Participant) unless
otherwise agreed with the General Partner in writing. The following provisions shall apply to the DRIP and any Limited Partners
participation therein:

(a) Subject
to Section 5.8(b)(v), the General Partner shall, on behalf of each DRIP Participant, reinvest all distributions to be made
to such DRIP Participant with respect to its Class I Units in exchange for such DRIP Participant being issued additional Class I
Units. Class I Units issued pursuant to the DRIP shall be purchased at the applicable Net Asset Value Per Class I Unit on the
date that the distribution is payable (calculated as of the most recent month end).

(b) In
connection with this Section 5.8, each Limited Partner agrees and acknowledges as follows:

(i) The
Partnership has designated the General Partner to administer the DRIP and act as agent for the DRIP Participants. The General Partner
shall credit distributions to DRIP Participants on the basis of whole or fractional Partnership Units, and shall reinvest such distributions
in additional Class I Units.

(ii) A
DRIP Participant shall remain in the DRIP until such DRIP Participant withdraws from the DRIP in accordance with Section 5.8(b)(v) or
the General Partner terminates or suspends the DRIP.

(iii) A
DRIP Participant shall be deemed to have made a Capital Contribution, and Partnership Units shall be purchased, on the date that the
distribution is payable (at the then-current Net Asset Value Per Class I Unit, calculated as of the most recent month end). No interest
shall be paid on cash distributions pending reinvestment under the terms of the DRIP.

(iv) No
DRIP Participant shall have any authorization or power to direct the time or price at which Partnership Units shall be purchased. The
total amount to be invested shall depend on the amount of any distributions paid on the number of Class I Units owned by the DRIP
Participant, as well as any withholding taxes paid on behalf of such DRIP Participant.

(v) DRIP
Participants may elect to withdraw from the DRIP with respect to the Partnership Units held in their account in the DRIP by providing
10 days prior written notice of such election to withdraw in a form acceptable to the General Partner and such election to withdraw
shall be effective until rescinded by providing written notice of an election to reinstate participation in the DRIP in a form acceptable
to the General Partner. Such written notice of such election to withdraw or be reinstated, as the case may be, must be received by the
General Partner prior to the last business day of the month in order for a Participants termination to be effective for such month
(i.e., a timely termination notice will be effective as of the last business day of a month in which it is timely received and will not
affect participation in the DRIP for any prior month). Any Transfer of Class I Units by a DRIP Participant to a non-DRIP Participant
will terminate participation in the DRIP with respect to the Transferred Class I Units. If a DRIP Participant requests that the
Company repurchase all or any portion of the DRIP Participants Class I Units, the DRIP Participants participation
in the DRIP with respect to the DRIP Participants Class I Units for which repurchase was requested but that were not repurchased
will be terminated. If a DRIP Participant terminates DRIP participation, the Partnership may, at its option, ensure that the terminating
DRIP Participants account will reflect the whole number of Class I Units in such DRIP Participants account and provide
a check or other instrument of payment for the cash value of any fractional share in such account. Upon termination of DRIP participation
for any reason, future distributions will be distributed to the Partner in cash (except for allowable in kind distributions).

20

(c) This
Section 5.8 shall not apply to any distributions to the General Partner made pursuant to Section 5.2(a) or
any distributions to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to Section 5.2(c).

ARTICLE 6

RIGHTS,
OBLIGATIONS AND

POWERS OF THE GENERAL PARTNER

6.1 Management
of the Partnership.

(a) Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have full, complete and exclusive discretion to manage and
control the business of the Partnership for the purposes herein stated, and shall make all decisions affecting the business and assets
of the Partnership. Subject to the restrictions specifically contained in this Agreement and without limiting any powers of the Adviser
pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the powers of the General Partner shall include, without limitation, the authority to take the following
actions on behalf of the Partnership:

(i) to
acquire, purchase, own, operate, lease and dispose of any Property;

(ii) to
construct buildings and make other improvements on the Properties owned or leased by the Partnership;

(iii) to
authorize, issue, sell, redeem or otherwise purchase any Partnership Interests or any securities (including secured and unsecured debt
obligations of the Partnership, debt obligations of the Partnership convertible into any Class or series of Partnership Interests,
or options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating to any Partnership Interests) of the Partnership;

(iv) to
borrow or lend money for the Partnership, issue or receive evidences of indebtedness in connection therewith, refinance, increase the
amount of, modify, amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such indebtedness, and secure such indebtedness
by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnerships assets;

(v) to
pay, either directly or by reimbursement, for all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the Partnership to third parties
or to the General Partner or its Affiliates as set forth in this Agreement;

(vi) to
guarantee or become a co-maker of indebtedness of the General Partner or any Subsidiary thereof, refinance, increase the amount of, modify,
amend or change the terms of, or extend the time for the payment of, any such guarantee or indebtedness, and secure such guarantee or
indebtedness by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or other lien on the Partnerships assets;

(vii) to
use assets of the Partnership (including, without limitation, cash on hand) for any purpose consistent with this Agreement, including,
without limitation, payment, either directly or by reimbursement, of all operating costs and general administrative expenses of the General
Partner, the Partnership or any Subsidiary of either, to third parties or to the General Partner as set forth in this Agreement;

(viii) to
lease all or any portion of any of the Partnerships assets, whether or not any portion of the Partnerships assets so leased
are to be occupied by the lessee, or, in turn, subleased in whole or in part to others, for such consideration and on such terms as the
General Partner may determine;

(ix) to
prosecute, defend, arbitrate, or compromise any and all claims or liabilities in favor of or against the Partnership, on such terms and
in such manner as the General Partner may reasonably determine, and similarly to prosecute, settle or defend litigation with respect
to the Partners, the Partnership, or the Partnerships assets;

21

(x) to
file applications, communicate, and otherwise deal with any and all governmental agencies having jurisdiction over, or in any way affecting,
the Partnerships assets or any other aspect of the Partnership business, including the registration of any Class or series
of the Partnership Units under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the listing of any debt securities
of the Partnership on any securities exchange or trading forum;

(xi) to
make or revoke any election permitted or required of the Partnership by any taxing authority;

(xii) to
maintain such insurance coverage for public liability, fire and casualty, and any and all other insurance for the protection of the Partnership,
for the conservation of Partnership assets, or for any other purpose convenient or beneficial to the Partnership, in such amounts and
such types, as the General Partner shall determine from time to time;

(xiii) to
determine whether or not to apply any insurance proceeds for any Property to the restoration of such Property or to distribute the same;

(xiv) to
establish one or more divisions of the Partnership, to hire and dismiss employees of the Partnership or any division of the Partnership,
and to retain legal counsel, accountants, consultants, real estate brokers, and such other Persons, as the General Partner may deem necessary
or appropriate in connection with the Partnership business and to pay therefor such remuneration as the General Partner may deem reasonable
and proper;

(xv) to
retain other services of any kind or nature in connection with the Partnership business, and to pay therefor such remuneration as the
General Partner may deem reasonable and proper;

(xvi) to
negotiate and conclude agreements on behalf of the Partnership with respect to any of the rights, powers and authority conferred upon
the General Partner;

(xvii) to
maintain accurate accounting records and to file all U.S. federal, state and local income tax returns on behalf of the Partnership;

(xviii) to
distribute Partnership cash or other Partnership assets in accordance with this Agreement;

(xix) to
form or acquire an interest in, and contribute property to, any further limited or general partnerships, Joint Ventures or other relationships
that the General Partner deems desirable (including, without limitation, the acquisition of interests in, and the contributions of Property
to, its Subsidiaries and any other Person in which it has an equity interest from time to time);

(xx) to
establish Partnership reserves for working capital, capital expenditures, contingent liabilities, or any other valid Partnership purpose;

(xxi) to
merge, consolidate or combine the Partnership with or into another Person;

(xxii) to
do any and all acts and things necessary or prudent to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded
partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of the Code;

(xxiii) the
exercise of any of the powers of the General Partner enumerated in this Agreement on behalf of or in connection with any Subsidiary of
the Partnership, or any other Person in which the Partnership has a direct or indirect interest pursuant to contractual or other arrangements;

22

(xxiv) to
take such other action, execute, acknowledge, swear to or deliver such other documents and instruments, and perform any and all other
acts that the General Partner deems necessary or appropriate for the formation, continuation and conduct of the business and affairs
of the Partnership (including, without limitation, all actions consistent with allowing the General Partner at all times to qualify as
a REIT unless the General Partner voluntarily terminates its REIT status) and to possess and enjoy all of the rights and powers of a
general partner as provided by the Act; and

(xxv) to
enter into transactions in derivative instruments (including without limitation structuring an investment as a credit default swap, total
return swap or other over-the-counter derivative contract, instrument or participation or using a similar arrangement to leverage, access
or enhance investments) and hedging arrangements (including without limitation to reduce the Partnerships equity, currency, commodity
price or interest rate exposure or other risks related to an investment).

(b) Except
as otherwise provided herein, to the extent the duties of the General Partner require expenditures of funds to be paid to third parties,
the General Partner shall not have any obligations hereunder except to the extent that Partnership funds are reasonably available to
it for the performance of such duties, and nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize or require the General Partner, in its
capacity as such, to expend its individual funds for payment to third parties or to undertake any individual liability or obligation
on behalf of the Partnership.

6.2 Delegation
of Authority. The General Partner may delegate any or all of its powers, rights and obligations hereunder to any Person, and
may appoint, employ, contract or otherwise deal with any Person for the transaction of the business of the Partnership, which Person
(which may include the Adviser) may, under supervision of the General Partner, perform any acts or services for the Partnership as the
General Partner may approve.

6.3 Indemnification
and Exculpation of Indemnitees.

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Partnership shall indemnify and hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless an Indemnitee from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and
expenses), judgments, fines, settlements, penalties and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings,
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, that are incurred
by any Indemnitee and that relate to the operations of the Partnership as set forth in this Agreement in which any Indemnitee may be
involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, unless it is established that: (i) the act or omission of the
Indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and constituted willful misconduct or gross negligence; (ii) the
Indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding,
the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. The termination of any proceeding by settlement,
judgment, order or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create a presumption that an Indemnitee did
not act in good faith and in a manner that the Indemnitee believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Partnership or
that the Indemnitees conduct constituted fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence, a material breach of this Agreement, a breach
of its fiduciary duty or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, an Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
was unlawful. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership.

(b) The
Partnership shall reimburse an Indemnitee for reasonable expenses incurred by an Indemnitee who is a party to a proceeding in advance
of the final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt by the Partnership of (i) a written affirmation by the Indemnitee of the
Indemnitees good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Partnership as authorized in this
Section 6.3 has been met, and (ii) a written undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay the amount if it
shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met.

(c) The
indemnification provided by this Section 6.3 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee or any other
Person may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the Partners, as a matter of law or otherwise, and shall continue
as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity.

23

(d) The
Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance, on behalf of the Indemnitees and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine,
against any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by such Person in connection with the Partnerships
activities, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions
of this Agreement.

(e) For
purposes of this Section 6.3, the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an
employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services
by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit
plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of this Section 6.3; and actions taken or omitted
by the Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to
be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose which is not opposed to the
best interests of the Partnership.

(f) In
no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in
this Agreement.

(g) An
Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 6.3 because the Indemnitee had an interest
in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this
Agreement and the Declaration of Trust.

(h) The
provisions of this Section 6.3 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their heirs, successors, assigns and administrators
and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other Persons.

6.4 Liability
and Obligations of the General Partner.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership
or any Partners for losses sustained or liabilities incurred as a result of errors in judgment or of any act or omission not amounting
to willful misconduct or gross negligence. The General Partner shall not be in breach of any duty that the General Partner may owe to
the Limited Partners or the Partnership or any other Persons under this Agreement or of any duty stated or implied by law or equity if
the General Partner, acting in good faith, abides by the terms of this Agreement.

(b) The
Limited Partners expressly acknowledge that the General Partner is acting on behalf of the Partnership, itself and its shareholders collectively,
and that neither the General Partner nor its directors or Trustees is under any obligation to consider the separate interests of the
Limited Partners (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to Limited Partners or the tax consequences of some, but not all,
of the Limited Partners) in deciding whether to cause the Partnership to take (or decline to take) any actions. In the event of a conflict
between the interests of its shareholders on one hand and the Limited Partners on the other, the General Partner shall endeavor in good
faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either its shareholders or the Limited Partners; provided, however, that for
so long as the General Partner directly owns a controlling interest in the Partnership, any such conflict that the General Partner, in
its sole and absolute discretion, determines cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either its shareholders or the Limited Partner
shall be resolved in favor of the shareholders. The General Partner shall not be liable for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities
incurred, or benefits not derived by Limited Partners in connection with such decisions, provided that the General Partner has acted
in good faith.

(c) Subject
to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 6.1 hereof, the General Partner may exercise any of
the powers granted to it under this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through
its agents. The General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent appointed by
it in good faith.

(d) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement or the Act, any action of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership or any decision of
the General Partner to refrain from acting on behalf of the Partnership, undertaken in the good faith belief that such action or omission
is necessary or advisable in order (i) to protect the ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT, (ii) to
prevent the General Partner from incurring any taxes under Section 857, Section 4981, or any other provision of the Code, or
(iii) to ensure that the Partnership will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership under section 7704 of
the Code, is expressly authorized under this Agreement and is deemed approved by all of the Limited Partners.

24

(e) Any
amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 6.4 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in
any way affect the limitations on the General Partners liability to the Partnership and the Limited Partners under this Section 6.4
as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to matters occurring, in whole or in part,
prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when claims relating to such matters may arise or be asserted.

6.5 Reimbursement
of General Partner.

(a) Except
as provided in this Section 6.5 and elsewhere in this Agreement (including the provisions of Article 5 and Article 6
regarding distributions, payments, and allocations to which it may be entitled), the General Partner shall not be compensated for
its services as general partner of the Partnership.

(b) The
General Partner shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis, or such other basis as the General Partner may determine in its sole and absolute
discretion, for all Administrative Expenses incurred by the General Partner.

6.6 Outside
Activities.

(a) Subject
to Section 6.7 hereof, the Declaration of Trust and any agreements entered into by the General Partner or its Affiliates
with the Partnership or any of its Subsidiaries, any officer, director, employee, agent, trustee, Affiliate or shareholder thereof shall
be entitled to and may have, directly or indirectly, business interests and engage in business activities in addition to those relating
to the Partnership, including business interests and activities substantially similar or identical to those of the Partnership. Neither
the Partnership nor any of the Limited Partners shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement in any such business ventures, interests
or activities. None of the Limited Partners nor any other Person shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement or the partnership
relationship established hereby in any such business ventures, interests or activities, and the General Partner shall have no obligation
pursuant to this Agreement to communicate or offer any opportunities or interest in any such business ventures, interests and activities
to the Partnership or any Limited Partner, even if such opportunity is of a character which, if presented to the Partnership or any Limited
Partner, could be taken by such Person, even if it may raise a conflict of interest with the Limited Partners or the Partnership. The
General Partner will not be liable for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires
for, or directs such opportunity or interest to another Person or does not communicate or offer such opportunity or interest to the Partnership.

(b) No
Limited Partner shall, by reason of being a Limited Partner in the Partnership, have any right to participate in any manner in any profits
or income earned or derived by or accruing to the General Partner and its respective Affiliates, or the respective members, partners,
officers, directors, trustees, employees, shareholders, agents or representatives thereof from the conduct of any business other than
the business of the Partnership or from any transaction in instruments effected by the General Partner and its Affiliates or the respective
members, partners, shareholders, officers, directors, trustees, employees or agents thereof for any account other than that of the Partnership.

6.7 Transactions
With Affiliates.

(a) Any
Affiliate of the General Partner or the Adviser may be employed or retained by the Partnership and may otherwise deal with the Partnership
(whether as a buyer, lessor, lessee, manager, furnisher of goods or services, broker, agent, lender or otherwise) and may receive from
the Partnership any compensation, price, or other payment therefor which the General Partner determines to be fair and reasonable.

(b) The
Partnership may lend or contribute to its Subsidiaries or other Persons in which it has an equity investment, and such Persons may borrow
funds from the Partnership, on terms and conditions established in the sole and absolute discretion of the General Partner. The foregoing
authority shall not create any right or benefit in favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person.

25

(c) The
Partnership may transfer assets to Joint Ventures, other partnerships, corporations or other business entities in which it is or thereby
becomes a participant, and in which any of its Affiliates may or may not be a participant and upon such terms and subject to such conditions
as the General Partner deems are consistent with this Agreement, applicable law, the Declaration of Trust and the REIT status of the
General Partner.

(d) Except
as expressly permitted by this Agreement, neither the General Partner nor any of its Affiliates shall sell, transfer or convey any property
to, or purchase any property from, the Partnership, directly or indirectly, except pursuant to transactions that are, in the General
Partners sole discretion, on terms that are fair and reasonable to the Partnership and in compliance with the Declaration of Trust,
the Advisory Agreement and the investment guidelines as established from time to time by the trustees of the General Partner.

6.8 Title
to Partnership Assets. Title to Partnership assets, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, shall
be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity, and no Partner, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest
in such Partnership assets or any portion thereof. Title to any or all of the Partnership assets may be held in the name of the Partnership,
the General Partner or one or more nominees, as the General Partner may determine, including Affiliates of the General Partner. The General
Partner hereby declares and warrants that any Partnership assets for which legal title is held in the name of the General Partner or
any nominee or Affiliate of the General Partner shall be held by the General Partner for the use and benefit of the Partnership in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that the General Partner shall use its best efforts to cause beneficial and
record title to such assets to be vested in the Partnership as soon as reasonably practicable. All Partnership assets shall be recorded
as the Property of the Partnership in its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such Partnership assets
is held.

6.9 Repurchases
and Exchanges of REIT Shares.

(a) Repurchases.
If the General Partner repurchases any REIT Shares (other than REIT Shares repurchased with proceeds received from the issuance of other
REIT Shares), then the General Partner shall cause the Partnership to purchase from the General Partner a number of Partnership Units
having the same Class designation as the redeemed REIT Shares for that Class of Partnership Units on the same terms that the
General Partner repurchased such REIT Shares (including any applicable discount to Net Asset Value).

(b) Exchanges.
If the General Partner exchanges any REIT Shares of any Class (Exchanged REIT Shares) for, or converts any
REIT Shares of any Class to, REIT Shares of a different Class (Received REIT Shares), then the General
Partner shall, and shall cause the Partnership to, exchange or convert a number of Partnership Units having the same Class designation
as the Exchanged REIT Shares, for Partnership Units having the same Class designation as the Received REIT Shares on the same terms
that the General Partner exchanged or converted the Exchanged REIT Shares.

6.10 No
Duplication of Fees or Expenses. The Partnership may not incur or be responsible for any fee or expense (in connection with an
Offering or otherwise) that would be duplicative of fees and expenses paid by the General Partner.

ARTICLE 7

CHANGES
IN GENERAL PARTNER

7.1 Transfer
of the General Partners Partnership Interest.

(a) The
General Partner shall not Transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest or withdraw as General Partner except as provided
in, or in connection with a transaction contemplated by, Section 7.1(b), (c) or (d).

26

(b) Except
as otherwise provided in this Section 7.1, Section 7.3 or in connection with any Conversion Event, the General
Partner shall not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another Person or sale of all or substantially
all of its assets (other than in connection with a change in the General Partners state of incorporation or organizational form),
in each case which results in a change of control of the General Partner (a Transaction), unless:

(i) the
consent of Limited Partners holding more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners is obtained;

(ii) as
a result of such Transaction all Limited Partners will receive for each Partnership Unit of each Class an amount of cash, securities,
or other property equal to the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid in the Transaction to a holder of one REIT
Share having the same Class designation as that Partnership Unit in consideration of such REIT Share; provided that if, in connection
with the Transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer (Offer) shall have been made to and accepted by the holders
of more than 50% of the outstanding REIT Shares, each holder of Partnership Units shall be given the option to exchange its Partnership
Units for the greatest amount of cash, securities, or other property which a Limited Partner holding Partnership Units would have received
had it (1) exercised its Redemption Right and (2) sold, tendered or exchanged pursuant to the Offer the REIT Shares received
upon exercise of the Redemption Right immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer; or

(iii) the
General Partner is the surviving entity in the Transaction and either (A) the holders of REIT Shares do not receive cash, securities,
or other property in the Transaction or (B) all Limited Partners receive in exchange for their Partnership Units of each Class,
an amount of cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) that is no less than the greatest amount of
cash, securities, or other property (expressed as an amount per REIT Share) received in the Transaction by any holder of REIT Shares
having the same Class designation as the Partnership Units being exchanged.

(c) Notwithstanding
Section 7.1(b), the General Partner may merge with or into or consolidate with another entity if immediately after such merger
or consolidation (i) substantially all of the assets of the successor or surviving entity (the Survivor), other
than Partnership Units held by the General Partner, are contributed, directly or indirectly, to the Partnership as a Capital Contribution
in exchange for Partnership Units with a fair market value equal to the value of the assets so contributed as determined by the Survivor
in good faith and (ii) the Survivor expressly agrees to assume all obligations of the General Partner, as appropriate, hereunder.
Upon such contribution and assumption, the Survivor shall have the right and duty to amend this Agreement as set forth in this Section 7.1(c).
The Survivor shall in good faith arrive at a new method for the calculation of the Cash Amount and the REIT Shares Amount after any such
merger or consolidation so as to approximate the existing method for such calculation as closely as reasonably possible. Such calculation
shall take into account, among other things, the kind and amount of securities, cash and other property that was receivable upon such
merger or consolidation by a holder of REIT Shares of each Class or options, warrants or other rights relating thereto, and which
a holder of Partnership Units of any Class could have acquired had such Partnership Units been exchanged immediately prior to such
merger or consolidation. Such amendment to this Agreement shall provide for adjustment to such method of calculation, which shall be
as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in Section 4.3(a)(ii). The Survivor also shall
in good faith modify the definition of REIT Shares and make such amendments to Section 8.4 so as to approximate the existing
rights and obligations set forth in Section 8.4 as closely as reasonably possible. The above provisions of this Section 7.1(c) shall
similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations permitted hereunder.

(d) Notwithstanding
Section 7.1(b), a General Partner may Transfer all or any portion of its General Partnership Interest to (A) a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of such General Partner or (B) the owner of all of the ownership interests of such General Partner, and following a Transfer
of all of its General Partnership Interest, may withdraw as General Partner.

7.2 Admission
of a Substitute or Additional General Partner. A Person shall be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner of the
Partnership only if the following terms and conditions are satisfied:

(a) the
Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by all the terms and provisions
of this Agreement by executing a counterpart thereof and such other documents or instruments as may be required or appropriate in order
to effect the admission of such Person as a General Partner, and a Certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a General Partner
shall have been filed for recordation and all other actions required by Section 2.5 in connection with such admission shall
have been performed;

27

(b) if
the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is a corporation or a partnership or other entity it shall have
provided the Partnership with evidence satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of such Persons authority to become a General
Partner and to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and

(c) counsel
for the Partnership shall have rendered an opinion (relying on such opinions from other counsel and the state or any other jurisdiction
as may be necessary) that (x) the admission of the Person to be admitted as a substitute or additional General Partner is in conformity
with the Act and (y) none of the actions taken in connection with the admission of such Person as a substitute or additional General
Partner will cause (i) the Partnership to be classified other than as a partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes, or (ii) the
loss of any Limited Partners limited liability.

7.3 Effect
of Bankruptcy, Withdrawal, Death or Dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a))
or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner
is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a partner
in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued
by the remaining partner or partners), the Partnership shall be dissolved and terminated unless the Partnership is continued pursuant
to Section 7.3(b). The merger of the General Partner with or into any entity that is admitted as a substitute or successor
General Partner pursuant to Section 7.2 shall not be deemed to be the withdrawal, dissolution or removal of the General Partner.

(b) Following
the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to the sole remaining General Partner (and its removal pursuant to Section 7.4(a) hereof)
or the death, withdrawal, removal or dissolution of the sole remaining General Partner (except that, if the sole remaining General Partner
is, on the date of such occurrence, a partnership, the withdrawal of, death, dissolution, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of a
partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution of such General Partner if the business of such General Partner
is continued by the remaining partner or partners), the Limited Partners, within 90 days after such occurrence, may elect to continue
the business of the Partnership by selecting, subject to Section 7.2 and any other provisions of this Agreement, a substitute
General Partner by consent of the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners. If the Limited
Partners elect to continue the business of the Partnership and admit a substitute General Partner, the relationship with the Partners
and of any Person who has acquired a Partnership Interest of a Partner in the Partnership shall be governed by this Agreement.

7.4 Removal
of a General Partner.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to, or the dissolution of, a General Partner, such General Partner shall be deemed to be
removed automatically; provided, however, that if a General Partner is on the date of such occurrence a partnership, the withdrawal,
death or dissolution of, Event of Bankruptcy as to, or removal of, a partner in, such partnership shall be deemed not to be a dissolution
of the General Partner if the business of such General Partner is continued by the remaining partner or partners. The Limited Partners
may not remove the General Partner, with or without cause.

(b) If
a General Partner has been removed pursuant to this Section 7.4 and the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 7.3,
such General Partner shall promptly Transfer and assign its General Partnership Interest in the Partnership to the substitute General
Partner approved by the Limited Partners in accordance with Section 7.3(b) and otherwise admitted to the Partnership
in accordance with Section 7.2. At the time of assignment, the removed General Partner shall be entitled to receive from
the substitute General Partner the fair market value of the General Partnership Interest of such removed General Partner as reduced by
any damages caused to the Partnership by such General Partner. Such fair market value shall be determined by an appraiser mutually agreed
upon by the General Partner and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners within 10
days following the removal of the General Partner. If the parties are unable to agree upon an appraiser, the removed General Partner
and the Limited Partners holding a majority of the Percentage Interests of all Limited Partners each shall select an appraiser. Each
such appraiser shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partners General Partnership Interest
within 30 days of the General Partners removal, and the fair market value of the removed General Partners General Partnership
Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals; provided, however, that if the higher appraisal exceeds the lower appraisal by more
than 20% of the amount of the lower appraisal, the two appraisers, no later than 40 days after the removal of the General Partner, shall
select a third appraiser who shall complete an appraisal of the fair market value of the removed General Partners General Partnership
Interest no later than 60 days after the removal of the General Partner. In such case, the fair market value of the removed General Partners
General Partnership Interest shall be the average of the two appraisals closest in value.

28

(c) The
General Partnership Interest of a removed General Partner, during the time after default until Transfer under Section 7.4(b),
shall be converted to that of a special Limited Partner; provided, however, such removed General Partner shall not have any rights to
participate in the management and affairs of the Partnership, and shall not be entitled to any portion of the income, expense, profit,
gain or loss allocations or cash distributions allocable or payable, as the case may be, to the Limited Partners. Instead, such removed
General Partner shall receive and be entitled only to retain distributions or allocations of such items that it would have been entitled
to receive in its capacity as General Partner, until the Transfer is effective pursuant to Section 7.4(b).

(d) All
Partners shall have given and hereby do give such consents, shall take such actions and shall execute such documents as shall be legally
necessary, desirable and sufficient to effect all the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.4(d).

ARTICLE 8

RIGHTS
AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LIMITED PARTNERS

8.1 Management
of the Partnership. The Limited Partners shall not participate in the management or control of Partnership business nor shall
they transact any business for the Partnership, nor shall they have the power to sign for or bind the Partnership, such powers being
vested solely and exclusively in the General Partner.

8.2 Power
of Attorney. Each Limited Partner hereby irrevocably appoints the General Partner its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, who may
act for each Limited Partner and in its name, place and stead, and for its use and benefit, to sign, acknowledge, swear to, deliver,
file or record, at the appropriate public offices, any and all documents, certificates, and instruments as may be deemed necessary or
desirable by the General Partner to carry out fully the provisions of this Agreement and the Act in accordance with their terms, which
power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall survive the death, dissolution or legal incapacity of the Limited Partner, or
the Transfer by the Limited Partner of any part or all of its Partnership Interest.

8.3 Limitation
on Liability of Limited Partners. No Limited Partner shall be liable for any debts, liabilities, contracts or obligations of
the Partnership. A Limited Partner shall be liable to the Partnership only to make payments of its Capital Contribution, if any, as and
when due hereunder. After its Capital Contribution is fully paid, no Limited Partner shall, except as otherwise required by the Act,
be required to make any further Capital Contributions or other payments or lend any funds to the Partnership.

8.4 Redemption
Right.

(a) Subject
to this Section 8.4 and the provisions of any agreements between the Partnership and one or more Limited Partners with respect
to Partnership Units held by them, each Limited Partner other than the General Partner, after holding any Partnership Units for at least
one year (or such shorter period as consented to by the General Partner in its sole discretion), shall have the right (subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein) to require the Partnership to redeem (a Redemption) all or a portion of such
Partnership Units (the Tendered Units) in exchange for REIT Shares issuable on, or the Cash Amount payable on, or
any combination thereof, the Specified Redemption Date, as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion (a Redemption
Right). Any Redemption Right shall be exercised pursuant to a Notice of Redemption delivered to the Partnership (with a copy
to the General Partner) by the Limited Partner exercising the Redemption Right (the Tendering Party). Within 15
days of receipt of a Notice of Redemption, the Partnership will send to the Limited Partner submitting the Notice of Redemption a response
stating whether the General Partner has determined the applicable Partnership Units will be redeemed for REIT Shares or the Cash Amount,
or any combination thereof. In either case, the Limited Partner shall be entitled to withdraw the Notice of Redemption if (i) it
provides notice to the Partnership that it wishes to withdraw the request and (ii) the Partnership receives the notice no less than
two business days prior to the Specified Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser
(or in the case of Partnership Units received in consideration for management fees, the Performance Participation Allocation, the assignees
of the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser) shall have the right to require the Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their Class E
Units pursuant to this Section 8.4 at any time irrespective of the period the Partnership Units have been held by the Special
Limited Partner or the Adviser (or assignees of the Special Limited Partner or the Adviser, as the case may be). The Partnership shall
redeem any such Class E Units of the Special Limited Partner or the Adviser (or assignees of the Special Limited Partner or the
Adviser, as the case may be) for Class E REIT Shares or the Cash Amount (at the Advisers or the Special Limited Partners
election) unless the General Partner determines that any such Redemption for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or this Agreement,
in which case such Class E Units will be redeemed for an amount of Class E REIT Shares with an aggregate Net Asset Value equivalent
to the aggregate Net Asset Value of such Class E Units.

29

No Limited Partner, other than the Special Limited
Partner and the Adviser (or in the case of Partnership Units received in consideration for management fees, the Performance Participation
Allocation, the assignees of the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser), may deliver more than two Notices of Redemption during each
calendar year. A Limited Partner, other than the Special Limited Partner and the Adviser (or in the case of Partnership Units received
in consideration for management fees, the Performance Participation Allocation, the assignees of the Special Limited Partner and the
Adviser), may not exercise the Redemption Right for less than 1,000 Partnership Units or, if such Limited Partner holds less than 1,000
Partnership Units, all of the Partnership Units held by such Partner. The Tendering Party shall have no right, with respect to any Partnership
Units so redeemed, to receive any distribution paid with respect to Partnership Units if the record date for such distribution is on
or after the Specified Redemption Date.

(b) If
the General Partner (or, if applicable, the Adviser or the Special Limited Partner) elects to redeem Tendered Units for REIT Shares rather
than cash, then the Partnership shall direct the General Partner to issue and deliver such REIT Shares to the Tendering Party pursuant
to the terms set forth in this Section 8.4(b), in which case, (i) the General Partner, acting as a distinct legal entity,
shall assume directly the obligation with respect thereto and shall satisfy the Tendering Partys exercise of its Redemption Right,
and (ii) such transaction shall be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a Transfer by the Tendering Party of such Tendered
Units to the General Partner in exchange for REIT Shares. The percentage of the Tendered Units tendered for Redemption by the Tendering
Party for which the General Partner (or, if applicable, the Adviser or the Special Limited Partner) elects to issue REIT Shares (rather
than the Cash Amount) is referred to as the Applicable Percentage. In making such election to acquire Tendered Units,
the Partnership shall act in a fair, equitable and reasonable manner that neither prefers one group or class of Limited Partners over
another nor discriminates against a group or class of Limited Partners. If the Partnership elects to redeem any number of Tendered Units
for REIT Shares rather than the Cash Amount, on the Specified Redemption Date, the Tendering Party shall sell such number of the Tendered
Units to the General Partner in exchange for a number of REIT Shares equal to the product of the REIT Shares Amount and the Applicable
Percentage. The product of the Applicable Percentage and the REIT Shares Amount, if applicable, shall be delivered by the General Partner
as duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable REIT Shares free of any pledge, lien, encumbrance or restriction, other
than the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (as calculated in accordance with the Declaration of Trust) and other restrictions provided
in the Declaration of Trust, the bylaws of the General Partner, the Securities Act and relevant state securities or blue sky
laws. No Tendering Party whose Tendered Units are acquired by the General Partner shall have any right to cause or require the General
Partner to register or qualify such REIT Shares with any federal or state securities agency under the Securities Act or to list such
REIT Shares on any stock exchange. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.4(a) and this Section 8.4(b),
the Tendering Parties shall have no rights under this Agreement that would otherwise be prohibited under the Declaration of Trust.

30

(c) In
connection with an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.4, unless waived by the General Partner, the
Tendering Party shall submit the following to the General Partner, in addition to the Notice of Redemption:

(i) A
written affidavit, dated the same date as the Notice of Redemption, (a) disclosing the actual and constructive ownership, as determined
for purposes of Code Sections 856(a)(6) and 856(h), of REIT Shares by (i) such Tendering Party and (ii) any Related Party
and (b) representing that, after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party will own REIT
Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable the Excepted Holder Limit);

(ii) A
written representation that neither the Tendering Party nor any Related Party has any intention to acquire any additional REIT Shares
prior to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date;

(iii) An
undertaking to certify, at and as a condition to the closing of the Redemption on the Specified Redemption Date, that either (a) the
actual and constructive ownership of REIT Shares by the Tendering Party and any Related Party remain unchanged from that disclosed in
the affidavit required by Section 8.4(c)(1) or (b) after giving effect to the Redemption, neither the Tendering
Party nor any Related Party shall own REIT Shares in violation of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit (or, if applicable, the Excepted
Holder Limit); and

(iv) Any
other documents as the General Partner may reasonably require.

(d) Any
Cash Amount to be paid to a Tendering Party pursuant to this Section 8.4 shall be paid on the Specified Redemption Date;
provided, however, that the General Partner may elect to cause the Specified Redemption Date to be delayed for up to an additional 180
days to the extent required for the General Partner to cause additional REIT Shares to be issued to provide financing to be used to make
such payment of the Cash Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner agrees to use its best efforts to cause the closing
of the acquisition of Tendered Units hereunder to occur as quickly as reasonably possible.

(e) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the General Partner may in its sole discretion place appropriate restrictions on the ability of
the Limited Partners to exercise their Redemption Rights to prevent, among other things, (a) any person from owning shares in excess
of the Common Share Ownership Limit, the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and any applicable Excepted Holder Limit, (b) the General
Partners common shares from being owned by less than 100 persons, (c) the General Partner from being closely held
within the meaning of section 856(h) of the Code, or (d) the Partnership constituting a publicly traded partnership
under section 7704 of the Code.

(f) A
redemption fee may be charged (other than to the Adviser, the Special Limited Partner or their respective Affiliates) in connection with
an exercise of Redemption Rights pursuant to this Section 8.4.

8.5 Required
Redemption of Limited Partners.

The General Partner, in its sole discretion,
may require a Limited Partner to surrender all or any portion of its Partnership Units and withdraw from the Partnership to the extent
such Redemption is in the best interest of the Partnership, as determined by the General Partner in good faith at any time for any reason
or no reason with or without prior notice to such Limited Partner. A notice of mandatory redemption pursuant to this Section 8.5
shall have the same effect as a request for redemption by a Limited Partner given pursuant to Section 8.4; provided that
the mandatory redemption of all or any portion of such Limited Partners Partnership Units shall be effective on the date determined
by the General Partner and indicated in such notice.

31

ARTICLE 9

TRANSFERS
OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

9.1 Purchase
for Investment.

(a) Each
Limited Partner hereby represents and warrants to the General Partner and to the Partnership that the acquisition of his Partnership
Interest is made as a principal for his account for investment purposes only and not with a view to the resale or distribution of such
Partnership Interest.

(b) Each
Limited Partner agrees that he will not sell, assign or otherwise Transfer his Partnership Interest or any fraction thereof, whether
voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise, to any Person who does not make the representations and warranties
to the General Partner set forth in Section 9.1(a) above and similarly agree not to sell, assign or Transfer such Partnership
Interest or fraction thereof to any Person who does not similarly represent, warrant and agree.

9.2 Restrictions
on Transfer of Limited Partnership Interests.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 9.2(b) and Section 9.2(c), no Limited Partner may offer, sell, assign, hypothecate,
pledge or otherwise Transfer all or any portion of his Limited Partnership Interest, or any of such Limited Partners economic
rights as a Limited Partner, whether voluntarily or by operation of law or at judicial sale or otherwise (collectively, a Transfer)
without the consent of the General Partner, which consent may be granted or withheld in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that
the Special Limited Partner may Transfer all or any portion of its Limited Partnership Interest, or any of its economic rights as a Limited
Partner, to any of its Affiliates without the consent of the General Partner. Any such purported Transfer undertaken without such consent
shall be considered to be null and void ab initio and shall not be given effect. The General Partner may require, as a condition
of any Transfer to which it consents, that the transferor assume all costs incurred by the Partnership in connection therewith.

(b) No
Limited Partner may withdraw from the Partnership other than as a result of a permitted Transfer (i.e., a Transfer consented to as contemplated
by clause (a) above or clause (c) below or a Transfer pursuant to Section 9.5 below) of all of its Partnership
Interest pursuant to this Article 9 or pursuant to a Redemption of all of its Partnership Units pursuant to Section 8.4.
Upon the permitted Transfer or Redemption of all of a Limited Partners Partnership Interest, such Limited Partner shall cease
to be a Limited Partner.

(c) Notwithstanding
Section 9.2(a) and subject to Section 9.2(d), Section 9.2(e) and Section 9.2(f) below,
a Limited Partner may Transfer, without the consent of the General Partner, all or a portion of its Partnership Interest to (i) a
parent or parents spouse, natural or adopted descendant or descendants, spouse of such descendant, or brother or sister, or a
trust created by such Limited Partner for the benefit of such Limited Partner and/or any such person(s), of which trust such Limited
Partner or any such person(s) is a trustee, (ii) a corporation controlled by a Person or Persons named in (i) above, or
(iii) if the Limited Partner is an entity, its beneficial owners.

(d) No
Limited Partner may effect a Transfer of its Limited Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, without the consent of the General Partner,
which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, if, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, such proposed Transfer
would require the registration of the Limited Partnership Interest under the Securities Act or would otherwise violate any applicable
U.S. federal or state securities or blue sky law (including investment suitability standards).

(e) No
Transfer by a Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest, in whole or in part, may be made to any Person without the consent of the
General Partner, which may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion, if (i) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership,
the Transfer would result in the Partnerships being treated as an association taxable as a corporation (other than a qualified
REIT subsidiary within the meaning of Section 856(i) of the Code and the General Partner determines such treatment would be
in the best interest of the Partnership), (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, it would adversely affect the
ability of the General Partner to continue to qualify as a REIT or subject the General Partner to any additional taxes under Section 857
or Section 4981 of the Code, (iii) in the opinion of legal counsel for the Partnership, the transfer would cause the Partnership
not to qualify for the safe harbor described in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h), (iv) the transfer would result
in the Partnership at any time during its taxable year having more than 100 partners, within the meaning of Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of
the U.S. Treasury Regulations (taking into account Section 1.7704-1(h)(3) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations), or (v) such
Transfer is effectuated through an established securities market or a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent
thereof) within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code.

32

(f) No
Transfer by a Limited Partner of any Partnership Interest may be made to a lender to the Partnership or any Person who is related (within
the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-4(b)) to any lender to the Partnership whose loan constitutes a nonrecourse liability (within
the meaning of Regulations Section 1.752-1(a)(2)), without the consent of the General Partner, which may be withheld in its sole
and absolute discretion, provided that as a condition to such consent the lender may be required to enter into an arrangement with the
Partnership and the General Partner to exchange or redeem for the Cash Amount any Partnership Units in which a security interest is held
simultaneously with the time at which such lender would be deemed to be a Partner in the Partnership for purposes of allocating liabilities
to such lender under Section 752 of the Code.

(g) Any
Transfer in contravention of any of the provisions of this Article 9 shall be void and ineffectual and shall not be binding
upon, or recognized by, the Partnership.

(h) Prior
to the consummation of any Transfer under this Article 9, the transferor and/or the transferee shall deliver to the General
Partner such opinions, certificates and other documents as the General Partner shall request in connection with such Transfer.

9.3 Admission
of Substitute Limited Partner.

(a) Subject
to the other provisions of this Article 9, an assignee of the Limited Partnership Interest of a Limited Partner (which shall
be understood to include any purchaser, transferee, donee, or other recipient of any disposition of such Limited Partnership Interest)
shall be deemed admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership only with the consent of the General Partner and upon the satisfactory
completion of the following:

(i) The
assignee shall have accepted and agreed to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement by executing a counterpart or an amendment
thereof and such other documents or instruments as the General Partner may require in order to effect the admission of such Person as
a Limited Partner.

(ii) To
the extent required, an amended Certificate evidencing the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner shall have been signed, acknowledged
and filed for record in accordance with the Act.

(iii) The
assignee shall have delivered a letter containing the representation set forth in Section 9.1(a) hereof and the agreement
set forth in Section 9.1(b) hereof.

(iv) If
the assignee is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, the assignee shall have provided the General Partner with evidence
satisfactory to counsel for the Partnership of the assignees authority to become a Limited Partner under the terms and provisions
of this Agreement.

(v) The
assignee shall have executed a power of attorney containing the terms and provisions set forth in Section 8.2 hereof.

(vi) The
assignee shall have paid all legal fees and other expenses of the Partnership and the General Partner and filing and publication costs
in connection with its substitution as a Limited Partner.

33

(vii) The
assignee has obtained the prior written consent of the General Partner to its admission as a Substitute Limited Partner, which consent
may be given or denied in the exercise of the General Partners sole and absolute discretion.

(b) For
the purpose of allocating Profits and Losses and distributing cash received by the Partnership, a Substitute Limited Partner shall be
treated as having become, and appearing in the records of the Partnership as, a Partner upon the filing of the Certificate described
in Section 9.3(a)(ii) hereof or, if no such filing is required, the later of the date specified in the transfer documents
or the date on which the General Partner has received all necessary instruments of transfer and substitution.

(c) The
General Partner shall cooperate with the Person seeking to become a Substitute Limited Partner by preparing the documentation required
by this Section 9.3 and making all official filings and publications. The Partnership shall take all such action as promptly
as practicable after the satisfaction of the conditions in this Article 9 to the admission of such Person as a Limited Partner
of the Partnership.

9.4 Rights
of Assignees of Partnership Interests.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 9.1 and Section 9.2 hereof, except as required by operation of law, the Partnership
shall not be obligated for any purposes whatsoever to recognize the assignment by any Limited Partner of its Partnership Interest until
the Partnership has received notice thereof.

(b) Any
Person who is the assignee of all or any portion of a Limited Partners Limited Partnership Interest, but does not become a Substitute
Limited Partner and desires to make a further assignment of such Limited Partnership Interest, shall be subject to all the provisions
of this Article 9 to the same extent and in the same manner as any Limited Partner desiring to make an assignment of its
Limited Partnership Interest.

9.5 Effect
of Bankruptcy, Death, Incompetence or Termination of a Limited Partner. The occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy as to a
Limited Partner, the death of a Limited Partner or a final adjudication that a Limited Partner is incompetent (which term shall include,
but not be limited to, insanity) shall not cause the termination or dissolution of the Partnership, and the business of the Partnership
shall continue if an order for relief in a bankruptcy proceeding is entered against a Limited Partner, the trustee or receiver of his
estate or, if he dies, his executor, administrator or trustee, or, if he is finally adjudicated incompetent, his committee, guardian
or conservator, shall have the rights of such Limited Partner for the purpose of settling or managing his estate property and such power
as the bankrupt, deceased or incompetent Limited Partner possessed to assign all or any part of his Partnership Interest and to join
with the assignee in satisfying conditions precedent to the admission of the assignee as a Substitute Limited Partner.

9.6 Joint
Ownership of Interests. A Partnership Interest may be acquired by two individuals as joint tenants with right of survivorship,
provided that such individuals either are married or are related and share the same home as tenants in common. The written consent or
vote of both owners of any such jointly held Partnership Interest shall be required to constitute the action of the owners of such Partnership
Interest; provided, however, that the written consent of only one joint owner will be required if the Partnership has been provided with
evidence satisfactory to the counsel for the Partnership that the actions of a single joint owner can bind both owners under the applicable
laws of the state of residence of such joint owners. Upon the death of one owner of a Partnership Interest held in a joint tenancy with
a right of survivorship, the Partnership Interest shall become owned solely by the survivor as a Limited Partner and not as an assignee.
The Partnership need not recognize the death of one of the owners of a jointly-held Partnership Interest until it shall have received
notice of such death. Upon notice to the General Partner from either owner, the General Partner shall cause the Partnership Interest
to be divided into two equal Partnership Interests, which shall thereafter be owned separately by each of the former owners.

34

ARTICLE 10

BOOKS
AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS

10.1 Books
and Records. At all times during the continuance of the Partnership, the Partners shall keep or cause to be kept at the Partnerships
specified office true and complete books of account in accordance with GAAP, including: (a) a current list of the full name and
last known business address of each Partner, (b) a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership and all Certificates of amendment
thereto, (c) copies of the Partnerships U.S. federal, state and local income tax returns and reports, (d) copies of
this Agreement and amendments thereto and any financial statements of the Partnership for the three most recent years and (e) all
documents and information required under the Act. Any Partner or its duly authorized representative, upon paying the costs of collection,
duplication and mailing, shall be entitled to inspect or copy such records during ordinary business hours.

10.2 Custody
of Partnership Funds; Bank Accounts.

(a) All
funds of the Partnership not otherwise invested shall be deposited in one or more accounts maintained in such banking or brokerage institutions
as the General Partner shall determine, and withdrawals shall be made only on such signature or signatures as the General Partner may,
from time to time, determine.

(b) All
deposits and other funds not needed in the operation of the business of the Partnership may be invested in any manner determined by the
General Partner in its sole discretion. The funds of the Partnership shall not be commingled with the funds of any other Person except
for such commingling as may necessarily result from an investment permitted by this Section 10.2(b).

10.3 Fiscal
and Taxable Year. The fiscal and taxable year of the Partnership shall be determined under Section 706 of the Code.

10.4 Annual
Tax Information and Report. As promptly as possible and no later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Partnership
(subject to reasonable delays in the event of the late receipt of any necessary financial statements of the Person in which the Partnership
holds a Property), the General Partner shall furnish to each person who was a Limited Partner at any time during such year the tax information
necessary to file such Limited Partners U.S. federal and state income tax returns as required by law with respect to the Partnership.

10.5 Partnership
Representative; Tax Elections; Special Basis Adjustments.

(a) The
General Partner shall be or shall appoint in its sole discretion, the Partnership Representative of the Partnership. In respect of an
income tax audit of any tax return of the Partnership, the filing of any amended return or claim for refund in connection with any item
of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit reflected on any tax return of the Partnership, or any administrative or judicial proceedings
arising out of or in connection with any such audit, amended return, claim for refund or denial of such claim, (A) the Partnership
Representative shall be authorized to act for, and its decision shall be final and binding upon, the Partnership and all Partners, (B) all
expenses incurred by the Partnership Representative in connection therewith (including attorneys, accountants and other
advisors fees) shall be expenses of, and payable by, the Partnership and (C) no Partner shall have the right to participate
in the audit of any Partnership tax return or any administrative or judicial proceedings conducted by the Partnership or the Partnership
Representative arising out of or in connection with any such audit. The Partnership Representative shall keep the General Partner reasonably
informed as to the progress of and any settlement of any tax examinations, audits or proceedings. The Partnership Representative shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to allocate the burden of any material taxes (and any interest, penalties and expenses related thereto)
that are payable by the Partnership as a result of any adjustments arising from an audit or other tax proceeding involving the Partnership
to the Partners or former Partners to which such taxes, interest, penalties and related expenses are attributable. The Partnership may,
at the direction of the Partnership Representative, make the election described in Section 6226(a) of the Code with respect
to any partnership adjustments for each taxable year and, if an election described in Section 6226(a) of the Code is not made
with respect to any partnership adjustments and the Partnership pays an imputed underpayment pursuant to Section 6225 of the Code,
the Partnership Representative shall use reasonable efforts to cause the Partnership to treat the portion of such imputed underpayment
attributable to a Partner as an advance pursuant to Section 5.2(d). Notwithstanding this Section 10.5(a), the
Partnership Representative is authorized to take any action permitted under Section 6223 of the Code or under any other corresponding
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law.

35

(b) Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all elections required or permitted to be made (or revoked) by the Partnership under the Code
or any applicable state, local or non-U.S. tax law (including (i) any elections under Sections 734(b), 743(b) and 754 of the
Code, (ii) any elections under Sections 6225 or 6226 of the Code, (iii) any election under Section 163(j)(7)(b) of
the Code, (iv) any election under Section 168(k)(7) of the Code and (v) any election comparable to the foregoing
under provisions of state, local or non-U.S. law) shall be made by the General Partner in its sole and absolute discretion.

(c) In
the event of a Transfer of all or any part of the Partnership Interest of any Partner, the Partnership, at the option of the General
Partner, may elect pursuant to Section 754 of the Code to adjust the basis of the Partnerships assets. Notwithstanding anything
contained in Article 5, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 754 of the Code shall affect only the successor in
interest to the transferring Partner and in no event shall be taken into account in establishing, maintaining or computing Capital Accounts
for the other Partners for any purpose under this Agreement. Each Partner will furnish the Partnership with all information necessary
to give effect to such election.

10.6 Reports
to Limited Partners. As soon as practicable after the close of each fiscal year, but in no event later than the date on which
the General Partner mails its annual report to holders of the REIT Shares, the General Partner shall cause to be made available to each
Limited Partner an annual report containing financial statements of the Partnership, or of the General Partner if such statements are
prepared solely on a consolidated basis with the General Partner, for such fiscal year, presented in accordance with GAAP, to the extent
not available in the General Partners public filings. The annual financial statements shall be audited by accountants selected
by the General Partner.

ARTICLE 11

AMENDMENT
OF AGREEMENT; MERGER

The General Partners
consent shall be required for any amendment to this Agreement. The General Partner, without the consent of the Limited Partners, may
amend this Agreement in any respect, merge or consolidate the Partnership with or into any other partnership or business entity (as defined
in Section 17-211 of the Act) in a transaction pursuant to Section 7.1(b), Section 7.1(c) or Section 7.1(d) hereof
and take all actions that are required to effect a Conversion Event; provided, however, that the following amendments and any other merger
or consolidation of the Partnership (other than in connection with a Conversion Event) shall require the consent of Limited Partners
holding more than 50% of the Percentage Interests of the Limited Partners:

(a) any
amendment affecting the operation of the Redemption Right (except as provided in Section 8.4(e), Section 7.1(b) or
Section 7.1(c)) in a manner adverse to the Limited Partners;

(b) any
amendment that would adversely affect the rights of the Limited Partners to receive the distributions payable to them hereunder, other
than with respect to the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.3;

(c) any
amendment that would alter the Partnerships allocations of Profit and Loss to the Limited Partners, other than with respect to
the issuance of additional Partnership Units pursuant to Section 4.3; or

(d) any
amendment that would impose on the Limited Partners any obligation to make additional Capital Contributions to the Partnership.

36

ARTICLE 12

GENERAL
PROVISIONS

12.1 Notices.
All communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered
personally or upon deposit in the United States mail, registered, postage prepaid return receipt requested, to the Partners at the addresses
set forth on the Partnerships books and records; provided, however, that any Partner may specify a different address by notifying
the General Partner in writing of such different address. Notices to the Partnership shall be delivered at or mailed to its specified
office.

12.2 Survival
of Rights. Subject to the provisions hereof limiting transfers, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Partners and the Partnership and their respective legal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns.

12.3 Additional
Documents. Each Partner agrees to perform all further acts and execute, swear to, acknowledge and deliver all further documents
which may be reasonable, necessary, appropriate or desirable to carry out the provisions of this Agreement or the Act.

12.4 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such provision shall
be deemed to be severable from this Agreement (to the extent permitted by law) and in any event such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability
shall not affect the remainder hereof.

12.5 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement and exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire Agreement of the Partners and supersede all prior
written agreements and prior and contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

12.6 Pronouns
and Plurals. When the context in which words are used in the Agreement indicates that such is the intent, words in the singular
number shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the neuter or female gender as the context may require.

12.7 Headings.
The Article headings or sections in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used in construing the scope of this
Agreement or any particular Article.

12.8 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the
same counterpart. For the avoidance of doubt, a Persons execution and delivery of this Agreement by electronic signature and electronic
transmission (collectively, an Electronic Signature), including via Docusign or other similar method, shall constitute
the execution and delivery of a counterpart of this Agreement by or on behalf of such Person and shall bind such Person to the terms
of this Agreement. The Partners hereto agree that this Agreement and any additional information incidental hereto may be maintained as
electronic records. Any Person executing and delivering this Agreement by Electronic Signature further agrees to take any and all reasonable
additional actions, if any, evidencing its intent to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, as may be reasonably requested by the General
Partner.

12.9 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

37

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have hereunder affixed their signatures to this Agreement, all as of the date first set forth above.

GENERAL PARTNER:

NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST

By: /s/ Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy Kaplan

Title: Chief Executive Officer and
President

SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER:

NEWLEASE SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER LP

By: /s/ Adam Weinstein

Name: Adam Weinstein

Title: Authorized Person

38

SOLELY FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 2.1:

INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER:

NMNC INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER
L.P., L.L.C.

By: /s/ Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy Kaplan

Title: Authorized Person

39

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF REDEMPTION RIGHT

In accordance with Section 8.4 of the Limited
Partnership Agreement (the Agreement) of NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP, the undersigned hereby irrevocably (i) presents
for redemption ______ Partnership Units in NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Redemption
Right referred to in Section 8.4 thereof, (ii) surrenders such Partnership Units and all right, title and interest therein,
and (iii) directs that the Cash Amount or REIT Shares Amount (as defined in the Agreement) as determined by the General Partner
deliverable upon exercise of the Redemption Right be delivered to the address specified below, and if REIT Shares (as defined in the
Agreement) are to be delivered, such REIT Shares be registered or placed in the name(s) and at the address(es) specified below.

Dated: ,

(Name of Limited Partner)

(Signature of Limited Partner)

(Mailing Address)

(City) (State) (Zip Code)

Signature Guaranteed by:

If REIT Shares are to be issued, issue to:

Name:

Social Security or Tax I.D. Number:

40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2426212d6_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CERTAIN INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS
EXHIBIT PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(10) OF REGULATION S-K, BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS
AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT PURSUANT
TO ITEM 601(A)(6) OF REGULATION S-K. [***] INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED.

MASTER REORGANIZATION AGREEMENT

This MASTER REORGANIZATION
AGREEMENT (Agreement) is entered into as of January 2, 2025, effective as of January 2, 2025 (the Effective
Date), by and among:

(a) New
Mountain Net Lease Partners Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Existing REIT);

(b) New
Mountain Net Lease Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (NM Fund I);

(c) New
Mountain Net Lease Trust, a Maryland statutory trust (the Trust);

(d) NMC
Initial L.P., L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Initial LP);

(e) New
Mountain Net Lease Delaware Feeder, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Blocker);

(f) NMNL
QRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (NMNL QRS); and

(g) New
Mountain Net Lease GP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the NMC GP).

R
E C I T A L S:

WHEREAS,
NM Fund I currently indirectly holds a portfolio of net lease assets through the Existing REIT (the Seed Portfolio);

WHEREAS,
NM Fund I has organized the Trust, a perpetual-life, non-traded real estate investment trust, which intends to undertake a continuous
private offering of its Common Shares;

WHEREAS,
NM Fund I intends to undertake a recapitalization, pursuant to which partners of NM Fund I and Blocker had the opportunity to elect to
continue to hold an ownership interest in the Seed Portfolio, indirectly through an ownership interest in the Trust, or, following the
transactions contemplated hereby, have their ownership interest liquidated through a repurchase for such interest for cash; and

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the assuming parties agree to perform all of the duties, obligations,
liabilities and undertakings associated with ownership and holding of Common Shares or other equity interests as set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein,
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending
to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Definitions.
The following terms used in this Agreement not otherwise defined elsewhere shall have the meanings specified below:

a. Adviser shall mean New Mountain Finance Advisers, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company.

b. Agreement and Plan of Merger shall mean that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated January 2, 2025, between NMNL QRS, Blocker and the Trust.

c. Assumed NAV shall mean $546,154,685, which is calculated as follows: the Seed Portfolio
Fair Value, plus (i) New Mountains good faith estimate of undistributed net income received by NM Fund I in respect of the
Seed Portfolio following September 30, 2024 through the close of business on the day immediately prior to the Effective Date (such
period, the Pre-Closing Period), net of any accrued expenses of NM Fund I relating to the Pre-Closing Period, plus
(ii) any cash or cash equivalents held by NM Fund I (including any subsidiary thereof) as of the day immediately prior to the Effective
Date.

d. Common Shares shall mean common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per
share, of the Trust.

e. Election Form shall mean the Election Form attached as Appendix A to the Solicitation
Materials, dated September 10, 2024.

f. Existing Partners shall mean the partners of NM Fund I as of the Effective Date.

g. New Mountain shall mean New Mountain Capital, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company.

h. Seed Portfolio Fair Value shall mean net asset value of the Seed Portfolio (as determined
by the Adviser) as of September 30, 2024.

2.The
parties hereby confirm that the following transactions shall hereby occur pursuant to this Agreement and in the order as set forth below,
without the need for further action by any person:

i. STEPS ONE TWO:

a. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, as of the Effective Date, NM Fund I is the holder of 100%
of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Existing REIT. As of the Effective Date, NM Fund I hereby agrees to contribute, transfer
and deliver 100% of its right, title and interest in the Existing REIT (as set forth in the books and records of the Existing REIT) to
the Trust free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, charges, claims, restrictions and encumbrances of any nature
whatsoever (collectively, Liens) in exchange for a number of Common Shares in such amounts and class designations
as set forth on Schedule I hereto (the REIT Contribution). For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate number
of Common Shares issued by the Trust to NM Fund I represents the Assumed NAV, divided by $20.00. Following the REIT Contribution, the
Existing REIT will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Trust. The Trust hereby accepts delivery of such shares of common stock of
the Existing REIT and hereby assumes and agrees to perform all of the duties, obligations, liabilities and undertakings associated with
ownership and holding of the shares of common stock of the Existing REIT.

2

b. Immediately following the REIT Contribution, the parties acknowledge the Existing REIT filed (i) (a) a
certificate of conversion and (b) a certificate of limited partnership, in each case, with Delaware Secretary of State and (ii) articles
of conversion with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland, to convert to a Delaware limited partnership (collectively,
the OP Conversion) and change its name to NEWLEASE Operating Partnership LP (after such conversion
and name change, referred to as, the Operating Partnership). In connection with the OP Conversion, (i) the Trust
contributes nominal interests in the Operating Partnership to Initial LP and (ii) the Operating Partnership enters into that certain
limited partnership agreement, dated as the Effective Date, by and among, the Trust and NEWLEASE Special Limited Partner LP. For U.S.
federal income tax purposes, the REIT Contribution and OP Conversion, taken together, are intended to be treated as a tax-free reorganization
under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code. The parties hereto further agree that this Agreement shall constitute a plan
of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(g) adopted as of the date hereof.

STEP
THREE FOUR:

a. Following the REIT Contribution, NM Fund I hereby distributes, transfers and delivers to the Existing
Partners, including Blocker, in proportion to their respective ownership in NM Fund I as of the Effective Date and in such amounts as
set forth on Schedule II hereto, its right, title and interest in the Common Shares received by NM Fund I in connection the REIT
Contribution free and clear of all Liens (the NM Fund I Distribution). For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
NM Fund I Distribution is intended to be treated as a distribution under Section 731 of the Code.

b. Immediately following the NM Fund I Distribution, the Trust shall (i) admit new investors for cash
and (ii) shall repurchase for cash from those Existing Partners that elected to liquidate their interest in the Seed Portfolio, other
than Blocker (each, a Selling LP) as set forth on each such Existing Partners Election Form all or part
of the Common Shares such Existing Partner received in connection with the NM Fund I Distribution, in such amounts as set forth on Schedule
III hereto (each, a Selling LP Repurchase). Following each Selling LP Repurchase, each Selling LP shall have
no rights with respect to such Common Shares and the books and records of the Trust shall be updated to reflect the Selling LP Repurchase.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Selling LP Repurchase is intended to be treated as a redemption of shares in the Trust by Selling
LPs under Section 302 of the Code.

STEPS
FIVE EIGHT:

a. Each limited partner of Blocker contributes all their loans to capital of Blocker.

b. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, the Blocker shall merge with and into NMNL QRS, with Blocker
surviving (the Blocker / QRS Merger), with each (i) limited partner of Blocker receiving cash consideration
in an amount as set forth on Schedule I to the Agreement and Plan of Merger for such limited partners interest in Blocker
and (ii) the general partner of Blocker receiving cash consideration in an amount as set forth on Schedule II to the Agreement
and Plan of Merger. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Blocker / QRS Merger is intended to be treated as a taxable sale of shares
of Blocker.

3

c. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, immediately following the Blocker / QRS Merger, Blocker
shall merge with and into the Trust, with the Trust surviving (the Trust / Blocker Merger). For U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the Trust / Blocker Merger is intended to be treated as a liquidation of Blocker under Section 332 of the Code. The
parties hereto further agree that the Trust / Blocker Merger shall constitute a plan of liquidation in accordance with Section 332
of the Code which shall be adopted following the consummation of the Blocker / QRS Merger.

d. Following the Trust / Blocker Merger, NMC GP shall contribute $525,863, which is equal to the cash it
received in connection with Blocker / QRS Merger, to the Trust in consideration for 26,293.15 Class E Common Shares.

STEPS
NINE TEN:

a. Following the Trust / Blocker Merger, NMC GP shall distribute in kind to each of its partners in proportion
to their respective ownership percentage as of the Effective Date all assets, including the Common Shares it receives pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, and thereafter dissolves in accordance with its terms. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, this Step 9 is intended
to be treated as a liquidating distribution under Section 731 of the Code.

b. Following the Trust / Blocker Merger, Initial LP dissolves in accordance with its terms and distributes
its interest in the OP to the Trust.

3.Effect of Agreement, Etc. Each of the parties hereto
hereby represents and warrants as of the date of this Agreement, that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
such party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse
of time, or both (A) violate any provision of law, statute, rule, regulation or executive order to which such party is subject;
(B) violate any judgment, order, writ or decree of any court applicable to such party; or (C) result in the breach of or
conflict with any term, covenant, condition or provision of, or constitute a default under, any material commitment, contract or
other agreement or instrument, to which such party is or may be bound or affected.

4.Cooperation. Each of the parties hereto,
without further consideration, shall execute and deliver other documents and take such other action as may be necessary to
consummate more effectively the subject matter hereof.

5.Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives of the parties hereto. Nothing in this
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any person, other than the parties hereto or their respective successors
and assigns, any rights or benefits under or by reason of this Agreement.

6.Limitation on Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by any
party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Any assignment or delegation in derogation of this
provision shall be null and void.

7.Entire Agreement. It is expressly understood and
agreed that this Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding concerning the subject matter herein, and supersedes and
replaces all prior negotiations and agreements between the parties hereto, whether written or oral. It is expressly understood and
agreed that there have been no promises, agreements, warranties or inducements, not herein expressed. The parties hereto acknowledge
that they have read this Agreement and have executed it without relying upon any statements, representations, or warranties,
written, or oral, not expressly set forth herein.

4

8.Waiver, Modification and Amendment. No
provision herein may be waived unless in writing signed by the party whose rights are thereby waived. Waiver of any one provision
herein shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other provision herein. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by written
agreement executed by all the parties hereto.

9.Governing Law. This Agreement shall in all respects be
interpreted, enforced and governed by and under the laws of the State of Delaware.

10.Consent
to Jurisdiction. Each party hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware or any federal court within the District of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other
request for leave from any such court, (c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or any federal court within the
District of Delaware and (d) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance
of such action or Proceeding in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or such Federal court. Each party hereto agrees that a
final judgment in any such action or Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment
or in any other manner provided by law. Any judgment from any such court described above may, however, be enforced by any party hereto
in any other court in any other jurisdiction.

11.Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 11.

12.Severability.
In the event that one or more of the provisions or portions thereof of this Agreement is determined to be illegal or unenforceable, the
remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and each of the remaining provisions or portion thereof shall remain, continue
to be valid and effective and be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

13.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all when taken together
shall constitute the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, a Persons execution and delivery of this Amendment by electronic signature
and electronic transmission, including via DocuSign or other similar method, shall constitute the execution and delivery of a counterpart
of this Amendment by or on behalf of such Person.

14.Titles
and Captions. Paragraphs, titles and captions contained in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference
and shall in no way be construed to define, limit or extend the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any of its provisions.

15.Recitals.
Each of the Recitals is incorporated herein by this reference and shall become part of this Agreement.

* * *

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE PARTNERS CORPORATION

By: /s/
Adam Weinstein

Name: Adam
B. Weinstein 

Title: Authorized
Person

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE PARTNERS, L.P.

By:
New Mountain Net Lease GP, L.L.C., its general partner 

By: /s/
Adam Weinstein

Name: Adam
B. Weinstein 

Title: Managing
Director

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST

By: /s/
Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy
Kaplan 

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE DELAWARE FEEDER, L.P.

By:
New Mountain Net Lease GP, L.L.C., its general partner 

By: /s/
Adam Weinstein

Name: Adam
B. Weinstein 

Title: Managing
Director

[Signature Page NEWLEASE 
Master Reorganization Agreement]

NMNL
QRS, Inc. 

By: /s/ Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy Kaplan 

Title: Authorized Person

NMC
INITIAL L.P., L.L.C.

By:
New Mountain Net Lease Trust, its managing member

By: /s/ Teddy Kaplan

Name: Teddy Kaplan 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE GP, L.L.C.

By: /s/ Adam Weinstein

Name: Adam B. Weinstein 

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page 
NEWLEASE Master Reorganization Agreement]

Schedule I REIT Contribution Consideration

Class Number of Shares

Class A common shares 831,571.40

Class F common shares 6,287,641.75

Class E common shares 20,188,521.10

[Signature Page 
NEWLEASE Master Reorganization Agreement]

Schedule II Distribution Amounts

[***]

[Signature Page 
NEWLEASE Master Reorganization Agreement]

Schedule III Selling LPs

[***]

[Signature Page NEWLEASE 
Master Reorganization Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2426212d6_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

CERTAIN INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM
THIS EXHIBIT PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(10) OF REGULATION S-K, BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT
TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT PURSUANT
TO ITEM 601(A)(6) OF REGULATION S-K. [***] INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED.

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

BETWEEN

NMNL QRS, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

AND

NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE DELAWARE FEEDER, L.P.

(a Delaware limited partnership)

AND

NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST

(a Maryland statutory trust)

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER,
dated as of January 2, 2025 (this Agreement), between NMNL QRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation),
New Mountain Net Lease Delaware Feeder, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the LP), and New Mountain Net Lease Trust,
a Maryland statutory trust (the Trust).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, the LP desires to acquire
the properties and other assets, and to assume all of the liabilities and obligations, of the Corporation by means of a merger of the
Corporation with and into the LP;

WHEREAS, Section 17-211
of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, 6 Del. C. 17-101, et seq. (the LP Act), and
Section 263 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, 8 Del. C. 101, et seq. (the GCL)
authorize the merger of a Delaware corporation with and into a Delaware limited partnership;

WHEREAS, the Corporation and
the LP now desire to merge (the First Merger), with the LP as the surviving entity;

WHEREAS, the Corporations
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws permit, and resolutions adopted by the Corporations Board of Directors authorize, this
Agreement and the consummation of the First Merger;

WHEREAS, this Agreement and
the First Merger and the Second Merger (as defined below) have been authorized in accordance with the Act and with the limited partnership
agreement of the LP;

WHEREAS, following the First
Merger, the Trust desires to acquire the properties and other assets, and to assume all of the liabilities and obligations, of the LP
by means of a merger of the LP with and into the Trust;

WHEREAS, Section 17-211
of the LP Act, and Section 12-601 of the Maryland Statutory Trust Act (the Maryland Act) authorize the merger of a
Delaware limited partnership with and into a Maryland statutory trust;

WHEREAS, the LP and the Trust
now desire to merge (the Second Merger and together with the First Merger, the Mergers), with the Trust as
the surviving entity;

WHEREAS, this Agreement and
the Second Merger have been authorized in accordance with the Maryland Act and the Certificate of Trust and governing instrument of the
Trust; and

NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

SECTION 1.01. The Mergers.

(a) After satisfaction
or, to the extent permitted hereunder, waiver of all conditions to the First Merger, as the Corporation and the LP shall determine, and
subject to the applicable provisions of the GCL and the LP Act, the Corporation shall merge with and into the LP, with the LP being the
surviving entity, and the LP shall file a certificate of merger (the First Certificate of Merger) with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware and make all other filings or recordings required by Delaware law in connection with the First Merger.
The First Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the First Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware or such later time as may be provided for in the First Certificate of Merger (the First Effective Time).

(b) At the First Effective
Time, the Corporation shall be merged with and into the LP, whereupon the separate existence of the Corporation shall cease, and the LP
shall be the surviving entity of the First Merger (the Surviving LP) in accordance with Section 17-211 of the LP Act
and Section 263 of the GCL.

-2-

(c) After the First Merger,
and after satisfaction or, to the extent permitted hereunder, waiver of all conditions to the Second Merger, as the LP and the Trust shall
determine, and subject to the applicable provisions of the LP Act and the Maryland Act, the LP shall merge with and into the Trust, with
the Trust being the surviving entity, and the Trust shall file (i) a certificate of merger (the Second Certificate of Merger)
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and make all other filings or recordings required by Delaware law in connection with
the Second Merger, and (ii) articles of merger (the Maryland Certificate of Merger, and together with the Second Certificate
of Merger, the Certificates of Merger) with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the SDAT)
in accordance with the Maryland Act and make all other filings or recordings required by the Maryland Act in connection with the Second
Merger. The Second Merger shall become effective upon the later filing of such Certificates of Merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware and the SDAT, or at such later time as may be provided for in such Certificates of Merger (the Second Effective
Time).

(d) At the Second Effective
Time, the LP shall be merged with and into the Trust, whereupon the separate existence of the LP shall cease, and the Trust shall be the
surviving entity of the Second Merger (the Surviving Trust) in accordance with Section 17-211 of the LP Act and Section 12-610
of the Maryland Act.

SECTION 1.02. Cancellation
of Stock; Conversion of Interests in the First Merger. At the First Effective Time:

(a) Each
share of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall, by virtue of the First Merger
and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and no consideration shall be issued in respect thereof; and

(b) Each
limited partner interest in the LP outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall, by virtue of the First Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and converted into the right to receive cash consideration in the amounts
listed in Schedule I attached hereto in respect of each limited partner interest;

(c) Each
general partner interest in the LP outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall, by virtue of the First Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, (i) entitle the holder thereof to receive cash consideration in the amount
listed in Schedule II attached hereto and (ii) be converted into a non-economic general partner interest in the Surviving LP;

(d) NMNC
Initial L.P., L.L.C. shall be admitted to the LP as a limited partner of the LP holding no partnership interest in the LP.

-3-

SECTION 1.03. Cancellation
of Interests; Conversion of Interests in the Second Merger. At the Second Effective Time:

(a) Each
common share of beneficial interest in the Trust outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Second
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, remain unchanged and continue to remain outstanding as a common share
of beneficial interest, as applicable, in the Surviving Trust.

(b) Each partnership interest
in the LP outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Second Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be canceled and no consideration shall be issued in respect thereof.

ARTICLE II

THE SURVIVING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

SECTION 2.01. Certificate
of Limited Partnership. The certificate of limited partnership of the LP in effect immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall
be the certificate of partnership of the Surviving LP unless and until amended in accordance with its terms and applicable law. The name
of the Surviving LP shall be New Mountain Net Lease Delaware Feeder, L.P.

SECTION 2.02. Limited
Partnership Agreement. The limited partnership agreement of the LP in effect immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall be
the limited partnership agreement of the Surviving LP unless and until amended in accordance with its terms and applicable law.

SECTION 2.03. Certificate
of Trust. The certificate of trust of the Trust in effect immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall be the certificate
of Trust of the Surviving Trust unless and until amended in accordance with its terms and applicable law. The name of the Surviving Trust
shall be New Mountain Net Lease Trust.

SECTION 2.04. Trust
Agreement. The governing instrument of the trust, including the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws of the Trust,
in effect immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall be the governing instrument of the Surviving Trust unless and until amended
in accordance with its terms and applicable law.

-4-

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 3.01. Representations
and Warranties of the LP. The LP hereby represents and warrants that it:

(a) is a limited partnership
duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has all the requisite power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted;

(b) is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign person, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties or the nature
of its activities make such qualification necessary;

(c) is not in violation
of any provisions of its certificate of limited partnership or limited partnership agreement;

(d) has full power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and consummate the First Merger, the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; and

(e) has duly authorized
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the First Merger, the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

SECTION 3.02. Representations
and Warranties of the Corporation. The Corporation hereby represents and warrants that it:

(a) is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has all the requisite power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted;

(b) is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign person, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties or the nature
of its activities make such qualification necessary;

(c) is not in violation
of any provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws;

(d) has full corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, assuming the adoption of this Agreement by the sole stockholder of the
Corporation in accordance with the GCL and the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, consummate the First Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

(e) has duly authorized
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and, assuming the adoption of this Agreement by the sole stockholder of the Corporation in
accordance with the GCL and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Corporation, the consummation of the First Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

-5-

SECTION 3.03. Representations
and Warranties of the Trust. The Trust hereby represents and warrants that it:

(a) is a statutory trust
duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland, and has all the requisite power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted;

(b) is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign person, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties or the nature
of its activities make such qualification necessary;

(c) is not in violation
of any provisions of its Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated December 16, 2024 or Bylaws, dated December 16, 2024;

(d) has full power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and consummate the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and

(e) has duly authorized
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

ARTICLE IV

TRANSFER AND CONVEYANCE OF ASSETS

AND ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES

SECTION 4.01. Transfer,
Conveyance and Assumption for First Merger. At the First Effective Time, the LP shall continue in existence as the Surviving LP, and
without further transfer, succeed to and possess all of the rights, privileges and powers of the Corporation, and all of the assets and
property of whatever kind and character of the Corporation shall vest in the LP without further act or deed; thereafter, the LP, as the
Surviving LP, shall be liable for all of the liabilities and obligations of the Corporation, and any claim or judgment against the Corporation
may be enforced against the LP, as the Surviving LP, in accordance with Section 17-211 of the LP Act and Section 259 of the
GCL.

SECTION 4.02. Further
Assurances for First Merger. If, at any time after the First Effective Time, the Surviving LP or its general partner shall consider
or be advised that any further assignment, conveyance or assurance in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to (i) vest,
perfect or confirm in the Surviving LP its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of the Corporation
acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving LP as a result of, or in connection with, the First Merger, or (ii) otherwise carry out
the purposes of this Agreement, the Corporation and its proper officers shall be deemed to have granted to the Surviving LP and its general
partner an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all
acts necessary or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession of such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving LP
and otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement; and the general partner, officers and other agents of the Surviving LP are fully
authorized in the name of the Corporation or otherwise to take any and all such action.

-6-

SECTION 4.03. Transfer,
Conveyance and Assumption for Second Merger. At the Second Effective Time, the Trust shall continue in existence as the Surviving
Trust, and without further transfer, succeed to and possess all of the rights, privileges and powers of the LP, and all of the assets
and property of whatever kind and character of the LP shall vest in the Trust without further act or deed; thereafter, the Trust, as the
Surviving Trust, shall be liable for all of the liabilities and obligations of the LP, and any claim or judgment against the LP may be
enforced against the Trust, as the Surviving Trust, in accordance with Section 12-610 of the Maryland Act and Section 17-211
of the LP Act.

SECTION 4.04. Further
Assurances for Second Merger. If, at any time after the Second Effective Time, the Surviving Trust shall consider or be advised that
any further assignment, conveyance or assurance in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable to (i) vest, perfect or confirm
in the Surviving Trust its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of the LP acquired or to be
acquired by the Surviving Trust as a result of, or in connection with, the Second Merger, or (ii) otherwise carry out the purposes
of this Agreement, the LP and its proper officers shall be deemed to have granted to the Surviving Trust an irrevocable power of attorney
to execute and deliver all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and to do all acts necessary or proper to vest, perfect
or confirm title to and possession of such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Trust and otherwise carry out the purposes of
this Agreement; and the officers and other agents of the Surviving Trust are fully authorized in the name of the LP or otherwise to take
any and all such action.

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGERS

SECTION 5.01. Conditions
to the Obligations of Each Party for the First Merger. The obligations of the LP and the Corporation to consummate the First Merger
are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions as of the First Effective Time:

(a) no
provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment, injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the First
Merger;

-7-

(b) all
actions by or in respect of or filings with any governmental body, agency, official or authority required to permit the consummation of
the First Merger shall have been obtained; and

(c) this
Agreement shall have been adopted by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Corporation in accordance
with the requirements of the GCL and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Corporation.

SECTION 5.02. Conditions
to the Obligations of Each Party for the Second Merger. The obligations of the Trust and the LP to consummate the Second Merger are
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions as of the Second Effective Time:

(a) the
First Merger shall have become effective in accordance with applicable law;

(b) no
provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment, injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the Second
Merger;

(c) all
actions by or in respect of or filings with any governmental body, agency, official or authority required to permit the consummation of
the Second Merger shall have been obtained; and

(d) this
Agreement and the Second Merger shall have been approved by at least a majority of the trustees of the Trust (including a majority of
the independent trustees of the Trust)

ARTICLE VI

TERMINATION

SECTION 6.01. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Mergers may be abandoned at any time prior to the First Effective Time, notwithstanding the adoption
of this Agreement by the sole stockholder of the Corporation:

(a) by
mutual written consent of the LP, the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the Trust; or

(b) by
either the LP or the Board of Directors of the Corporation or the Trust, if there shall be any law or regulation that makes consummation
of the First Merger or Second Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, or if any judgment, injunction, order or decree enjoining (i) the
Corporation or the LP from consummating the First Merger or (ii) the Trust or the LP from consummating the Second Merger is entered
and such judgment, injunction, order or decree shall become final and nonappealable.

-8-

SECTION 6.02. Effect
of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 6.01, this Agreement shall become void and of no effect with
no liability on the part of either party hereto.

ARTICLE VII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 7.01. Amendments;
No Waivers.

(a) Any provision of this
Agreement may, subject to applicable law, be amended or waived prior to the First Effective Time if, and only if, such amendment or waiver
is in writing and signed by the LP and by the Corporation and by the Trust and whether before or after the adoption of this Agreement
by the sole stockholder of the Corporation; provided, however, that after any such adoption, there shall not be made any amendment
that by law requires the further approval by such stockholder without such further approval.

(b) No failure or delay
by any party hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial
exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and
remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

SECTION 7.02. Integration.
All prior or contemporaneous agreements, contracts, promises, representations, and statements, if any, between (i) the Corporation
and the LP, (ii) the LP and the Trust, (iii) the Corporation and the Trust, or (iv) the Corporation, the LP and the Trust,
or their representatives, are merged into this Agreement, and this Agreement shall constitute the entire understanding between the Corporation,
the LP, and the Trust with respect to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION 7.03. Successors
and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns, provided that no party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under
this Agreement without the consent of the other party hereto.

SECTION 7.04. Governing
Law. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

SECTION 7.05. Counterparts;
Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect
as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall
have received the counterpart hereof signed by the other party hereto.

-9-

SECTION 7.06. Exclusive
Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement brought by any party or its affiliates against any other party or its affiliates shall be brought and determined in the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware; provided, that if jurisdiction is not then available in the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware, then any such legal action or proceeding may be brought in any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any other
state court of the State of Delaware. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts
for itself and with respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, with regard to any such action or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the parties hereto agrees not to commence any action,
suit or proceeding relating thereto except in the courts described above, other than actions in any court of competent jurisdiction to
enforce any judgment, decree or award rendered by any such court as described herein.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

-10-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized representatives as of the day and year first above
written.

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE DELAWARE FEEDER, L.P.

By:
NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE GP, L.L.C., 

its
General Partner

By: /s/
Adam Weinstein 

Name:
Adam Weinstein 

Title:
Managing Director

NMNL
QRS, INC.

By: /s/
Teddy Kaplan 

Name:
Teddy Kaplan 

Title:
President

NEW
MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST

By: /s/
Teddy Kaplan 

Name:
Teddy Kaplan 

Title:
Chief Executive Officer and President

[Signature page to Merger Agreement]

NMNC
INITIAL L.P., L.L.C.

By:
NEW MOUNTAIN NET LEASE TRUST, its Managing Member

By: /s/
Teddy Kaplan 

Name:
Teddy Kaplan 

Title:
Chief Executive Officer and President

[Signature page to Merger Agreement]

Schedule I

[***]

Schedule II

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>none-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>none-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>none-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56701

Entity Registrant Name New Mountain Net Lease Trust

Entity Central Index Key 0002033695

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-6897976

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 1633 Broadway, 48th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 720-0300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://newmountainnetleasetrust/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

none-20250102.xsd 
none-20250102_lab.xml 
none-20250102_pre.xml 
tm2426212d6_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002030-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2426212d6_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002033695 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002033695 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
New Mountain Net Lease Trust 
MD 
000-56701 
99-6897976 
1633 Broadway, 48th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10019 
212 
720-0300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>