<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-000088.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-000088.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320180605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHOENIX MOTOR INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001879848
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCK & BUS BODIES [3713]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41414
		FILM NUMBER:		25758001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 SOUTH DOUBLEDAY AVENUE
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91761
		BUSINESS PHONE:		909-987-0815

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 SOUTH DOUBLEDAY AVENUE
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91761
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000187984800018798482025-03-142025-03-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 14, 2025

Phoenix
Motor Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-41414 85-4319789

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number)

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

1500
Lakeview Loop

Anaheim,
CA

92807

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (909)987-0815

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0004per share PEV The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 14, 2025, Phoenix Motor Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a loan agreement (the Loan
Agreement) with J.J. Astor & Co. (the Lender) pursuant to which the Lender agreed to loan the Company the sum
of up to $6,000,000, in two tranches of $4,000,000 and $2,000,000, in consideration for a senior secured convertible promissory note
in the original principal amount of $5,300,000 (the Initial Note), and if the second tranche of $2,000,000 is requested
by the Company and funded by the Lender, an additional senior secured convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of
$2,650,000 (the Additional Note, and together with the Initial Note, the Notes). The net proceeds of the
loan are to be used to repay existing senior debt in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $1,220,000 and for general working
capital purposes.

The
Initial Note is payable in 26 bi-weekly installments of $203,846.16 through the maturity date of March 4, 2026 in cash or shares of the Companys common stock (Common Stock), at the Companys election. The Notes will not accrue interest
(unless there is an event of default) and are subject to an exit fee of $150,000 upon maturity. Upon an event of default, the outstanding
principal amount will increase to 120% of the outstanding principal amount, plus interest thereon at the rate of 19% per annum. The Notes
will be convertible into shares of Common Stock by the Lender following an event of default.

The
conversion price of the Notes is the lower of (i) 85% of the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to
the applicable funding date and issuance of the Initial Note or Additional Note, or (ii) 85% of the average of the four lowest VWAP prices
for the 20 trading days prior to the applicable funding date. If the Lender or any other holder of the Notes elects to voluntarily convert
the Notes, the conversion price will be the lower of (a) 100% of the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately
prior to the applicable funding date and issuance of the Initial Note or Additional Note, or (b) 100% of the average of the four lowest
VWAP prices of the Common Stock for the 20 trading days prior to the applicable funding date. Upon an event of default, the conversion
price of the Notes will be 80% of the closing price of the Common Stock on the initial funding date. The Notes are subject to a limitation
that prohibits ownership of more than 19.9% our outstanding share capital at any time, without stockholder approval.

The
Loan Agreement requires the Lenders consent to take certain actions, such as incurring additional indebtedness other than permitted
indebtedness, a sale of securities except for exempt issuances, repaying indebtedness to affiliates, or incurring liens other than permitted
liens.

The
Notes will accelerate and become immediately due upon the occurrence of certain events of default set forth in the Notes, including failure
to pay amounts owing when due, certain types of proceedings involving insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership and the like, delinquency
in filing SEC reports, delisting from Nasdaq or a change of control.

Any
proceeds received by the Company from (i) any subsequent tax refunds, judgments, litigation settlements, indemnity payments or other
extraordinary receipts or (ii) any subsequent equity financing will be required to be used to prepay the Notes.

Each
of the Companys subsidiaries agreed to guarantee the payment of the Notes and the performance of the Company of its covenants
and agreements set forth in the Loan Agreement pursuant to a subsidiaries guarantee (the Subsidiaries Guarantee), and the
Company and each of its subsidiaries agreed to pledge and grant to the Lender a lien over substantially all of their assets to secure
the Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantee pursuant to a pledge and security agreement (the Pledge Agreement), each to become
effective following an event of default under the Notes.

The
Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Lender that will require the Company to file a resale shelf registration
statement registering the resale of the conversion shares within 90 calendar days following the closing date.

The
foregoing summaries of the Initial Note, the Loan Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Subsidiaries Guarantee and the Registration Rights
Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the copies of the Initial Note, the Loan
Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Subsidiaries Guarantee and the Registration Rights Agreement that are filed herewith as Exhibits
4.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Loan Agreement and the Notes is incorporated herein
by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 3.02.

The
Initial Note, the Additional Note and any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Initial Note and, if issued, the Additional
Note were sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance on the
exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction not involving a public offering and Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act as sales to accredited investors and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state
laws.

Neither
this Current Report on Form 8-K nor the exhibits attached hereto is an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of
Common Stock or any other securities of the Company.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
March 19, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing its entry into the Loan Agreement and the issuance of the Initial Note.
A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Senior Secured Note dated March 14, 2025

10.1* Loan Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and between Phoenix Motor Inc. and J.J. Astor & Co.

10.2* Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and among Phoenix Motor Inc., the other Debtors named therein and J.J. Astor & Co.

10.3 Subsidiaries Guarantee, dated as of March 14, 2025, by the Guarantors named therein in favor of J.J. Astor & Co.

10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025, by and between Phoenix Motor Inc. and J.J. Astor & Co.

99.1 Press Release dated March 19, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Schedules
and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any
of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
March 20,2025 PHOENIX
MOTOR INC.

By: /s/
Xiaofeng Denton Peng

Name: Xiaofeng
Denton Peng

Title: Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

Senior
Secured Note

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THIS SECURITY.

Original
Issue Date: March 14, 2025 Funding
Amount $4,000,000

Final
Maturity Date: March 4, 2026 Original
Principal Amount: $5,300,000

PHOENIX
MOTOR INC.

SENIOR
SECURED NOTE

THIS
SENIOR SECURED NOTE is a duly authorized and validly issued promissory note of Phoenix Motor Inc. a Delaware corporation (the
Company), designated as its senior secured note (the Note).

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to J.J. Astor & Co., (the Lender) or any other subsequent holder
of this Note (together with the Lender, the Holder), the Original Principal Amount of this Note as set forth above
(the Original Principal Amount) in twenty-six (26) installments of $203,846.16 each, payable every other week (the
Bi-Weekly Installments) commencing on March 19, 2025 and thereafter on Wednesday of every other week until the Final
Maturity Date as set forth above, or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder (as the
case may be, the Maturity Date). This Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section
1.Definitions. This is the Initial Note, as defined in the Loan Agreement. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms
defined elsewhere in this Note: (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement,
and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w)
of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt,
relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that
is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or
bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary
thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or
stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging
a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that
it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure
to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action
for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Business
Day shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Change
of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of: (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an
individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50%
of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of Note), (b) the Company or its significant Subsidiaries
merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company or its significant Subsidiaries
and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50%
of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction or less than 50% of the equity of its significant
Subsidiaries, (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets or the assets of its Subsidiaries to another
Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the
acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half
of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors
on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination
to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or
(e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events
set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Common
Stock and Common Stock Equivalents shall have the meanings as those terms are defined in the Loan Agreement.

Contingent
Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party any obligation of such Loan Party guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any
Indebtedness (primary obligations) of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly
or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit
in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Loan Party of the obligation
of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other
party or parties to an agreement, and (c) any obligation of such Loan Party, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary
obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or
payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain
the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose
of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation
or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however,
that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business.
The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation
with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person
may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum
reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Loan Party is required to perform thereunder), as determined by
such Loan Party in good faith.

2

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Conversion
Procedures shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Conversion
Shares shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Default
Amount means, with respect to the Note, the sum of: (1) the amount obtained by multiplying (x) the Outstanding
Principal Amount of this Note by (y) 120% (the Default Principal Amount), plus (2) default interest
on such Default Principal Amount at the rate of 19% per annum, compounded monthly, and all other amounts, costs, expenses, and liquidated
damages due under or in respect of this Note, if any.

Equity
Receipts shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Event
of Default Conversion Price shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Existing
Senior Debt and Existing Senior Lenders shall have the meanings as those terms are defined in the Loan
Agreement.

Existing
Senior Loan Agreements shall mean any loan or credit agreement and related senior secured promissory note entered into by
the Company with one or more of the Existing Senior Lender and evidencing Existing Senior Debt.

Extraordinary
Receipts shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of
such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables and accrued expenses or other accounts
payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Persons business); (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made; (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations
and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property
used and/or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and/or lender thereunder may be limited
to repossession or sale of such property, (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; (f) all obligations and liabilities,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities other than obligations and
liabilities that are cash collateralized on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders; (g) all net obligations and liabilities,
calculated on a basis reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements;
(h) all monetary obligations under any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar
transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership/operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar
financing; (i) all Contingent Obligations; (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests; and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a)
through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent
or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for
the payment of such Indebtedness, provided, however that if recourse in respect of any Indebtedness of the foregoing is limited
to specific assets, then such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (x) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness
and (y) the fair market value of the asset encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith; provided further, that
Indebtedness shall not include (i) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the
purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranties or other unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset, (ii) endorsements of checks
or drafts arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) preferred Equity Interests to the extent not constituting Disqualified Equity
Interests and (iv) any earnout or similar purchase price obligation until such obligation is required to be reflected on the balance
sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or
joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, so long as, in the case of a joint venture, such Indebtedness
is recourse to any Loan Party. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness shall exclude operating leases.

3

Lender
Conversion Notice shall mean a written notice to be provided by the Lender to the Company (which may be by electronic mail)
pursuant to which the Lender elects to convert or or any portion of the Outstanding Principal Amount of this Note into Conversion Shares
at the applicable Conversion Price; provided, that such Conversion Notice shall be subject to the Conversion Procedures specified in
the Loan Agreement.

Loan
Agreement means the Loan Agreement, dated as of March14,
2025 by and among the Company and the Lender, as the original Holder of the Note, as amended, modified, or supplemented from time
to time in accordance with its terms.

Lock
Box Agreement shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Maturity
Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default, or (b) March 4, 2026.

Maximum
Conversion Shares shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Minimum
Installment Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of this Note, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the
number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note.

Original
Principal Amount means $4,000,000 as set forth on the first page of this Note

Outstanding
Principal Amount means at any point in time the Original Principal Amount less all Minimum Installment Payments made or any
prepayment(s) of this Note, if any.

Payment
Amount means, at any point in time with respect to the Note at any time, the sum of: (a) the Original Principal Amount
of this Note or the Default Amount (as applicable), at such time, less (b) all Minimum Installment Payments and any prepayments
previously made, if any, plus (c) all other amounts, costs, expenses, and liquidated damages due under or in respect of this Note.

Payment
Notice means the written notice (which may be by electronic mail) to be provided by the Company to the Lender as of the Original
Issue Date and as subsequently issued by the Company pursuant to which the Company shall specify the manner and the amount of the Outstanding
Principal Amount of this Note in which the Company intends to make Weekly Installment Payments, whether in cash or by issuance of immediately
salable Payment Shares which have been registered for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or
are otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; provided, that such Payment Notice shall be subject to
the Conversion Procedures specified in the Loan Agreement.

4

Payment
Shares shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Principal
Amount means, with respect to the Note at any time, the then Outstanding Principal Amount of such Note; provided that
from and after the occurrence of an Event of Default the Principal Amount shall be the Default Amount.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Scheduled
Payment Date means, on Wednesday of each week from and after the Original Issue Date, commencing with March 19, 2025 and continuing
in Bi-Weekly Installments on Wednesday of every second week thereafter for twenty-five (25) weeks during the year ending March 4, 2026.

Trading
Market has the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Transfer
Agent Instructions has the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Utah
Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Section
2. Payment, Prepayment; Interest.

(a)
On each Scheduled Payment Date, the Company shall make
Bi-Weekly Installment payments of the Outstanding Principal Amount under this Note in an amount of not less than $203,846.16 (each a
Minimum Installment Payment) until the entire Payment Amount (or, if an Event of Default shall have previously occurred,
the entire Default Amount) shall have been paid in full. On the Maturity Date, the entire then Outstanding Payment Amount (or, if an
Event of Default shall have previously occurred, the entire Default Amount) shall become immediately due and payable.

(b)
The Company may make Minimum Installment Payments of
the Outstanding Principal Amount under this Note either in cash or at the option of the Company in the form of Payment Shares at the
applicable Conversion Price and Conversion Price Formula then in effect; provided that, (i) such Payment Shares shall have been fully
registered under the Securities Act and are immediately salable by Lender, (ii) the Company shall give the Lender a Payment Notice on
the Original Issue Date and from time to time thereafter on not less than ten (10) Business Days advance notice (which may be by electronic
mail) to Lender (the Payment Notice) of its intention to make all or any portion of the Minimum Installment payments
under this Note in the form of Payment Shares, and (iii) the Lender may elect to accept only Conversion Shares as payment of all or any
portion of the Minimum Installment payments under this Note by giving the Company one (1) Business Days advance written notice (which
may be by electronic mail) of such intention (the Conversion Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, until such
time as all Payment Shares and Conversion Shares up to the Maximum Conversion Shares have been registered for resale pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement and are immediately salable, the Company shall pay all Minimum Installment Payments in cash. All Payment
Shares and Conversion Shares (as applicable) shall be delivered to the transfer agent of the Company within one (1) Business Day following
receipt of a Company Payment Notice or a Lender Conversion Notice.

5

(c)
This Note shall be immediately payable in full upon
a Change of Control Transaction.

(d)
The Outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, plus
accrued interest hereon shall be subject to mandatory prepayment to the extent of (i) any Extraordinary Receipts or (ii) any Equity Receipts
received by the Company from consummation of a the sale of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, whether pursuant to a resale registration
statement or upon a financing in any investment bank shall act as underwriter or placement agent (each a Mandatory Prepayment).
Any such Mandatory Prepayment shall be applied to the Bi-Weekly Installments of the $203,846.16 Minimum Installment Payments in the order
of last maturing Indebtedness.

(e)
From and after the occurrence of an Event of Default,
the Outstanding Principal Amount of this Note shall increase to the Default Amount and this Note shall bear interest accruing at nineteen
percent (19%) per annum, calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily
until payment in full of the Default Amount.

Section
3. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a)
Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable
for an equal aggregate Principal Amount of Note of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering
the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b)
Investment Representations. This Note has been
issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Loan Agreement and may be transferred or
exchanged only in compliance with the Loan Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

(c)
Reliance on Note Register. Prior to due presentment
for transfer to the Company of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly
registered on the official Note register of the Company as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and
for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to
the contrary.

Section
4. Covenants. As long as any portion of this Note remains outstanding, unless the Lender shall have otherwise given prior
written consent, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (if any) to, directly or indirectly:

(a)
violate any of the affirmative or negative covenants
set forth in the Loan Agreement or other Transaction Documents;

(b)
amend its charter documents, including, without limitation,
its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of holders of Note;

6

(c)
amend, restate or otherwise modify any of the existing terms of any outstanding Indebtedness, including the Senior Debt (other
than Indebtedness to the Lender) whether or not set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule;

(d)
issue, repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase
or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except to the extent that they are expressly permitted under
the Loan Agreement;

(e)
incur, repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase
or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness owed to the Lender and other Permitted Indebtedness or as otherwise expressly
permitted under the Loan Agreement;

(f)
grant or suffer to exist any Liens on its property or
assets, other than Liens encumbering Indebtedness owed to the Lender and other Permitted Liens;

(g)
pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities
of the Company;

(h)
enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the
Company, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

(i)
enter into any agreement or commitment with respect
to any of the foregoing.

Section
5. Events of Default.

(a)
Event of Default means, wherever
used herein, the occurrence of any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary
or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation
of any administrative or governmental body):

(i)
any default in the payment of any Principal Amount,
or Default Amount (as applicable) as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Scheduled Payment Date, the Maturity
Date, by Mandatory Prepayment, acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of required payment of the Minimum Bi- Weekly
Installment on any Scheduled Payment Date, is not fully cured within three (3) Business Days (the Grace Period);

(ii)
by a date which shall be not more than thirty (30) days
from the Initial Funding Date, the Loan Parties and the Loan Parties Bank shall, for any reason or no reason, fail or refuse to deliver
the Lock Box Agreement to the Lender in substantially the form of the Exhibit attached to the Loan Agreement;

(iii)
by a date which shall be not more than fourteen (14)
days from the Initial Funding Date, the final amount of the Existing Senior Debt owed to the Existing Senior Lenders (not to exceed approximately
$1,220,000 plus accrued interest thereon) shall not have been paid in full;

(iv)
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other
covenant or agreement contained in the Loan Agreement or this Note, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier
to occur of (A) two (2) Business Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other holder of Note to the Company and
(B) five (5) Business Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure; and, for the avoidance of doubt,
shall include the Companys failure or refusal to promptly call a shareholders meeting within the time specified in the Loan Agreement
and use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Shareholder Approval shall constitute an Event of Default under this Note;

7

(v)
a default or event of default (subject to any grace
or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents,
or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered
by clause (vi) below);

(vi)
any representation or warranty made in this Note, any
other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate
made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made;

(vii)
the Company shall breach or violate in any respect the
provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Warrant or the Transfer Agent Instructions;

(viii)
the Company shall violate any of the provisions of Section
4.05 of the Loan Agreement;

(ix)
the Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a
Bankruptcy Event;

(x)
the Company shall default on any of its obligations
under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, capital lease, factoring agreement or other instrument under
which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any Indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any
long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater than $100,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists
or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such Indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which
it would otherwise become due and payable;

(xi)
a final non-appealable judgment by any competent court
for the payment of money in an amount of at least $100,000 is rendered against the Company, and the same remains undischarged and unpaid
for a period of 45 days during which execution of such judgment is not effectively stayed;

(xii)
the Company shall be delinquent in the filing of any
of its SEC Reports, including its Form 8-K, interim reports or Form 10-Q quarterly report or Form 10-K annual financial reports required
to be filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act (beyond any period of grace granted by the Commission with respect thereto); or

(xiii)
the Common Stock shall have ceased to be listed or quoted
on Nasdaq, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE:Amex Exchange.

(b)
Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event
of Default occurs and is continuing, this Note shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in the Default
Amount, and the Holder shall have the right, to convert all or any portion of this Note into Conversion Shares at the applicable Conversion
Price up to the Maximum Conversion Shares or such number of Conversion Shares based on the then Default Amount of this Note, and shall
be entitled to exercise its rights and remedies in connection therewith under the other Transaction Documents, including exercising the
Default Warrant and enforcing its rights under the Subsidiary Guarantee and Security Agreement. Upon the conversion in full of the Default
Amount in accordance with the terms of this Note or full exercise of the Default Warrant, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note
and/or the Default Warrant to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration or exercise described herein, the Holder
need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately
and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available
to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the
Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this section
5(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

8

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications
or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth on in the Loan Agreement, or such
other, email address, or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this
Section 6(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and
delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each
Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile
number or email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set
forth in the Loan Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of: (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment
to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on any date, (ii) the next Business
Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment
to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (Eastern
time) on any Business Day, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

(b)
Absolute Obligation, Security and Ranking. Except
as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional,
to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the
coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of the Company and is secured by and under the Subsidiary
Guarantee and Security Agreement. This Note is a senior and direct debt obligation of the Company, and ranks (i) pari passu with
all other Note (if any) now or hereafter issued under the terms of the Loan Agreement, and (ii) senior to all other evidence of Indebtedness
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(c)
Lost or Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be
mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of
a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for the Principal Amount of this
Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Note, and
of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

9

(d)
Arbitration of Disputes. In the event and to the extent that a claim or dispute arises out
of, or in relation to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including without limitation, the terms, construction, interpretation,
performance, termination, breach, or enforceability of this Agreement or such Transaction Document(s), the Parties hereby each agree
that the claim or dispute shall be, at the election of any Party within thirty (30) days after the claim or dispute arises, resolved
by mandatory binding arbitration in Utah, except that Lender may, at its election, maintain any action for equitable relief in the Third
Judicial District, Salt Lake County, Utah, including seeking the appointment of a receiver, judicial foreclosure, an accounting of Collateral,
restraining orders or injunctions or other equitable relief without a right to compel arbitration by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor.
To the extent that an arbitration occurs, the Parties agree that the arbitration shall be administered by JAMS and the arbitration shall
be conducted in accordance with the Expedited Procedures of the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures except as otherwise
agreed in this Agreement. The arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with the procedures of JAMS, and shall base the award on applicable
Utah law, and in connection therewith each of the Loan Parties hereby expressly waive any right to seek an exemption from Utah law based
on any public policies or principles of any other State. The Parties agree that the arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator.
Judgment on the award may be entered in any federal or state court in the State of Utah and in the federal courts of any other State.
The Parties further agree that the costs of the arbitration shall be divided equally between the Company and the Lender until a prevailing
Party is determined, at which time the non- prevailing Party shall be charged the prevailing Partys share of the arbitration fees.
Each Party may pursue arbitration solely in an individual capacity, and not as a representative or class member in any purported class
or representative proceeding. The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one Persons claims and may not otherwise preside over
any form of a representative or class proceeding. This arbitration section is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 
1-16.

(e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Utah, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings
concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether
brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the County of Salt Lake, Utah (the Utah Courts). Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Utah Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any
of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Utah Courts, or such Utah Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such
proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, Action
or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and
all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If
any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such Action or
Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

10

(f)
Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder
of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or
of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict
adherence to that term or any other term of this Note on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

(g)
Severability. If any provision of this Note is
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person
or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest
or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder
shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent
that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or
advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion
of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which
may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives
all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution
of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

(h)
Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches
and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under
this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive
relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company
to comply with the terms of this Note. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument
other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and
the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject
to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore
agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies,
to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is reasonably
requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

(i)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other
obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(j)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for
convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section
7. Amendments; Waivers. Any modifications, amendments or waivers of the provisions hereof shall be subject to Section 5.05
of the Loan Agreement.

Balance
of this page left blank signature page follows

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Senior Secured Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date
and year first above indicated.

PHOENIX
MOTOR INC. 

By: /s/
Xiaofeng Denton Peng

Name: Xiaofeng
Denton Peng

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Execution
Copy

LOAN
AGREEMENT

This
Loan Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 14, 2025 (the Agreement Date) and is made
and entered into between Phoenix Motor Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and J.J. Astor
& Co., a Utah corporation (including its successors and assigns, the Lender).

WHEREAS, the
Company wishes to borrow the sum of up to $6,000,000 in two tranches of $4,000,000 and $2,000,000 (the
Loans), and the Company wishes to enter into this Agreement and the Exhibits hereto and issue to the Lender,
the $5,300,000 Original Issue Amount senior secured convertible promissory note in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto (the
Initial Note) and if the second tranche of $2,000,000 is requested by the Company and funded by the Lender, the
additional $2,650,000 Original Issue Amount senior secured convertible promissory note in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto
(the Additional Note and together with the Initial Note, the Notes); and

WHEREAS,
the Company and each of its Subsidiary have agreed to further perfect and secure the Lenders senior priority Lien on all of the
assets and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Security Agreement and Subsidiary Guarantees to be entered
into on the Initial Funding Date;

WHEREAS,
in consideration for the Loan and as an inducement to the Lender entering into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the
Company has agreed to issue the Warrant to the Lender on the Initial Funding Date; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Lender are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from securities registration requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), afforded by the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) and/or
Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Lender agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS

Section
1.01. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Notes (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth
in this Agreement.

$
means United States Dollars.

Acceleration
Event means the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes) beyond the applicable grace period,
if any, for cure.

Acceleration
Notice means a written notice from the Lender that it has elected to accelerate the Loans for payment after the occurrence
of an Acceleration Event.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.01(k).

Additional
Funding Date shall mean the date of funding of the Additional Loan by the Lender and the Companys issuance of the
Additional Note; which date shall be not earlier than sixty (60) days after the Initial Funding Date, and which Additional
Funding Date and Additional Loan shall be subject to the prior approval of the Lender.

Additional
Loan shall mean the $2,000,000 second tranche of the Loans.

Additional
Note shall have the meaning as defined in the Recitals.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
Date shall have the meaning as defined in the Recitals.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or Subsidiary Guarantor of the Company, as the context may require
or permit.

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which
banking institutions in the State of Utah are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. If the last or appointed
day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action
may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

Closing
means the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.01.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.00004 per share, of the Company and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed; it being understood that there are currently approximately 45,979,404 shares of
Common Stock outstanding, and a market capitalization of the Company of approximately $18,391,761.

Common
Stock Equivalent means any convertible note, convertible preferred stock containing such payment terms or rights, privileges
and designations that are approved in writing in advance by the Lender, or warrant, option or other right to receive or subscribe for
or purchase any additional shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalent.

Company
Disclosure Schedule means the disclosure schedule submitted by the Company to the Lender as exceptions to or disclosures in
respect of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement.

Conversion
Notice shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Notes.

Conversion
Price means, in the event that the Company elects to pay all or any portion of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Initial
Note or the Additional Note in Conversion Shares, a price equal to a fifteen percent (15%) discount to the lower of (a)
the closing price of the Common Stock as traded on either the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select
Market (collectively, Nasdaq), or the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE Amex Exchange (as applicable) on the trading
day immediately prior to the applicable Funding Date and issuance of the Initial Note or Additional Note, or (b) the average of the four
lowest VWAPS over the twenty (20) trading days prior to the applicable Funding Date (the Conversion Price Formula);
provided, however, that:

2

(i)
if the Lender or other Holder of the Notes elects to voluntarily convert all or any portion of Initial Note or the Additional
Note into Conversion Shares, the Conversion Price Formula shall be a price equal the lower of (a) 100% of the closing
price of the Common Stock as traded on either the Nasdaq, or the New York Stock Exchange or the NYSE Amex Exchange (as applicable)
on the trading day immediately prior to the applicable Funding Date and issuance of the Initial Note or Additional Note, or (b) 100%
of the average of the four lowest VWAPS over the twenty (20) trading days prior to the applicable Funding Date

(ii)
so long as the Trading Market is Nasdaq, the Conversion Price and the Conversion Price Formula shall be subject to Nasdaq Rule 5635(d),

(iii)
in the event that the Company issues any securities, including convertible notes or debentures, Common Stock or other Common Stock Equivalents
at a conversion price, exercise price or per share price that is less than such Conversion Price Formula, the Conversion Price shall
be reduced to the lowest conversion price, exercise price or per share price issued by the Company and the Maximum Conversion Shares
shall subject to appropriate increase as a result thereof, and

(iv)
in the event that, as a result of the application of Nasdaq Rule 5635(d), the Conversion Price then in effect shall be greater
than the closing price of the Common Stock as traded on Nasdaq or other applicable Trading Market at the time of any one or more
weekly installment conversions of either of the Notes (the Closing Price), the Company shall issue to the Lender
additional immediately salable Conversion Shares so that the total number of Conversion Shares shall be based on the Closing Price (the
Make Whole Shares). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Price based on the Conversion Price Formula shall
be $3.00 per share and the Lender shall convert any weekly installment or the Note into 20,000 Conversion Shares when the four lowest
VWAP of Company Common Stock, as traded on the applicable Trading Market during the twenty(20) trading days immediately prior the date
of notice of conversion is given by Lender is $2.00 per share, the Company shall issue to Lender an additional 10,000 immediately salable
Conversion Shares as Make Whole Shares. Accordingly, the aggregate number of Conversion Shares subject to the adjusted Conversion Price
shall be subject to increase based on the issuance of additional Make Whole Shares.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event of acceleration of either or both of the Notes, as a result of the occurrence and during the continuation
of an uncured Event of Default the Conversion Price shall adjusted to be 20% of the closing price of the Company Common Stock on the
Initial Funding Date (the Event of Default Conversion Price). In addition, in the event that the Event of Default
Conversion Price shall be greater than the closing price of the Common Stock as traded on Nasdaq or other applicable Trading
Market on the date that the Lender shall send the Company a notice of such Event of Default (the Closing Price),
the Company shall issue to the Lender additional immediately salable Make Whole Shares so that the total number of Conversion Shares
shall be based on the Closing Price.

Conversion
Procedures notwithstanding the right of the Lender to elect at any time to convert all or any part of the then Outstanding
Principal Amount of the Notes into Conversion Shares, including the Maximum Conversion Shares, the Company shall have the right to pay
in cash all or any portion of the entire then Outstanding Principal Amount of all Notes (each a Company Cash Payment)
prior to receipt of the Lenders notice of its election to convert the Notes (each a Lender Conversion Notice)
and prior to any such conversion; provided, however, if the Lender shall issue to the Company a Lender Conversion Notice
prior to any Company election to make a Company Cash Payment, the Company will honor such Lender Conversion Notice and not make the applicable
Company Cash Payment to enable the Lender to effect a conversion into Conversion Shares at the applicable Conversion Price. The Lender
Conversion Notice may be given by electronic mail and the Company will deliver Conversion Shares to its transfer agent within one (1)
Business Day following receipt of the Lender Conversion Notice.

3

Conversion
Shares shall mean the shares of Common Stock of the Company issuable upon any full or partial permitted conversion of the
Note and shall include the Make Whole Shares.

Covenant
Compliance Guarantee means the limited guarantee agreement executed by Xiaofeng Denton Peng, the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, in the form of Exhibit G attached hereto.

Equity
Interests means Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, as applicable.

Equity
Investment means any joint venture, partnership or other direct or indirect investments of the Loan Parties in Equity
Interests.

Equity
Receipts means the aggregate amount of cash received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in consideration for
any issuance or sale by the Company or such Subsidiary on or after the Effective Date of (a) any of its Equity Interests or (b) any other
security or instrument representing Equity Interests (or the right to obtain any Equity Interests) in such Person.

Exempt
Issuance means: (i) the issuance by the Company of the Notes, Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares, (ii) the issuance
by the Company of Common Stock upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of any security outstanding on the date hereof as disclosed
in the SEC Reports or the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) the issuance by the Company of any Common Stock or standard options to purchase
Common Stock to directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiary in their capacity as such pursuant to
an employee benefit plan which has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the date hereof pursuant to which
Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock may be issued to any employee, officer, director or consultant for services
provided to the Company or its subsidiaries in their capacity as such, (iv) securities issued in connection with any joint venture, commercial
or collaborative relationship, or the acquisition or license by the Company of the securities, businesses, property or other assets of
another person, provided that such issuance is approved in advance and in writing by the Lender and also approved by the majority of
the disinterested directors of the Company; (v) issuances of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of rights issued pursuant
to any shareholder rights agreement entered into between the Company and the Companys transfer agent. For the avoidance of doubt,
the term Exempt Issuance does not mean or include the issuance of any other Indebtedness or debt securities or any other
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents by the Company or the Subsidiary, unless otherwise approved and consented to in writing in advance
by the Lender.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Existing
Senior Debt means the approximate $1,220,000 aggregate principal amount of senior secured convertible notes issued by the
Company to the Existing Senior Lenders that is currently issued and outstanding, plus accrued interest thereon.

Existing
Senior Lenders means the collective reference to Dynasty Capital 26 LLC, and Agile Capital Funding LLC.

Exit
Fee On the Maturity Date of the Notes, the Company shall pay to the Lender an additional fee equal to $150,000 (the Exit
Fee) which shall be paid by the Company in cash, on the Maturity Date).

Extraordinary
Receipts means the aggregate amount of cash received by Company from any tax refunds, judgments, litigation settlements,
indemnity payments, or other extraordinary receipts received on or after the Initial Funding Date.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

4

Flow
of Funds Agreement means the agreement between the Company and the Lender in the form of Exhibit E annexed hereto.

Funding
Amount means, with respect to each of the Notes, ninety-six percent (96%) of the amount of each of the Loans and includes
a $160,000 Origination Fee due from the Company to the Lender in connection with the Initial Loan and an $80,000 Origination Fee due
from the Company to the Lender in connection with the Additional Loan, in each case representing four percent (4%) of the Initial Loan
and Additional Loan, which shall be retained by the Lender at Closing for its own account and with respect to the Initial Loan, after
deduction of legal fees payable to Lenders counsel, and retirement of 100% of the Existing Senior Debt all as set forth in the
Flow of Funds Agreement.

Funding
Date shall mean collectively the Initial Funding Date and the Additional Funding Date, as applicable.

Funding
Request shall mean the written request of the Company to the Lender to make the Initial Loan or the Additional Loan which
shall be provided to the Lender not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Initial Funding Date or the Additional Funding Date,
as applicable.

knowledge
of the Company and similar statements refer to the actual knowledge of any executive officer of the Company after due inquiry
of those persons employed by the Company or any Subsidiary charged with administrative or operational responsibility for such matter.

Grace
Period has the meaning as that term is defined in the Notes.

Indebtedness
has the meaning as that term is defined in the Notes.

Initial
Funding Date means the Business Day when all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties thereto, and conditions precedent to: (i) the Lenders obligations to fund the Initial Loan, retire the Existing Senior
Debt, pay professional fees and provide working capital to the Company all as provided in the Flow of Funds Agreement, and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Initial Note and the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied or waived.

Initial
Funding Amount shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Flow of Funds Agreement.

Initial
Note shall have the meaning as defined in the Recitals.

Insolvency
Proceeding means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for
the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of any Persons
creditors generally or any substantial portion of such Persons creditors, in each case undertaken under U.S. federal, state or
foreign law.

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.01(o).

Liens
shall mean a lien, charge, security interest, mortgage, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction or
adverse claim of a third party against property.

Lock
Box Agreement shall mean the agreement in the form of Exhibit F annexed hereto or such other form of deposit
account control agreement or blocked account agreement as shall be mutually acceptable to the Loan Parties, the Lender and East West
Bank (the Loan Parties Bank) which shall be entered into by the Loan Parties, the Loan Parties Bank and the
Lender within 30 days from the Initial Funding Date, pursuant to which each of the Loan Parties shall direct deposits of any
kind, including collections of all accounts receivable to be deposited in a lock box account to be maintained by the Loan Parties
and the Loan Parties Bank and in which the Lender shall have access and control over such Lock Box Account if an Event of Default
under either of the Notes shall occur and be continuing.

5

Loans
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.01(a) with respect to the Initial Loan and in Section 2.01(b) with respect
to the Additional Loan.

Loan
Parties shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.01.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.01(a) and Section 3.01(b).

Maximum
Conversion Shares means, after acceleration for payment of the Notes following the occurrence of any Event of Default (as
defined in the Notes) which shall not be timely cured by the Loan Parties and the Outstanding Principal Amount of each of the Notes shall
automatically increase by 110% (a maximum of $5,830,000 for the Initial Note and a maximum of $2,915,000 for the Additional Note), shall
commence to accrue interest on such Outstanding Principal amount at the rate of 19% per annum, and upon the request of the Lender, all
or any portion of such increased Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes plus accrued interest thereon may be converted by the Lender
into that number of shares of Company Common Stock as shall be determined by (a) dividing 200% of the then increased Outstanding Principal
Amount of the Notes and accrued interest thereon by (b) the Event of Default Conversion Price then in effect; provided that,
(i) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock of the Company that may be issued pursuant to any such permitted conversion of the Notes
(calculated on a fully-diluted basis) shall not be greater than 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company then issued
and outstanding (calculated on a non-diluted basis) unless Stockholder Approval has been obtained, and (ii) if prior to the Company obtaining
Stockholder Approval, the Lender converts all or any portion of the Notes into 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company
then issued and outstanding (calculated on a non- diluted basis) all payments of the then Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes
shall be paid in cash until such time as Stockholder Approval has been obtained.

net
proceeds means the aggregate cash proceeds received by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the applicable transaction,
net of the direct costs relating to transaction, including, without limitation, legal, accounting, consulting, printing and investment
banking fees, sales commissions and underwriters discounts, and taxes paid or payable as a result of the transaction.

Notes
has the meaning as defined in the Recitals

Obligations:
(a) the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and interest accruing after
the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding relating to any Loan Party, whether or not
a claim for post- filing or post-petition interest is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) the Loans and all other obligations and
liabilities (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency,
reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Loan Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed
or allowable in such proceeding) of the Loan Parties to the Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become
due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document
or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement
obligations, payment obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges
and disbursements of counsel to the Lender that are required to be paid by any Loan party pursuant any Loan Document or otherwise. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations shall not include (x) any obligations arising under any warrants or other equity instruments
issued by any Loan Party to the Lender.

6

Original
Principal Amount shall have the meaning as that term is defined in each of the Notes.

Origination
Fee shall mean the sum of $160,000 due from the Company to the Lender in connection with the Initial Loan and the sum of $80,000
due from the Company to the Lender in connection with the Additional Loan, and retained by the Lender pursuant to the Funds Flow Agreement.

Outstanding
Principal Amount shall have the meaning as that term is defined in each of the Notes.

Payment
Notice shall have the meaning as that term is defined in the Notes.

Payment
Shares means shares of Common Stock issued by the Company to the Lender from time to time in full or partial payment of the
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes; provided that the issuance of Payment Shares shall be subject to the Conversion Procedures.

Permitted
Indebtedness means (a) the Companys Indebtedness to the Lender; (b) Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and
disclosed in the SEC Reports; (c) unsecured Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business; (d) Indebtedness
junior in priority to the Companys Indebtedness to the Lender under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; and (e)
extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments and restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness (a) through (d) above, provided
that the principal amount thereof is not increased or the payment terms thereof are not modified to impose more burdensome terms upon
the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be;

Permitted
Liens means (i) pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure payment of workmens compensation,
or to participate in any fund in connection with workmens compensation, unemployment insurance, old-age pensions or other social
security programs, (ii) Liens of mechanics, materialmen, warehousemen, carriers, landlords or other nonconsensual restrictions imposed
by operation of law; (iii) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental or similar charges which have not been recorded/filed with the
applicable secretary of state and which are not delinquent or which are being diligently contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings
and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintain on the books of the Loan Parties, (iv) Liens arising solely by virtue of any
contractual or statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers liens, rights to set off or similar rights and remedies
as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution, (v) judgement liens that, to the extent not
released, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (vi) Liens consisting of zoning restrictions, easements
or other restrictions on the use of real property, none of which materially impairs the use of such property or the value thereof, and
none of which is violated in any material respect by existing or proposed structures or land use, (vii) customary anti-assignment provisions
in leases and other contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, (viii) Liens arising from the filing of precautionary
UCC financing statements relating solely to personal property leased pursuant to true operating leases entered into in
the ordinary course of business of the Company and their Subsidiaries, (ix) Liens in favor of the Lender, and (x) other Liens existing
as of the Initial Funding Date that are disclosed on Section 3.01(r) to the Company Disclosure Schedule.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or un-incorporated association, joint-venture, limited liability
company, joint-stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Recovery
Event means any settlement of or payment to any Loan Party in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or
any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of any Loan Party.

7

Registration
Rights Agreement shall mean the registration rights agreement in the form of Exhibit D hereto, under which the
Company shall register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Conversion Shares, the Maximum Conversion Shares (if issued) and
the Warrant Shares (collectively, the Registrable Securities); pursuant to which, inter alia, the Company shall
file a resale registration statement covering all of the Registrable Securities within ninety (90) days of the Initial Funding Date.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.01(d).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC
Reports has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.01(g).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Security
Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, in the form of Exhibit C attached
hereto.

State
Securities Laws means the securities (or blue sky) rules, regulations, or other similar laws of a particular
state.

Stockholders
Meeting shall have the meaning as defined in Section 4.05.

Subsidiaries
and Subsidiary Guarantors means the collective reference to Phoenix Cars, LLC, a [Delaware] limited liability company,
Phoenix Motorcars Leasing, LLC a [Delaware] limited liability company and Edison Future International Co., Ltd. a Hong Kong corporation,
being the only subsidiaries of the Company as set forth on Section 3.01(a) and listed in the Company Disclosure Schedule and shall, where
applicable, include any other direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Subsidiary
Guarantee the Subsidiary Guarantee executed by the Subsidiaries in the form of

Exhibit
B, attached hereto.

Trading
Market means, as applicable, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New
York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the OTC Markets (including OTCQX Market, OTCQB Market and Pink Market), any nationally recognized
successor to any of the foregoing, or any other United States or foreign securities exchange where the Companys Common Stock trades
on the date in question.

Transaction
Documents means the collective reference to (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) the Subsidiary Guarantee, (d) the Security
Agreement, (e) Covenant Compliance Agreement, (f) the Registration Rights Agreement, (g) the Transfer Agent Instructions, (h) the Lock
Box Agreement, (i) the Funds Flow Agreement. All other appendices, exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent Instructions means An Irrevocable Instruction letter addressed to Vstock Transfer, LLC., the Companys transfer
agent in the form of Exhibit H attached hereto, with respect to the Conversion Shares issuable upon any full or partial
conversion of the Notes and the Maximum Conversion Shares, to be executed by an authorized officer of the Company and acknowledged and
accepted by the transfer agent of the Companys Common Stock ARTICLE II.

8

THE
LOANS

Section
2.01 Initial Funding Date.

(a)
On the Initial Funding Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents to
be executed and delivered by the parties hereto and thereto, the Lender hereby agrees to make the Initial Loan of $4,000,000, less the
$160,000 Origination Fee and the Company hereby agrees to issue to the Lender the Initial Note in $5,300,000 Original Principal Amount,
and the Lender hereby agrees to accept from the Company the Initial Note.

(b)
On the Initial Funding Date, the Lender shall deliver to the Company and to the Existing Senior Lenders, via wire transfer, of immediately
available funds, an amount equal to approximately $3,790,000, representing the Initial Funding Amount set forth in the Flow of Funds
Agreement.

(c)
The Company, the Subsidiaries and the Loan Parties Bank shall deliver to the Lender such Initial Note and other Transaction Documents
to be delivered as of the Initial Funding Date and the Lender shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.02 deliverable at
the Closing.

(d)
Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.02 and 2.03, the Initial Funding shall occur at the offices of the Lenders
counsel, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree or may be closed remotely by electronic delivery of documents.

Section
2.02 Initial Funding Date Deliverables.

(a)
By Lender. On or prior to the Initial Funding Date, the Lender shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Lender;

(ii) the
Security Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C, duly executed by the Lender;

(iii) the
Initial Funding Amount, by wire transfer to the Company, the Existing Senior Lenders and Lenders legal counsel pursuant to
the wiring instructions to be provided and set forth in the Flow of Funds Agreement;

(iv) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Lender and in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto;

(v) the
Flow of Funds Agreement duly executed by the Lender and in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto; and

(vi) the
Transfer Agent Instructions duly executed by the Lender and in the form of Exhibit I attached hereto.

9

(b)
By the Company. On or prior to the Initial Funding Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lender:

(i) this
Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of behalf of the Company;

(ii) a
Initial Note, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A-1, registered in the name of the Lender, in the $5,300,000
Original Principal Amount calculated in accordance herewith, duly executed by an authorized officer on behalf of the Company;

(iii) the
Subsidiary Guarantee, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B, executed by an authorized officer on behalf
of the Subsidiaries of the Company;

(iv) the
Security Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C, executed by an authorized officer on behalf
of the Company and the Subsidiaries;

(v) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company and in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto;

(vi) the
Flow of Funds Agreement duly executed by the Company and in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto;

(vii) Covenant
Compliance Agreement in the form of Exhibit G duly executed by Xiaofeng Denton Peng, as CEO of the Company;

(viii) The
Transfer Agent Instructions in the form of Exhibit H attached hereto, duly executed by the Company and the Companys
transfer agent; and

(ix) an
officers certificate of the Company and the Subsidiary certifying its: (A) charter (or similar formation document); (B) good
standing certificate in its state of incorporation (or formation); (C) bylaws (or similar governing document); and (D) resolutions
of its Board of Directors (or similar governing body) approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
Documents to which it is (or is to be) a party.

(c)
On or before a date which shall be not later than thirty (30) days from the Initial Funding Date, the Loan Parties, the Loan Parties
Bank and the Lender shall execute and deliver the Lock Box Agreement.

Section
2.03 Initial Funding Date Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing are subject to the following conditions being met (it
being understood that the Company may waive any of the conditions for the Initial Funding hereafter):

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects on the Initial Funding Date of the Lenders representations and warranties contained herein;

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Lender required to be performed at or prior to the Initial Funding Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii) the
delivery by the Lender of the items set forth in Section 2.02(a) of this Agreement.

10

(b)
The obligations of the Lender hereunder in connection with the Initial Funding are subject to the following conditions being met (it
being understood that the Lender may waive any of the conditions for the Initial Funding hereafter):

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Initial Funding Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company and its Subsidiary required to be performed at or prior to the Funding Date
shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company and its Subsidiary of the items set forth in Section 2.02(b) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall be no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company or the Subsidiary of the Company since the date hereof; and

(c)
the Company and the Existing Senior Lenders shall furnish the Lender with the wiring instruction for the Initial Funding Amount.

Section
2.04 Additional Funding Date.

(a)
On the Additional Funding Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents
to be executed and delivered by the parties hereto and thereto, the Lender hereby agrees to make the Additional Loan of $2,000,000, less
the $80,000 Origination Fee and the Company hereby agrees to issue to the Lender the Additional Note in $2,650,000 Original Principal
Amount and the Lender hereby agrees to accept from the Company the Additional Note.

(b)
On the Initial Funding Date, the Lender shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, of immediately available funds, an amount equal
to $1,920,000, representing the Additional Funding Amount.

(c)
The Company and its Subsidiary shall deliver to the Lender such Additional Note and other Transaction Documents to be delivered as of
the Funding Date and the Lender shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.05 deliverable at the Closing.

(d)
Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.04 and 2.05, the Additional Funding shall occur at the offices of the Lenders
counsel, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree or may be closed remotely by electronic delivery of documents.

Section
2.05 Additional Funding Date Deliverables.

(a)
By Lender. On or prior to the Additional Funding Date, the Lender shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the $1,920,000
Additional Funding Amount, by wire transfer to the Company pursuant to the wiring instructions to be provided by the Company;

(b)
By the Company. On or prior to the Additional Funding Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lender;

11

(i)
this Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of behalf of the Company;

(ii)
the Additional Note, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A-2, registered in the name of the Lender, in the
$2,650,000 Original Principal Amount calculated in accordance herewith, duly executed by an authorized officer on behalf of the Company;

(iii)
confirmation to the Lender and the Transfer Agent that the Subsidiary Guarantee, the Security Agreement, the Warrant, the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Transfer Agent Instructions, the Covenant Compliance Agreement and the AGP Agreement remain in full force and effect
in accordance with their respective terms; and

(iv)
an officers certificate of the Company and the Subsidiary certifying its: (A) charter (or similar formation document); (B) good
standing certificate in its state of incorporation (or formation); (C) bylaws (or similar governing document); and (D) resolutions of
its Board of Directors (or similar governing body) approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
Documents to which it is (or is to be) a party.

Section
2.06 Additional Closing Conditions.

a.
the accuracy in all material respects on the Additional Funding Date of the Lenders representations and warranties contained
herein;

b.
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Lender required to be performed at or prior to the Additional Funding Date shall have
been performed; and

c.
the delivery by the Lender of the items set forth in Section 2.02(a) of this Agreement.

d.
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Additional Funding Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

e.
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company and its Subsidiary required to be performed at or prior to the Funding Date
shall have been performed;

f.
the delivery by the Company and its Subsidiary of the items set forth in Section 2.02(b) of this Agreement;

g.
there shall exist no Event of Default under the Initial Note;

h.
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company or the Subsidiary of the Company since the date hereof;
and

i.
the Company shall furnish the Lender with the wiring instruction for the Additional Funding Amount.

12

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section
3.01Representations and Warranties of the Company.

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Lender on behalf of the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries (together with theCompany, the Loan Parties) that, except as set forth in the applicable
Section of the Company Disclosure Schedule the Company Disclosure Schedule, the following representations are true and complete as of
the date of the date hereof.

(a)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and the Subsidiaries are each duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and
to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries is in violation or default of any of the provisions
of its certificates of incorporation or bylaws, each, as amended and in effect. A complete and correct copy of the Companys certificate
of incorporation and bylaws, with respect to the Company, or certificate of formation and LLC agreement, with respect to the Subsidiaries,
each as amended and in effect on the date of this Agreement and as they will be in effect on the Funding Date, is attached to the officers
certificate referenced in Section 2.02(b) and Section 2.04(b). There are no other organizational or charter documents of the Company
or the Subsidiaries. The Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result
in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document; (ii) a material adverse effect
on the results of operations, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole; or (iii)
a material adverse effect on the Companys or the Subsidiaries ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact,
condition or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) general economic or political conditions, (ii) conditions
generally affecting the industry in which the Company or the Subsidiaries operates, (iii) any changes in financial or securities markets
in general, (iv) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof, (v) any
pandemic, epidemics or human health crises (including COVID-19), (vi) any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules, (vii) the announcement,
pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or (viii) any action required or permitted by the
Transaction Documents or any action taken (or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the written request of the Lender.

(b)
Authorization; Enforcement. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter
into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and the
Subsidiaries and no further action is required by the Company, the Subsidiaries or the Board of Directors or stockholders thereof in
connection therewith (other than the Required Approvals). Each Transaction Document to which the Company or the Subsidiaries is a party
has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and the Subsidiaries and, when delivered in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company and the Subsidiaries enforceable against the
Company and the Subsidiaries in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies;
and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

13

(c)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company and the Subsidiaries of the Transaction Documents to which
it is (or is to be) a party and the consummation by the Company and of its Subsidiaries of the other transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or the Subsidiaries certificate
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice,
lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, agreement or other instrument (evidencing Indebtedness of the Company or the
Subsidiaries, or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or the Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or asset
of the Company or the Subsidiaries is bound or affected; or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company or the Subsidiaries is subject (including federal and State Securities Laws and regulations), or by which any property or
asset of the Company or the Subsidiaries is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company and its Subsidiaries are not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with their execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i)
such consents, waivers, or authorizations as have been obtained before the Closing; and (ii) the filing of Form D with the Commission
and such filings as are required to be made under applicable State Securities Laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(e)
Reservation of Common Stock. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock,
up to the sum of (i) the Warrant Shares to be issued at Closing under the Warrant, plus (ii) the Maximum Conversion Shares for issuance
to the Lender or its Affiliates in the event of the full permitted conversion of the Notes, and (iii) the Warrant Shares issuable under
the Default Warrant.

(f)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the most recent SEC Reports and as further modified in Section
3.01(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. The Company has no Indebtedness, except for the Senior Debt or as otherwise disclosed in
the most recent SEC Reports and in Section 3.01(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Since the date of the most recently filed SEC
Report, the Company has not issued any Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other equity interests (other than Exempt Issuances)
or (without duplication) pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date hereof. Except
in instances where valid waivers have been obtained, no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation,
or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports
and further modified in Section 3.01(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights
to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Common Stock or the capital stock
of the Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or the Subsidiaries is or may become
bound to issue additional Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of the Subsidiaries. The issuance and sale of the
Notes will not obligate the Company or the Subsidiaries to issue any securities to any Person (other than the Lender) and will not result
in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals and waivers that have
heretofore been obtained, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, Board of Directors or other Person(s) is required
for the issuance and sale of the Notes hereunder.

14

(g)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the
SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise
specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes
required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments.

(h)
Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has no liability, indebtedness, obligation, expense, claim, deficiency or guaranty of any
type, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, matured, unmatured or otherwise, required to be reflected in financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, which individually or in the aggregate: (A) has not been reflected in the latest balance sheet included in the financial statements
referenced hereinabove; or (B) has not arisen: (i) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, since the date
of the latest balance sheet included in such financial statements in an amount that does not exceed $50,000 in any one case or $100,000
in the aggregate, (ii) pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or other Transaction Document, or (c) are executory performance
obligations to be performed after the date hereof in the ordinary course of business pursuant to agreement(s) entered into in the ordinary
course of business, consistent with past practices. The Company is not in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(i)
Material Changes. Since the date of the latest financial statements made available to Lender prior to the date hereof, other than
as set forth in the SEC Reports: (A) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (i) trade
payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (ii) liabilities not required
to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP; (C) the Company has not altered their method of accounting;
(D) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed
or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock; and (E) the Company has not issued any equity securities
except in favor of an officer, director or consultant pursuant to an existing Company equity incentive plans.

(j)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets before or
by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively,
an Action) which: (A) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
Documents; or (ii) if there were an unfavorable decision, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the Company or any director or officer thereof is or has been the subject of anyAction involving:
(x) a claim of violation of or liability under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, FINRA rules or any State Securities Laws; (y) breach
of fiduciary duty; or (z) fraud (statutory or common law), embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion of property or rights, or any
other crime involving deceit.

15

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys
or the Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or its
Subsidiaries, and the Company and the Subsidiaries is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement. The Company believes that its
relationships with its employees are good. No executive officer, to the knowledge of the Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation
of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non- competition
agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of
each such executive officer does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. To the best of
the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment
and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Except as disclosed set forth in Section 3.01(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and the Subsidiaries:
(i) is neither in default under nor in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of
time or both, would result in a default by the Company or its Subsidiaries under), nor has the Company or the Subsidiaries received notice
of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived); (ii) is not in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body; and (iii) is not
and has not been in material violation of any statute, law, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws applicable to its business and all such laws that affect the environment, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possesses all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, except where the failure to possess such permits
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and the Company has
not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(n)
Title to Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and
marketable title in all personal property owned by it that, in each case, is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens disclosed in Section 3.01(n) of the Company Disclosure Schedule that do not
materially and adversely (x) affect the value of such property or (y) interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property
by the Company and its Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company or a Subsidiaries is held by it
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company or such Subsidiaries (as applicable) are in compliance except as
disclosed in Schedule 3.1(n) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

(o)
Patents and Trademarks. (i) The Company or a Subsidiaries thereof has, or has rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, software, websites, licenses and
other intellectual property rights and similar rights as necessary or material for use in connection with its business as presently
conducted (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights); (ii) the Company has not received written notice that
any of the Intellectual Property Rights violates or infringes upon the intellectual property rights of any other Person; (iii) all Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable by the Company or its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Company there is no existing infringement
by any other Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights, except where the failure to be so enforceable or for such infringements
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) the Company has taken
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of its Intellectual Property Rights, except where
failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

16

(p)
Transactions with Officers, Directors and Employees. None of the officers or directors of the Company or the Subsidiaries and,
to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or the Subsidiaries, is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors and related party notes as identified in the SEC Reports),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any such officer, director or employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any such officer, director or employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee,
member or partner, in each case other than for: (x) payment of salary or fees for services rendered; (y) reimbursement for expenses incurred
on behalf of the Company; and (z) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(q)
Indebtedness. Except for the Senior Debt issued to the Existing Senior Lenders, all Indebtedness owed by the Loan Parties to all
other Persons disclosed in the most recent SEC Reports and in Section 3.01(g) and Section 3.01(r) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
is unsecured.

(q)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Lenders representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.02, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Notes by the Company to the Lender as contemplated hereby.

(r)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Notes will
not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not be an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(s)
Maximum Conversion Shares. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized Common Stock up to the Maximum Conversion Shares
for issuance to the Lender or its Affiliates in the event of the full permitted conversion of any No

(t)
Registration Rights. Other than as described in the SEC Reports, as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and further
modified by Section 3.01(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Person has any right to demand the Company to file a registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the sale of any securities of the Company.

(u)
Disclosure. Except with respect to: (i) the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents; and (ii) information given to the Lender, if any, which the Company hereby confirms will not constitute material non-public
information, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Lender or their
agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, nonpublic information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Lender will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
All disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Lender regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated
hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(v)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Lenders representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.02,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Notes
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act.

(w)
Solvency. The Company will not, after the Funding Date, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts (including Permitted
Indebtedness) as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). Except
as disclosed in its SEC Reports (including the risk factors and qualified audit opinions disclosed therein), the Company has no knowledge
of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Funding Date.

17

(x)
Tax Status. Except as set forth in Section 3.01(w) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has filed all material federal,
state and foreign income and franchise tax returns and has paid or accrued all material taxes shown as due thereon, and the Company has
no knowledge of a material tax deficiency which has been asserted or threatened against the Company.

(y)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold the Notes by any
form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Notes for sale only to the Lender.

(z)
Insurance. As set forth in Section 3.01(y) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and the Subsidiaries is insured by
insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company reasonably
believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company is engaged. The Company has never been refused any insurance
coverage sought or applied for, and the Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew all existing insurance coverage
as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers.

(aa)
Acknowledgment Regarding Lenders Purchase of the Notes. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Lender is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that Lender is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by Lender or any of its representatives
or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Lenders
purchase of the Notes. The Company further represents to the Lender that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company
and its representatives.

(bb)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Notes to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506(b) under the Securities
Act (Regulation D Securities), none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director,
executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%)
or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that
term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer
Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications
described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification
Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is
subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e),
and has furnished to the Lender a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(cc)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities.

(dd)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Lender in writing, prior to the Funding Date of: (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person; and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any agent or other person acting on behalf
of the Company, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
related to foreign or domestic political activity; (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees
or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds; (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made
by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law; or (iv) violated
in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

18

(ff)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director or executive officer
of the Company is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department
(OFAC).

(gg) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Lenders
request.

(hh)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve).
Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding
shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ii)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects
with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving
the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(jj)
Representations. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, and the certificate(s) furnished
or to be furnished to the Lender at the Closing, when taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
under which they were made. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in section 3.02 shall not modify,
amend or affect Lenders right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this section 3.01 or
elsewhere in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document, or any other document
or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section
3.02 Representations and Warranties of the Lender.

The
Lender, for itself and for no other Person, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Funding Date to the Company
as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Authority; Organization. The Lender has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all obligations required
to be performed by it hereunder. The Lender is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization with full right, corporate or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carryout its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Lender of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate or similar action on the part of the Lender. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has
been duly executed by the Lender, and when delivered by the Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and
legally binding obligation of the Lender, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable
principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement
of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

19

(b)
Own Account. The Lender understands that the Notes, the Warrant and the Conversion Shares are restricted securities
and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable State Securities Law and is acquiring the Notes, the Warrant
and Conversion Shares as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such the Notes, the Warrant
or Conversion Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable State Securities Law, has no present intention
of distributing anyof such the Notes, the Warrant or Conversion Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable State Securities
Law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of
such the Notes (this representation and warranty not limiting the Lenders right to sell the Notes, the Warrant or Conversion Shares
in compliance with applicable federal and State Securities Laws) in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable State Securities
Law. The Lender is acquiring the Notes hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Non-Transferrable. The Lender agrees: (i) that the Lender will not sell, assign, pledge, give, transfer or otherwise dispose of
the Notes, the Warrant or Conversion Shares or any interest therein, or make any offer or attempt to do any of the foregoing, except
pursuant to a registration of the Notes, the Warrant and Conversion Shares under the Securities Act and all applicable State Securities
Laws, or in a transaction which is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act and all applicable State Securities
Laws, (ii) that the certificates representing the Notes will bear a legend making reference to the foregoing restrictions, and (iii)
that the Company and its Affiliates shall not be required to give effect to any purported transfer of such the Notes, the Warrant and
Conversion Shares except upon compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

(d)
Lender Status. The Lender is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D of the Securities
Act. The undersigned agrees to furnish any additional information requested by the Company or any of its Affiliates to assure compliance
with applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws in connection with the purchase and sale of the Notes. Any information that has
been furnished or that will be furnished by the undersigned to evidence its status as an accredited investor is accurate and complete,
and does not contain any misrepresentation or material omission.

(e)
Experience of The Lender. The Lender, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication, and
experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in
the Notes, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Lender is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Notes and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f)
No Trading Market. The Lender acknowledges that there is currently no trading market for the Notes and that none is expected to
develop for the Notes.

(g)
General Solicitation. The Lender acknowledges that neither the Company nor any other person offered to sell the Notes to it by
means of any form of general solicitation or advertising, including, but not limited to: (i) any advertisement, article, notice, or other
communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting
whose attendees were invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

(h)
Confidentiality. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and its advisors who have agreed to keep information confidential
or have a fiduciary obligation to keep such information confidential, the Lender has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures
made to it in connection with the transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

20

(i)
Foreign Lender. The Lender is a United States person and not a foreign Lender.

(j)
Information from Company. The Lender and its investment managers, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to obtain any information
necessary to verify the accuracy of any representations or information presented by the Company in this Agreement and have had all inquiries
to the Company answered, and have been furnished all requested materials, relating to the Company and the Offering and sale of the Notes
and anything set forth in the Transaction Documents. Neither the Lender nor the Lenders investment managers, if any, have been
furnished any offering literature by the Company or any of its Affiliates, associates, or agents other than the Transaction Documents,
and the agreements referenced therein.

(k)
Speculative Nature of Investment; Risk Factors. THE LENDER UNDERSTANDS THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE
OF RISK. The Lender acknowledges that: (i) any projections, forecasts or estimates as may have been provided to the Lender are purely
speculative and cannot be relied upon to indicate actual results that may be obtained through this investment; any such projections,
forecasts and estimates are based upon assumptions which are subject to change and which are beyond the control of the Company or its
management, (ii) the tax effects which may be expected by this investment are not susceptible to absolute prediction, and new developments
and rules of the Internal Revenue Service, audit adjustment, court decisions or legislative changes may have an adverse effect on one
or more of the tax consequences of this investment, and (iii) the Lender has been advised to consult with his own advisor regarding legal
matters and tax consequences involving this investment. The Lender represents that the Lenders investment objective is speculative
in that the Lender seeks the maximum total return through an investment in a broad spectrum of securities, which involves a higher degree
of risk than other investment styles and therefore the Lenders risk exposure is also speculative. The Notes offered hereby is
highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk and Lender should only purchase these securities if Lender can afford to lose its
entire investment.

(l)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Lender are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with the Money Laundering
Laws, and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Lender
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Lender, threatened.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in Section 3.02 shall not modify, amend or affect the Lenders
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warrantiescontained
in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or
the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby.

21

ARTICLE
IV

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

Section
4.01 Affirmative and Negative Covenants. Each of the Loan Parties hereby covenants and agrees that until all obligations owed
to the Lender shall have been paid in full, without the prior written approval of the Lender:

(a)
the Loan Parties shall not incur any Indebtedness, other than Permitted Indebtedness or as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement
(Additional Indebtedness), unless the net proceeds to the Company of such Additional Indebtedness shall be used
to prepay 100% of the then Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes (including any Default Amount and accrued interestthereon), or such
Additional Indebted shall be approved in advance by the Lender;

(b)
the Loan Parties shall not engage in the public or private sale of any securities, including convertible and non-convertible notes or
debentures, Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except for Exempt Issuances or as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement,
the Notes or other Transaction Documents, unless 100% of the then Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes (including any Default Amount
and accrued interest thereon), or such Additional Indebtedness shall be approved in advance by the Lender;

(c)
the Loan Parties shall not open any bank or other accounts for the deposit of funds from accounts receivable or other payments received
from third parties, including net proceeds of any public or private sale of any securities, including convertible and non-convertible
notes or debentures, Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, into any bank or other deposit accounts, other than the current bank accounts
maintained at the Lock Box Bank and listed in the Lock Box Agreement. A breach of this covenant shall constitute an Event of Default
under the Notes.

(d)
the Loan Parties shall use the net proceeds from any Recovery Amounts to reduce the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes;

(e)
no payments of Indebtedness shall be paid to any Affiliate, other than payments of deferred compensation to members of the board of directors
and employees of the Company;

(f)
the Loan Parties shall not permit any Person to have a Lien of any of the assets of any of the Loan Parties, except for Permitted Liens
(as defined in the Security Agreement);

(g)
the Loan Parties shall comply with all of the additional affirmative and negative covenants set forth in the Notes and the Security Agreement.

Section
4.02 Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Notes, Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection
with any transfer of the Notes, Warrant Shares or Conversion Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule
144, the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that
such transfer does not require registration of such transferred the Notes, Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares under the Securities
Act. As a condition of such sale or transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
shall have the rights of Lender under this Agreement.

(b)
The Lender agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.01, of a legend on any of the Notes, the Warrant Shares
and Conversion Shares in the following form:

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THIS SECURITY.

22

Section
4.03 Use of Proceeds; Restrictions on Certain Payments. The Company shall use the net proceeds hereunder for to pay in full all
Senior Debt owed to the Existing Senior Lenders and for general working capital purposes.

Section
4.04 Future Subsidiaries. Any direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company (or the Subsidiaries) formed or acquired after the
Funding Date and before the Notes shall have been repaid in full shall promptly thereafter execute and deliver (or otherwise join and
agreed to be bound as a Subsidiary of the Company under) the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement.

Section
4.05 Stockholders Meeting. Not later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of an Event of Default, in the event that the Notes
shall not have previously been paid in full, and in order to comply with applicable Nasdaq Rules, the Company shall hold a special meeting
of its stockholders (the Stockholders Meeting). In such connection, the Company shall (i)_include in any proxy or
information statement submitted to stockholders a statement that the board of directors of the Company recommends that the stockholders
vote IN FAVOR of adoption of resolutions approving in all respects this Agreement, all other Transaction Documents and all of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain approval of such resolutions by the holders of record
of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock or other voting securities of the Company on the record date set forth in such proxy or
information statement; (iii) cause all officers and directors of the Company to vote their shares of Common Stock in favor of the foregoing
resolutions and (iv) shall use it best efforts to obtain commitments from other holders of 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock
to vote their shares of Common Stock in favor of the foregoing resolutions.

Section
4.06 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale, or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any
security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Notes to the Lender in
a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the issuance and sale of the Notes to the Lender.

Section
4.07 Publicity. The Company and the Lender shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases and SEC Reports with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Lender shall issue any such press release or SEC Report
nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company with respect to any press release of the Lender,
or without the prior consent of the Lender with respect to any press release or SEC Report of the Company mentioning the Lender, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party
shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement, SEC Report or communication. The Company will publish
a press release announcing this transaction approved by the Lender within 4 Business Days following the Funding Date.

Section
4.08 Indemnification of Lender. The Company shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Lender and its partners, members,
shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar functions) (collectively,
Indemnitees) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses,
of any kind or nature, (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred
by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from: (i) any breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents and (ii) any action instituted
against such Indemnitee in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not
an Affiliate of such Indemnitee, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action
is based upon a breach of such Indemnitees representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements
or understandings such Indemnitee may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Indemnitee of state or federal securities
laws or any conduct by such Indemnitee which results from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined
by a final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction).

23

ARTICLE
V

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
5.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the Lender by written notice to the Company if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the 3rd Business Day after the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by both parties; provided
that such termination will not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by the other party.

Section
5.02 Fees and Expenses. The Company shall bear the expenses of the Company and the Lender incurred in connection with the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys
and consultants fees and expenses (including fees to Lenders counsel of $30,000), transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation
services, fees relating to any amendments or modifications of the Transaction Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the
Transaction Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents; provided, however, that the total aggregate amount of such expenses reimbursed by the Company shall not
exceed $30,000. When possible, the Company must pay these fees directly, including, but not limited to, any and all wire fees, otherwise
the Company must make immediate payment for reimbursement to the Lender for all fees and expenses immediately upon written notice by
the Lender or the submission of an invoice by the Lender. In addition, the Company shall pay the origination fee to the Lender as specified
hereinabove.

Section
5.03 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with
respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

Section
5.04 Notices. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be given hereunder by any party to the others shall be in
writing and delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by or email:

if
to Lender:

J.J.
Astor & Co.

26
S Rio Grande Street, #2072 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Attn: Michael Pope

Email:
michael.p@jjastor.com

with
a copy to:

Barton,
LLP

711
Third Avenue, 14th Floor

New York, New York 10017

Attn: Stephen A. Weiss, Esq.

Email: sweiss@bartonesq.com

if
to the Company:

Phoenix
Motor Inc.

1500
Lakeview Loop

Anaheim,
CA 92807

Attn:
Xiaofeng Denton Peng, CEO Email:

with
a copy to:

Mitchell
S. Nussbaum, Esq. David J. Levine, Esq.

Loeb
& Loeb LLP 345 Park Avenue New York, NY 10154 Tel: (212) 407-4000

Email:

or
to such other persons or addresses as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice as provided above.

24

Section
5.05 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented, or amended except in a written
instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Lender or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom
enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall bedeemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or awaiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right.

Section
5.06 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors
and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Lender (other than by merger). The Lender may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Lender
assigns or transfers the Notes, and/or participate any of such rights in connection with granting of any participation of the Notes,
provided that such transfer or participation complies with all applicable federal and State Securities Laws and that any such transferee
or participant agrees in writing by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Lender.

Section
5.07 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

Section
5.08 Arbitration and Governing Law.

(a)
Arbitration of Disputes. In the event and to the extent that a claim or dispute arises out of, or
in relation to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including without limitation, the terms, construction, interpretation,
performance, termination, breach, or enforceability of this Agreement or such Transaction Document(s), the Parties hereby each agree
that the claim or dispute shall be, at the election of any Party within thirty (30) days after the claim or dispute arises, resolved
by mandatory binding arbitration in Utah, except that Lender may, at its election, maintain any action for equitable relief in the Third
Judicial District, Salt Lake County, Utah, including seeking the appointment of a receiver, judicial foreclosure, an accounting of Collateral,
restraining orders or injunctions or other equitable relief without a right to compel arbitration by the Company or the Subsidiaries
Guarantor. To the extent that an arbitration occurs, the Parties agree that the arbitration shall be administered by JAMS and the arbitration
shall be conducted in accordance with the Expedited Procedures of the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures except as otherwise
agreed in this Agreement. The arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with the procedures of JAMS, and shall base the award on applicable
Utah law, and in connection therewith each of the Loan Parties hereby expressly waive any right to seek an exemption from Utah law based
on any public policies or principles of any other State. The Parties agree that the arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator.
Judgment on the award may be entered in any federal or state court in the State of Utah and in the federal courts of any other State.
The Parties further agree that the costs of the arbitration shall be divided equally between the Company and the Lender until a prevailing
Party is determined, at which time the non-prevailing Party shall be charged the prevailing Partys share of the arbitration fees.
Each Party may pursue arbitration solely in an individual capacity, and not as a representative or class member in any purported class
or representative proceeding. The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one Persons claims, and may not otherwise preside over
any form of a representative or class proceeding. This arbitration section is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 
1-16.

(b) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents,
including, without limitation, the enforcement of any award by the arbitrator, shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Utah, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each Party
agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of
the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a Party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
employees or agents) that is not initially submitted to arbitration in accordance with Section 5.08(a) above, shall be commenced
exclusively in the federal and state courts sitting in Salt Lake County, Salt Lake City, Utah (the Utah
Courts). Each Party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Utah Courts for the
enforcement of any arbitration award or adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of such Utah Courts, or that such Utah Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding or that such Party
may obtain an exemption from Utah law based on any public policies or principles of any other State or
jurisdiction. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of
delivery) to such Party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each Party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any Party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce
any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then the prevailing Party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
Party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
Action or Proceeding.

25

Section
5.09 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Notes.

Section
5.10 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format datafile, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page was an original thereof.

Section
5.11 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth hereinshall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

Section
5.12 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar
provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Lender exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Lender may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

Section
5.13 Replacement of the Notes. If any certificate or instrument evidencing the Notes is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement the Notes.

Section
5.14 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
the Lender and the Company will be entitled to seek specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents
and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at
law would be adequate.

Section
5.15 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Lender pursuant to any Transaction Document
or the Lender enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcementor setoff had not occurred.

26

Section
5.16 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to
revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments hereto. In addition,
each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

Section
5.17 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed
to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section
5.18 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

27

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Loan Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date below.

Company:

PHOENIX
MOTOR INC.

By: /s/
Xiaofeng Denton Peng

Name:
Xiaofeng
Denton Peng

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

Lender:

J.J.
ASTOR & CO.

By: 

Name: Michael
Pope

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Loan Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date below.

Company:

PHOENIX
MOTOR INC.

By: 

Name Xiaofeng
Denton Peng

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Lender:

J.J.
ASTOR & CO.

By: /s/
Michael Pope

Name: Michael
Pope

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

PLEDGE
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

THIS
PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement)
dated as of March 14, 2025 is made and entered into by and among (x) Phoenix Motor Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company);
(y) Phoenix Cars, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Phoenix Motorcars Leasing, LLC a [Delaware] limited liability
company and Edison Future International Co., Ltd. a Hong Kong corporation who have executed this Agreement (the Existing
Subsidiaries) and (z) each other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement by execution of a joinder in the form of Exhibit
A attached hereto, which shall include all other direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company hereafter formed or acquired after
the date hereof for so long as this Agreement remains in effect (the Additional Subsidiaries and together with the
Company and the Existing Subsidiaries hereinafter sometimes referred to individually as a Debtor and, collectively,
as the Debtors), on the one hand, and J.J. Astor & Co., a Utah corporation in its capacity as Collateral
Agent for the benefit of itself as the Lender and each of the other Lender (if any), on the other hand (each Lender, together with its
respective successors and assigns, a Secured Party, and collectively the Secured Parties).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Lender is a party to the Loan Agreement (as hereafter defined) pursuant to which such Lender has agreed to make two loans to the
Company, (a) an Initial Loan of $4,000,000 to be made on or about March 14, 2025 and (b) an Additional Loan of $2,000,000 upon the request
of the Company to be made not earlier than 60 days from March 14, 2025 (together with the Initial Loan the Loans)
and the Company has agreed to issue to the Lender two senior secured installment promissory notes, in $5,300,000 Original Principal Amount
with respect to the Initial Loan and in $2,650,000 Original Principal Amount with respect to the Additional Loan, in each case subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein (collectively, the Notes); and

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Guaranty Agreement, each of the Existing Subsidiaries has unconditionally guaranteed payment of the Notes and performance
by the Company of its covenants and agreements set forth in the Loan Agreement; and

WHEREAS,
capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement and in the Notes; and

WHEREAS,
each Debtor will derive substantial benefit and advantage from the financial accommodations provided by the Lender to the Company set
forth in the Loan Agreement and the Notes, and it will be to each such Debtors direct interest and economic benefit to obtain
said financial accommodations from Lender; and

WHEREAS,
to induce Lender to enter into the Loan Agreement and make the Loan, and Lender as security for its Obligations for the benefit of the
Lender and any other Secured Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, each Debtor has agreed to pledge and grant to the
Lender a first priority Lien and security interest in all of Debtors right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as hereinafter
defined).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section
1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, all capitalized terms, when used herein shall have the same meaning
as they are defined in the Loan Agreement and the Notes. In addition, as used herein:

Accounts
means any account, as such term is defined in the UCC, and, in any event, shall include, without limitation, supporting
obligations as defined in the UCC.

Chattel
Paper means any chattel paper, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Collateral
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3 hereof.

Commercial
Tort Claims means commercial tort claims, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Contracts
means all contracts, undertakings, or other agreements (other than rights evidenced by Chattel Paper, Documents or Instruments) in or
under which a Debtor may now or hereafter have any right, title or interest, including, without limitation, with respect to an Account,
any agreement relating to the terms of payment or the terms of performance thereof.

Copyrights
means any copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyrights, copyright registrations and copyright applications,
including, without limitation, the copyright registrations and applications listed on Schedule III attached hereto (if any), and
all renewals of any of the foregoing, all income, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable under or with
respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements of any
of the foregoing and the right to sue for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing.

Documents
means any documents, as such term is defined in the UCC, and shall include, without limitation, all documents of title
(as defined in the UCC), bills of lading or other receipts evidencing or representing Inventory or Equipment.

Equipment
means any equipment, as such term is defined in the UCC and, in any event, shall include, Motor Vehicles.

Event
of Default shall have the meaning set forth in the Notes.

Excluded
Assets means each of the following: (i) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a capital lease, purchase
money security interest or similar arrangement, to the extent that a grant of a Lien thereon in favor of Secured Parties would violate
or invalidate such lease, license, agreement or capital lease, purchase money security interest or similar arrangement or create a right
of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Debtors), so long as such provision exists and so long as such lease,
license or agreement was not entered into in contemplation of circumventing the obligation to provide Collateral hereunder or in violation
of the Loan Agreement, other than to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408
or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law including the
bankruptcy code, or principles of equity and (ii) any stock of a Foreign Subsidiary that constitutes more than 65% of the outstanding
stock of such Foreign Subsidiary.

2

General
Intangibles means any general intangibles, as such term is defined in the UCC, and, in any event, shall include,
without limitation, all right, title and interest in or under any Contract, models, drawings, materials and records, claims, literary
rights, goodwill, rights of performance, Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, warranties, rights under insurance policies and rights of indemnification.

Goods
means any goods, as such term is defined in the UCC, including, without limitation, fixtures and embedded Software to the
extent included in goods as defined in the UCC.

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether
state or local, or any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administration powers or functions of or pertaining to government over any Debtor or any
of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties, assets or undertakings.

Instruments
means any instrument, as such term is defined in the UCC, and shall include, without limitation, promissory notes, drafts,
bills of exchange, trade acceptances, letters of credit, letter of credit rights (as defined in the UCC), and Chattel Paper.

Inventory
means any inventory, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Investment
Property means any investment property, as such term is defined in the UCC.

Loan
Agreement means the loan agreement, dated as of December 12, 2024 between the Company and the Lender.

Loan
Party or Loan Parties has the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

Lock
Box Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

Lien
has the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

Motor
Vehicles shall mean motor vehicles, tractors, trailers and other like property, whether or not the title thereto is governed by
a certificate of title or ownership.

Obligations
means all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of every nature of Debtors from time to time owed or owing under or in respect of
this Agreement, the Loan Agreement the Notes, the Subsidiary Guarantee, the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, including,
without limitation, the principal amount of all debts, claims and indebtedness, accrued and unpaid interest and all fees, costs and expenses,
whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise, heretofore, now and/or from time to time hereafter owing, due or
payable whether before or after the filing of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding under applicable federal, state, foreign
or other law and whether or not an allowed claim in any such proceeding.

3

Patents
means any patents, pending patents and patent applications, including, without limitation, the inventions and improvements described
and claimed therein, all patentable inventions and those patents and patent applications listed on Schedule IV attached hereto
(if any), and the reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations-in-part of any of the foregoing, and all
income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable under or with respect to any of the foregoing, including,
without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing and the right to sue for
past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing.

Permitted
Indebtedness has the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

Permitted
Liens means:

(a)
Liens in favor of the Secured Parties;

(b)
Liens securing the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies either not yet overdue or the validity of which
are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued and available to a Loan Party, which proceedings (or
orders entered in connection with such proceedings) have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any
such Lien and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside on its books in accordance with GAAP;

(b)
non-consensual statutory Liens (other than Liens arising under ERISA or securing the payment of taxes) arising in the ordinary course
of a Loan Partys business that do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money, such as carriers, warehousemens, materialmens,
landlords, workmens, suppliers, repairmens, mechanics and growers Liens, to such Liens secure
Indebtedness which is not overdue or is fully insured and being defended at the sole cost and expense and at the sole risk of the insurer
or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued and available to a Loan Party, in each case prior to the
commencement of foreclosure or other similar proceedings, which proceedings (or orders entered in connection with such proceeding) have
the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to any such Lien and with respect to which adequate reserves
have been set aside on its books in accordance with GAAP;

(c)
security interests in equipment arising after the date hereof to secure Permitted Indebtedness, whether such Indebtedness is assumed
or incurred by a Loan Party;

(e)
pledges and deposits of cash by a Loan Party after the date hereof in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers
compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security benefits consistent with the current practices of such Loan Party
as of the date hereof;

4

(f)
pledges and deposits of cash by a Loan Party after the date hereof to secure the performance of tenders, bids, leases, trade contracts
(other than for the repayment of Indebtedness), statutory obligations and other similar obligations in each case in the ordinary course
of business consistent with the current practices of such Loan Party as of the date hereof;

(g)
Liens arising from (i) operating leases and the precautionary UCC financing statement filings in respect thereof and (ii) equipment or
other materials which are not owned by a Loan Party located on the premises of a Loan Party (but not in connection with, or as part of,
the financing thereof) from time to time in the ordinary course of business and consistent with current practices of such Loan Party
and the precautionary UCC financing statement filings in respect thereof;

(h)
statutory or common law Liens or rights of setoff of depository banks with respect to funds of a Loan Party at such banks to secure fees
and charges in connection with returned items or the standard fees and charges of such banks in connection with the deposit accounts
maintained by a Loan Party at such banks (but not any other Indebtedness or obligations);

(i)
judgments and other similar Liens arising in connection with court proceedings that do not constitute an Event of Default, provided,
that, (i) such Liens are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued, (ii) adequate reserves or other
appropriate provision, if any, as are required by GAAP have been made therefor, (iii) a stay of enforcement of any such Liens is in effect
and (iv) Agent may establish a Reserve with respect thereto;

(j)
Liens on goods in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure custom duties in connection with the
importation of such goods; and

Pledged
Collateral means all shares of the capital stock or membership interest equity of the Subsidiary and any Additional Debtors (other
than the Company), and all Instruments and Investment Property whether or not physically delivered to the Collateral Agent according
to this Agreement.

Proceeds
means proceeds, as such term is defined in the UCC and, in any event, includes, without limitation, (a) any and all proceeds
of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable with respect to any of the Collateral, (b) any and all payments (in any form
whatsoever) made or due and payable from time to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture
of all or any part of the Collateral by any Governmental Authority (or any person acting under color of Governmental Authority), and
(c) any and all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under, in respect of or in connection with any of the Collateral.

Representative
means any Person acting as agent, representative or trustee on behalf of the Secured Parties from time to time.

Security
Documents means this Agreement and any other documents securing the Liens of the Secured Parties hereunder.

5

Software
means all software as such term is defined in the UCC, now owned or hereafter acquired by a Debtor, other than software
embedded in any category of Goods, including, without limitation, all computer programs and all supporting information provided in connection
with a transaction related to any program.

Trademarks
means any trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks,
logos, other business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, all registrations and recordings
thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, the trademarks and applications listed in Schedule
V attached hereto (if any) and renewals thereof, and all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable
under or with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past, present and future infringements
of any of the foregoing and the right to sue for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing.

Transaction
Documents has the meaning as that term is defined in the Loan Agreement.

UCC
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in

the
State of Utah; provided, that to the extent that the Uniform Commercial Code is used to define any term herein and such term is defined
differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division
9 shall govern.

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Debtors. Each Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Secured
Parties as follows:

(a)
Subject to the Permitted Liens, such Debtor has or will have rights in and the power to transfer the Collateral in which it purports
to grant a security interest pursuant to Section 3 hereof (subject, with respect to after acquired Collateral, to such Debtor acquiring
the same) and no Lien other than Permitted Liens exists or will exist upon such Collateral at any time.

(b)
Subject to the Permitted Liens, this Agreement is effective to create in favor of Secured Parties a valid security interest in and Lien
upon all of such Debtors right, title and interest in and to the Collateral, and upon (i) the filing of appropriate UCC financing
statements in the jurisdictions listed on Schedule I attached hereto, and (ii) except for the share capital of the Foreign Subsidiaries,
which shall only be delivered to Secured Party upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under the Loan
Documents, Motor Vehicles and the delivery to the Secured Parties of the Pledged Collateral together with assignments in blank, such
security interest will be a duly perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in all of the Collateral.

(c)
All of the Equipment, Inventory and Goods owned by such Debtor is located at the places as specified on Schedule I attached hereto.
Except as disclosed on Schedule I, none of the Collateral is in the possession of any bailee, warehousemen, processor or consignee.
Schedule I discloses such Debtors name as of the date hereof as it appears in official filings in the state or province,
as applicable, of its incorporation, formation or organization, the type of entity of such Debtor (including corporation, partnership,
limited partnership or limited liability company), organizational identification number issued by such Debtors state of incorporation,
formation or organization (or a statement that no such number has been issued), such Debtors state or province, as applicable,
of incorporation, formation or organization and the chief place of business, chief executive office and the office where such Debtor
keeps its books and records and the states in which such Debtor conducts its business. Such Debtor has only one state or province, as
applicable, of incorporation, formation or organization. Such Debtor does not do business and has not done business during the past five
years under any trade name or fictitious business name except as disclosed on Schedule II attached hereto.

6

(d)
No Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks listed on Schedules III, IV and V, respectively, if any, have been adjudged invalid or unenforceable
or have been canceled, in whole or in part, or are not presently valid and enforceable. Each of such Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks
(if any) is valid and enforceable. Subject to the Permitted Liens, such Debtor is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire and unencumbered
right, title and interest in and to each of such Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks, identified on Schedules III, IV and V, as
applicable, as being owned by such Debtor, free and clear of any liens (subject to Permitted Liens), charges and encumbrances, including
without limitation licenses, shop rights and covenants by such Debtor not to sue third persons. Such Debtor has adopted, used and is
currently using, or has a current bona fide intention to use, all of such Trademarks and Copyrights. Such Debtor has no notice of any
suits or actions commenced or threatened with reference to the Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks owned by it.

(e)
Each Debtor agrees to deliver to the Secured Parties an updated Schedule I, II, III, IV and/or V within five Business Days of
any material change thereto.

(f)
Such Debtor does not own any Commercial Tort Claim except for those disclosed on Schedule II hereto (if any).

(g)
All Equipment (including, without limitation, Motor Vehicles) owned by a Debtor and subject to a certificate of title or ownership statute
is described on Schedule VII hereto.

(h)
The Existing Subsidiaries does not have any interest in real property except as disclosed on Schedule VIII (if any). Each Debtor
shall deliver to Secured Parties a revised version of Schedule VIII showing any material changes thereto within 10 Business Days
of any such change. Except as otherwise agreed to by Secured Parties, all such interests in real property are or shall be subject to
a mortgage and deed of trust (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) in favor of Secured Parties (hereinafter,
a Mortgage).

Section
3. Collateral. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) of the obligations due the Secured Party under the Notes, each Debtor hereby pledges and grants to the Collateral Agent, for
the benefit of itself and each Secured Party, a first priority senior Lien on and a first priority senior security interest in and to
all of such Debtors assets, including all right, title and interest in the following properties and assets of such Debtor, whether
now owned by such Debtor or hereafter acquired and whether now existing or hereafter coming into existence and wherever located (all
being collectively referred to herein as Collateral).

7

The
Collateral consists of:

(a)
all Instruments, together with all payments thereon or thereunder;

(b)
all Accounts, including, without limitation, all Accounts now or hereinafter existing in Lock Box Account maintained at the Loan Parties
Bank;

(c)
all Inventory;

(d)
all General Intangibles (including payment intangibles (as defined in the UCC) and Software);

(e)
all Equipment;

(f)
all Documents;

(g)
all Contracts;

(h)
all Goods;

(i)
all Pledged Collateral and all Investment Property, including without limitation all equity interests now owned or hereafter acquired
by each Debtor (other than the Company), including all of the interests in all Existing Subsidiaries and Additional Subsidiaries, if
any, owned by the Company or any such Subsidiary;

(j)
the Lock Box Agreement and the Lock Box Account maintained at the Loan

Parties
Bank;

(k)
all Commercial Tort Claims specified on Schedule VII;

(l)
all Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights and other Intellectual Property;

(m)
all books and records pertaining to the other Collateral;

(n)
all Software; and

(o)
all other tangible and intangible property and other assets of such Debtor, including, without limitation, Proceeds, tort claims, products,
accessions, rents, profits, income, benefits, substitutions, additions and replacements of and to any of the property of such Debtor
described in the preceding clauses of this Section 3 (including, without limitation, any proceeds of insurance thereon, insurance claims
and all rights, claims and benefits against any Person relating thereto), other rights to payments not otherwise included in the foregoing,
and all books, correspondence, files, records, invoices and other papers, including without limitation all tapes, cards, computer runs,
computer programs, computer files and other papers, documents and records in the possession or under the control of such Debtor, or any
computer bureau or service company from time to time acting for such Debtor.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Transaction Document, in no event shall the security interest granted herein or therein
attach to any Excluded Assets.

8

Section
4. Covenants; Remedies. In furtherance of the grant of the pledge and security interest pursuant to Section 3 hereof, each Debtor
hereby agrees with the Secured Parties as follows (subject to the Permitted Liens):

4.1
Delivery and Other Perfection; Maintenance, etc.

(a)
Other Documents and Actions. Each Debtor shall give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, registration,
notice, instrument, document, agreement, or other papers that may be necessary or desirable (in the reasonable judgment of the Secured
Parties or their Representative) to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant hereto (or any security
interest or mortgage contemplated or required hereunder, including with respect to Section 2(h) of this Agreement) or to enable the Secured
Parties or their Representative to exercise and enforce the rights of the Secured Parties hereunder with respect to such pledge and security
interest, provided that notices to account debtors in respect of any Accounts or Instruments shall be subject to the provisions
of clause (d) below. Notwithstanding the foregoing each Debtor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Parties at any time and from
time to time to file in any filing office in any jurisdiction any initial financing statements (and other similar filings or registrations
under other applicable laws and regulations pertaining to the creation, attachment, or perfection of security interests) and amendments
thereto that (a) indicate the Collateral (i) as all assets of such Debtor or words of similar effect, regardless of whether any particular
asset comprised in the Collateral falls within the scope of Article 9 of the UCC, or (ii) as being of an equal or lesser scope or with
greater detail, and (b) contain any other information required by part 5 of Article 9 of the UCC for the sufficiency or filing office
acceptance of any financing statement or amendment, including whether such Debtor is an organization, the type of organization and any
organization identification number issued to such Debtor. Each Debtor agrees to furnish any such information to the Secured Parties promptly
upon request. Each Debtor also ratifies its authorization for the Secured Parties to have filed in any jurisdiction any like initial
financing statements or amendments thereto if filed prior to the date hereof.

(b)
Books and Records. Each Debtor (or a Company on behalf of a Debtor) shall maintain at its own cost and expense complete and accurate
books and records of the Collateral, including, without limitation, a record of all payments received and all credits granted with respect
to the Collateral and all other dealings with the Collateral. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default,
each Debtor shall deliver and turn over any such books and records (or true and correct copies thereof) to the Secured Parties or their
Representative at any time on demand. Each Debtor shall permit any Representative of the Secured Parties, to inspect such books and records
at any time during reasonable business hours upon at least five Business Days prior notice (and in no event, more frequently than
twice during each 12-month period, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) and will provide photocopies thereof at
such Debtors expense to the Secured Parties upon request of any Secured Party.

(c)
Motor Vehicles. Each Debtor shall, promptly upon acquiring same, cause the Secured Parties to be listed as a lienholder on each
certificate of title or ownership covering any items of Equipment, including Motor Vehicles, having a value in excess of $100,000 individually
or in the aggregate for all such items of Equipment of the Debtor, or otherwise comply with the certificate of title or ownership laws
of the relevant jurisdiction issuing such certificate of title or ownership in order to properly evidence and perfect Secured Parties
security interest in the assets represented by such certificate of title or ownership.

9

(d)
Notice to Account Debtors; Verification. (i) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default (or if any
rights of set-off (other than set-offs against an Account arising under the Contract giving rise to the same Account) or contra accounts
may be asserted, upon request of any Secured Party or their Representative, each Debtor shall promptly notify (and each Debtor hereby
authorizes the Secured Parties and their Representative so to notify) each account debtor in respect of any Accounts or Instruments or
other Persons obligated on the Collateral that such Collateral has been assigned to the Secured Parties hereunder, and that any payments
due or to become due in respect of such Collateral are to be made directly to the Secured Parties and (ii) the Secured Parties and their
Representative shall have the right at any time or times (but in no event more than once during each 12-month period and acting through
a Debtor and not independently, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) to make direct verification with the account
debtors or other Persons obligated on the Collateral of any and all of the Accounts or other such Collateral.

(e)
Intellectual Property. Each Debtor represents and warrants that the Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks listed on Schedules
III, IV and V, respectively (if any), constitute all of the registered Copyrights and all of the Patents and Trademarks now owned
by such Debtor and that are used or are useful in their business. If such Debtor shall (i) obtain rights to any new patentable inventions,
any registered Copyrights or any Patents or Trademarks, or (ii) become entitled to the benefit of any registered Copyrights or any Patents
or Trademarks or any improvement on any Patent, the provisions of this Agreement above shall automatically apply thereto and such Debtor
shall give to Secured Parties prompt written notice thereof. Each Debtor hereby authorizes Secured Parties to modify this Agreement by
amending Schedules III, IV and V, as applicable, to include any such registered Copyrights or any such Patents and Trademarks.
Each Debtor shall have the duty (i) to prosecute diligently any patent, trademark, or service mark applications pending as of the date
hereof or hereafter to the extent the Debtor reasonably believes they are material to the operation of the business of such Debtor, (ii)
to preserve and maintain all rights in the Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks, to the extent the Debtor reasonably believes they are
material to the operations of the business of such Debtor and (iii) to ensure that the Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks are and remain
enforceable, to the extent the Debtor reasonably believes they are material to the operations of the business of such Debtor. Any expenses
incurred in connection with such Debtors obligations under this Section 4.1(f) shall be borne by such Debtor. Except for any such
items that a Debtor reasonably believes (using prudent industry customs and practices) are no longer necessary for the on-going operations
of its business, no Debtor shall abandon any material right to file a patent, trademark or service mark application, or abandon any pending
patent, trademark or service mark application or any other Copyright, Patent or Trademark without the prior written consent of Secured
Parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(f)
Further Identification of Collateral. Each Debtor will, when and as often as reasonably requested by the Secured Parties or their
Representative, furnish to the Secured Parties or such Representative, statements and schedules further identifying and describing the
Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the Secured Parties or their Representative may reasonably request,
all in reasonable detail.

10

(g)
Investment Property. Each Debtor will take any and all actions required or requested by the Secured Parties, from time to time,
to (i) cause the Secured Parties to obtain exclusive control of any Investment Property owned by such Debtor in a manner acceptable to
the Secured Parties, and (ii) obtain from any issuers of Investment Property and such other Persons, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
written confirmation of the Secured Parties control over such Investment Property. For purposes of this Section 4.1(g), the Secured
Parties shall have exclusive control of Investment Property if (i) such Investment Property consists of certificated securities and a
Debtor delivers such certificated securities to the Secured Parties (with appropriate endorsements if such certificated securities are
in registered form); (ii) such Investment Property consists of uncertificated securities and either (x) a Debtor delivers such uncertificated
securities to the Secured Parties or (y) the issuer thereof agrees, pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the
Secured Parties, that it will comply with instructions originated by the Secured Parties without further consent by such Debtor, and
(iii) such Investment Property consists of security entitlements and either (x) the Secured Parties become the entitlement holders thereof
or (y) the appropriate securities intermediary agrees, pursuant to the documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Secured Parties without further consent by any Debtor. Notwithstanding
any pledge of Investment Property by any Debtor hereunder that constitutes equity securities, unless an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, such Debtor shall retain any voting or consent rights applicable thereto.

(h)
Commercial Tort Claims. Each Debtor shall promptly notify Secured Parties of any Commercial Tort Claim acquired by it that concerns
a claim in excess of $100,000 and unless otherwise consented to by Secured Parties, such Debtor shall enter into a supplement to this
Agreement granting to Secured Parties a Lien on and security interest in such Commercial Tort Claim.

4.2
Other Liens. Other than Permitted Liens, Debtors will not create, permit or suffer to exist, and will defend the Collateral against
and take such other action as is necessary to remove, any Lien on the Collateral except Permitted Liens, and will defend the right, title
and interest of the Secured Parties in and to the Collateral and in and to all Proceeds thereof against the claims and demands of all
Persons whatsoever, other than Permitted Liens.

4.3
Preservation of Rights. Whether or not any Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, the Secured Parties and their Representative
may, but shall not be required to, take any steps the Secured Parties or their Representative deems reasonably necessary or appropriate
to preserve any Collateral or any rights against third parties to any of the Collateral (other than Permitted Liens), including obtaining
insurance for the Collateral at any time when such Debtor has failed to do so, and Debtors shall promptly pay, or reimburse the Secured
Parties for, all reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith.

4.4
Formation of Subsidiaries; Name Change; Location; Bailees.

(a)
No Debtor shall form or acquire any subsidiary unless (i) such Debtor pledges all of the stock or equity interests of such subsidiary
to the Secured Parties pursuant to an agreement in a form agreed to by the Collateral Agent, (ii) such subsidiary becomes a party to
this Agreement and all other applicable Security Documents and (iii) the formation or acquisition of such subsidiary is not prohibited
by the terms of the Transaction Documents.

11

(b)
No Debtor shall (i) reincorporate or reorganize itself under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which it is
incorporated or organized as of the date hereof, or (ii) otherwise change its name, identity or corporate structure, in each case, without
prior written notice to Collateral Agent. Each Debtor will notify Secured Parties promptly in writing prior to any such change in the
proposed use by such Debtor of any tradename or fictitious business name other than any such name set forth on Schedule II attached
hereto.

(c)
Except for the sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business and other sales of assets expressly permitted by the terms of the
Loan Agreement, each Debtor will keep the Collateral at the locations specified in Schedule I. Each Debtor will give Secured Parties
thirty (30) days prior written notice of any change in such Debtors chief place of business or of any new location for
any of the Collateral.

(d)
If any Collateral is at any time in the possession or control of any warehousemen, bailee, consignee or processor, such Debtor shall,
upon the request of Secured Parties or their Representative, notify such warehousemen, bailee, consignee or processor of the Lien and
security interest created hereby and shall instruct such Person to hold all such Collateral for Secured Parties account subject
to Collateral Agents instructions.

(e)
Each Debtor acknowledges that it is not authorized to file any financing statement or amendment or termination statement with respect
to any financing statement without the prior written consent of Collateral Agent and agrees that it will not do so without the prior
written consent of Collateral Agent, subject to such Debtors rights under Section 9-509(d)(2) to the UCC.

4.5
Events of Default, Etc. During the period during which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, but subject
at all times to the priority rights of the Senior Lender under the documents evidencing the Senior Debt (the Senior Debt Documents):

(a)
each Debtor shall, at the request of the Secured Parties or their Representative, assemble the Collateral and make it available to Secured
Parties or their Representative at a place or places designated by the Secured Parties or their Representative which are reasonably convenient
to Secured Parties or their Representative, as applicable, and such Debtor;

(b)
the Secured Parties or their Representative may make any reasonable compromise or settlement deemed desirable with respect to any of
the Collateral and may extend the time of payment, arrange for payment in installments, or otherwise modify the terms of, any of the
Collateral;

(c)
the Secured Parties shall have all of the rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral of a secured party under the UCC (whether
or not said UCC is in effect in the jurisdiction where the rights and remedies are asserted) and such additional rights and remedies
to which a secured party is entitled under the laws in effect in any jurisdiction where any rights and remedies hereunder may be asserted,
including, without limitation, the right, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to: (i) exercise all voting, consensual and other powers
of ownership pertaining to the Collateral as if the Secured Parties were the sole and absolute owner thereof (and each Debtor agrees
to take all such action as may be appropriate to give effect to such right) and (ii) the appointment of a receiver or receivers for all
or any part of the Collateral or business of a Debtor, whether such receivership be incident to a proposed sale or sales of such Collateral
or otherwise and without regard to the value of the Collateral or the solvency of any person or persons liable for the payment of the
Obligations secured by such Collateral. Each Debtor hereby consents to the appointment of such receiver or receivers, waives any and
all defenses to such appointment and agrees that such appointment shall in no manner impair, prejudice or otherwise affect the rights
of Secured Parties under this Agreement;

12

(d)
the Secured Parties or their Representative in its discretion may, in the name of the Secured Parties or in the name of a Debtor or otherwise,
demand, sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange for any of the
Collateral, but shall be under no obligation to do so;

(e)
the Secured Parties may, upon reasonable notice (such reasonable notice to be determined by Collateral Agent in its sole and absolute
discretion, which shall not be less than ten (10) days), with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof which shall then be or shall
thereafter come into the possession, custody or control of the Secured Parties or their Representative, sell, lease, license, assign
or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Collateral, at such place or places as the Collateral Agent deems best, and for cash
or for credit or for future delivery (without thereby assuming any credit risk), at public or private sale, without demand of performance
or notice of intention to effect any such disposition or of the time or place thereof (except such notice as is required above or by
applicable statute and cannot be waived), and the Secured Parties or anyone else may be the purchaser, lessee, licensee, assignee or
recipient of any or all of the Collateral so disposed of at any public sale (or, to the extent permitted by law, at any private sale)
and thereafter hold the same absolutely, free from any claim or right of whatsoever kind, including any right or equity of redemption
(statutory or otherwise), of Debtors, any such demand, notice and right or equity being hereby expressly waived and released. The Secured
Parties may, without notice or publication, adjourn any public or private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time by
announcement at the time and place fixed for the sale, and such sale may be made at any time or place to which the sale may be so adjourned;
and

(f)
the rights, remedies and powers conferred by this Section 4.6 are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights, remedies
or powers that the Secured Parties may have under any Transaction Document, at law, in equity or by or under the UCC or any other statute
or agreement. The Secured Parties may proceed by way of any action, suit or other proceeding at law or in equity and no right, remedy
or power of the Secured Parties will be exclusive of or dependent on any other. The Secured Parties may exercise any of their rights,
remedies or powers separately or in combination and at any time.

The
proceeds of each collection, sale or other disposition under this Section 4.6 shall be applied in accordance with Section 4.8 hereof.

4.6
Deficiency and Surplus. If the proceeds of sale, collection or other realization of or upon the Collateral are insufficient to
cover the costs and expenses of such realization and the payment in full of the Obligations, Debtors shall remain jointly and severally
liable for any deficiency. If the proceeds of sale, collection or other realization of or upon the Collateral exceed the costs and expenses
of such realization and the payment in full of the Obligations, the Collateral Agent shall promptly remit any such surplus to the Debtors.

13

4.7
Private Sale. Each Debtor recognizes that the Secured Parties may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all of the Collateral
consisting of securities by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act),
and applicable state securities laws, but may be compelled to resort to one or more private sales thereof to a restricted group of purchasers
who will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such Collateral for their own account for investment and not with a view
to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale may result in prices and other
terms less favorable to the seller than if such sale were a public sale and each Debtor agrees that it is not commercially unreasonable
for Secured Parties to engage in any such private sales or dispositions under such circumstances. Except as may be provided in the Senior
Debt Documents or any intercreditor and subordination agreement required to be subsequently executed by the holder of Senior Debt, the
Secured Parties shall be under no obligation to delay a sale of any of the Collateral to permit a Debtor to register such Collateral
for public sale under the Act, or under applicable state securities laws, even if Debtors would agree to do so. The Secured Parties shall
not incur any liability as a result of the sale of any such Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private sale provided for in this
Agreement conducted in a commercially reasonable manner, and so long as Secured Parties conduct such sale in a commercially reasonable
manner each Debtor hereby waives any claims against any Secured Party arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral
may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the
aggregate amount of the Obligations, even if the Secured Parties accept the first offer received and does not offer the Collateral to
more than one offeree.

Each
Debtor further agrees to do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be necessary to make such sale or sales of any
portion or all of any such Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and all applicable laws, regulations, orders, writs,
injunctions, decrees or awards of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental instrumentalities, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over any such sale or sales, all at such Debtors expense. Each Debtor further agrees that a breach of any of the covenants contained
in this Section 4.8 will cause irreparable injury to the Secured Parties, that the Secured Parties has no adequate remedy at law in respect
of such breach and, as a consequence, agrees that each and every covenant contained in this Section 4.8 shall be specifically enforceable
against Debtors, and each Debtor hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defenses against an action for specific performance of such
covenants except for a defense that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

4.8
Application of Proceeds. Except as may be provided in the Senior Debt Documents or any intercreditor and subordination agreement
required to be subsequently executed by the holder of Senior Debt, the proceeds of any collection, sale or other realization of all or
any part of the Collateral, and any other cash at the time held by the Secured Parties under this Agreement, shall be applied to the
Obligations on based on the then outstanding Default Amount due under the Notes or as otherwise detailed on Schedule 4.8.

14

4.9
Attorney-in-Fact. Each Debtor hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Collateral Agent, with full power of substitution,
as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of such Debtor and in the name
of such Debtor or in its own name, from time to time in the discretion of the Collateral Agent, for the purpose of carrying out the terms
of this Agreement, to take any and all appropriate action and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which may
be necessary or desirable to perfect or protect any security interest granted hereunder, to maintain the perfection or priority of any
security interest granted hereunder, or to otherwise accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, and, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, hereby gives the Collateral Agent the power and right, on behalf of such Debtor, without notice to or assent by such
Debtor (to the extent permitted by applicable law), to do the following, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event
of Default under the Notes:

(a)
to take any and all appropriate action and to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or desirable
to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement;

(b)
to ask, demand, collect, receive and give acquittance and receipts for any and all moneys due and to become due under any Collateral
and, in the name of such Debtor or its own name or otherwise, to take possession of and endorse and collect any checks, drafts, notes,
acceptances or other Instruments for the payment of moneys due under any Collateral and to file any claim or to take any other action
or proceeding in any court of law or equity or otherwise deemed appropriate by the Secured Parties for the purpose of collecting any
and all such moneys due under any Collateral whenever payable and to file any claim or to take any other action or proceeding in any
court of law or equity or otherwise deemed appropriate by the Secured Parties for the purpose of collecting any and all such moneys due
under any Collateral whenever payable;

(c)
to pay or discharge charges or liens levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral, to effect any insurance called for by
the terms of this Agreement and to pay all or any part of the premiums therefor;

(d)
to direct any party liable for any payment under any of the Collateral to make payment of any and all moneys due, and to become due thereunder,
directly to the Secured Parties or as the Secured Parties shall direct, and to receive payment of and receipt for any and all moneys,
claims and other amounts due, and to become due at any time, in respect of or arising out of any Collateral;

(e)
to sign and indorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments,
verifications and notices in connection with accounts and other Documents constituting or relating to the Collateral;

(f)
to commence and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the
Collateral or any part thereof and to enforce any other right in respect of any Collateral;

(g)
to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against a Debtor with respect to any Collateral;

15

(h)
to settle, compromise or adjust any suit, action or proceeding described above and, in connection therewith, to give such discharges
or releases as the Secured Parties may deem appropriate;

(i)
to the extent that a Debtors authorization given in Section 4.1(a) of this Agreement is not sufficient to file such financing
statements with respect to this Agreement, with or without such Debtors signature, or to file a photocopy of this Agreement in
substitution for a financing statement, as the Secured Parties may deem appropriate and to execute in such Debtors name such financing
statements and amendments thereto and continuation statements which may require such Debtors signature;

(j)
generally to sell, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with any of the Collateral as fully and completely
as though the Secured Parties were the absolute owners thereof for all purposes; and

(k)
to do, at the Secured Parties option and at such Debtors expense, at any time, or from time to time, all acts and things which
the Secured Parties reasonably deems necessary to protect or preserve or, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event
of Default, realize upon the Collateral and the Secured Parties lien therein, in order to effect the intent of this Agreement,
all as fully and effectively as such Debtor might do.

Each
Debtor hereby ratifies, to the extent permitted by law, all that such attorneys lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof provided
the same is performed in a commercially reasonable manner. The power of attorney granted hereunder is a power coupled with an interest
and shall be irrevocable until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Section 4.12 hereof.

Each
Debtor also authorizes the Secured Parties, at any time from and after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default,
(x) to communicate in its own name with any party to any Contract with regard to the assignment of the right, title and interest of such
Debtor in and under the Contracts hereunder and other matters relating thereto and (y) to execute, in connection with any sale of Collateral
provided for in Section 4.6 hereof, any endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to the
Collateral.

4.10
Perfection. Prior to or concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Debtor shall:

(a)
file such financing statements, assignments for security and other documents in such offices as may be necessary or as the Secured Parties
or their Representative may request to perfect the security interests granted by Section 3 of this Agreement;

(b)
at any Secured Partys request, deliver to the Secured Parties or their Representative the originals of all Instruments together
with, in the case of Instruments constituting promissory notes, allonges attached thereto showing such promissory notes to be payable
to the order of a blank payee;

(c)
deliver to the Secured Parties or their Representative the originals of all Motor Vehicle Titles, duly endorsed indicating the Secured
Parties interest therein as a lienholder, together with such other documents as may be required consistent with Section 4.1(c)
hereof to perfect the security interest granted by Section 3 in all such Motor Vehicles (if any).

(d)
If the Debtor has not done so, the Collateral Agent may do so at any later time at the sole cost of the Debtors.

16

4.11
Termination; Partial Release of Collateral. This Agreement and the Liens and security interests granted hereunder shall not terminate
until the full and complete performance and payment in full in cash of all such Obligations to Secured Parties, but excluding any inchoate
and unasserted indemnity obligations) (i) in respect of the Transaction Documents, and (ii) with respect to which claims have been asserted
by Collateral Agent and/or Lender, whereupon the Secured Parties shall forthwith cause to be assigned, transferred and delivered, against
receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, any remaining Collateral to or on the order of Debtors. The
Secured Parties shall also execute and deliver to Debtors upon such termination and at Debtors expense such UCC termination statements,
certificates for terminating the liens on the Motor Vehicles (if any) and such other documentation as shall be reasonably requested by
Debtors to effect the termination and release of the Liens and security interests in favor of the Secured Parties affecting the Collateral.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, upon full and complete satisfaction of the Notes, Debtors obligations under
this Agreement shall terminate and any Liens shall thereupon be void.

4.12
Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Secured Parties or their Representative,
and at the sole expense of Debtors, Debtors will promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments, documents
and agreements and take such further actions as the Secured Parties or their Representative may reasonably require in order for the Secured
Parties to obtain the full benefits of this Agreement and of the rights and powers herein granted in favor of the Secured Parties, including,
without limitation, using Debtors commercially reasonable efforts to secure all consents and approvals necessary or appropriate
for the assignment to the Secured Parties of any Collateral held by Debtors or in which a Debtor has any rights not heretofore assigned,
the filing of any financing or continuation statements under the UCC with respect to the liens and security interests granted hereby,
transferring Collateral to the Secured Parties possession, (if a security interest in such Collateral can be perfected by possession),
placing the interest of the Secured Parties as lienholder on the certificate of title of any Motor Vehicle, and obtaining waivers of
liens from landlords and mortgagees. Each Debtor also hereby authorizes the Secured Parties and their Representative to file any such
financing or continuation statement without the signature of such Debtor to the extent permitted by applicable law.

4.13
Limitation on Duty of Secured Parties and Collateral Agent. The powers conferred on the Secured Parties and/or Collateral Agent
under this Agreement are solely to protect the Secured Parties interest on behalf of themselves in the Collateral and shall not
impose any duty upon Secured Parties or the and/or Collateral Agent it to exercise any such powers. The Secured Parties and and/or Collateral
Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that they actually receive as a result of the exercise of such powers and neither the Secured
Parties, their Representative, the Collateral Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible
to Debtors for any act or failure to act, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured
Parties, and/or Collateral Agent and any Representative shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation
of the Collateral in their possession if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equivalent to that which the relevant Person,
in its individual capacity, accords its own property consisting of the type of Collateral involved, it being understood and agreed that
neither the Secured Party, the Collateral Agent nor any Representative shall have any responsibility for taking any necessary steps (other
than steps taken in accordance with the standard of care set forth above) to preserve rights against any Person with respect to any Collateral.

17

Also
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Secured Party, the Lender and/or Collateral Agent nor any Representative
shall have any obligation or liability under any Contract or license by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the granting to
the Secured Parties of a security interest therein or assignment thereof or the receipt by the Secured Parties, the and/or Collateral
Agent or any Representative of any payment relating to any Contract or license pursuant hereto, nor shall the Secured Parties, the and/or
Collateral Agent nor any Representative be required or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill any of the obligations of Debtors
under or pursuant to any Contract or license, or to make any payment, or to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any
payment received by it or the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any Contract or license, or to present or file any claim,
or to take any action to collect or enforce any performance or the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to it or to which
it may be entitled at any time or times.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

5.1
No Waiver. No failure on the part of any Secured Party, the Collateral Agent or any of its Representatives to exercise, and no
course of dealing with respect to, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Secured Parties, the Collateral Agent or any Representative of any right, power or remedy
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The rights and remedies
hereunder provided are cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any rights and remedies provided
by law.

5.2
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Utah, without regard to the principles of
conflict of laws thereof. Each Debtor agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the federal and state courts sitting in the County of
Salt Lake City, Utah (the Utah Courts). Each Debtor hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Utah Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of this Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Utah Courts, or
such Utah Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each Debtor hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail
or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each Debtor hereby irrevocably waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (a) any right to assert any claim of public policy of any state or jurisdiction to
contest the actions of the Secured Party and (b) any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

18

5.3
Notices. All notices, approvals, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be delivered or made in the manner
set forth in, and shall be effective in accordance with the terms of, the Loan Agreement. Debtors and Collateral Agent may change their
respective notice addresses by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change.

5.4
Amendments, Etc. The terms of this Agreement may be waived, altered or amended only by an instrument in writing duly executed
by the Debtor sought to be charged or benefited thereby and each of the Lender. Any such amendment or waiver shall be binding upon the
Secured Parties and the Debtor sought to be charged or benefited thereby and their respective successors and assigns.

5.5
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns
of each of the parties hereto, provided, that no Debtor shall assign or transfer its rights hereunder without the prior written consent
of each of the Secured Parties. Any Secured Party, including the Collateral Agent in its capacity as Collateral Agent, may assign its
rights hereunder without the consent of Debtors, in which event such assignee shall be deemed to be Secured Parties and/or Collateral
Agent, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such assigned rights.

5.6
Counterparts; Headings. This Agreement may be authenticated in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may authenticate this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. This Agreement
may be authenticated by manual signature or facsimile, .pdf or similar electronic signature, all of which shall be equally valid. The
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not alter or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

5.7
Severability. If any provision hereof is invalid and unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, (a) the other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in
favor of the Secured Parties and their Representative in order to carry out the intentions of the parties hereto as nearly as may be
possible and (b) the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

19

5.8
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. EACH DEBTOR AND SECURED PARTIES WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM
OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR PARTIES, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO
CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. EACH DEBTOR AND SECURED PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED
BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION 5.8 AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART,
TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS,
RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT.

5.9
Joint and Several. The obligations, covenants and agreements of Debtors hereunder shall be the joint and several obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Debtor, whether or not specifically stated herein without preferences or distinction among them.

5.10
Collateral Agent and Secured Party Indemnification.

(a)
Each Secured Party has pursuant to the Loan Agreement designated and appointed the Lender as Collateral Agent and as the administrative
agent of such Secured Party under this Agreement and the related agreements.

(b)
Except with regard to the priority rights of the Senior Lender in the Collateral and in any subsequent intercreditor or subordination
agreement entered into between Senior Lender and the Lender, nothing in this Section 5.10 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed
to limit or otherwise affect the rights of Secured Parties or Lender to exercise any remedy provided in this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document.

(c)
if pursuant to any related agreement Secured Parties are given the discretion to allocate proceeds received by Secured Parties pursuant
to the exercise of remedies under the related agreements or at law or in equity (including without limitation with respect to any secured
creditor remedies exercised against the Collateral and any other collateral security provided for under any related agreement), Secured
Parties shall apply such proceeds to the then outstanding Obligations in the following order of priority (with amounts received being
applied in the numerical order set forth below until exhausted prior to the application to the next succeeding category and each of the
Lender or other Persons entitled to payment shall receive an amount equal to its pro rata share of amounts available to be applied pursuant
to clauses second, third and fourth below):

first,
to payment of fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) owing to the Secured Parties;

20

second,
to payment of all accrued unpaid interest and fees (other than fees owing to Collateral Agent) on the Obligations;

third,
to payment of principal of the Obligations;

fourth,
to payment of any other amounts owing constituting Obligations; and

fifth,
any remainder shall be for the account of and paid to whoever may be lawfully entitled thereto.

5.11
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

5.12
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT. THIS AGREEMENT, TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, SUPERSEDES ALL OTHER PRIOR ORAL OR
WRITTEN AGREEMENTS BETWEEN SECURED PARTIES, THE DEBTORS, THEIR AFFILIATES AND PERSONS ACTING ON THEIR BEHALF WITH RESPECT TO THE MATTERS
DISCUSSED HEREIN, AND THIS AGREEMENT, TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND THE OTHER INSTRUMENTS REFERENCED HEREIN AND THEREIN,
CONTAIN THE ENTIRE UNDERSTANDING OF THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE MATTERS COVERED HEREIN AND THEREIN AND, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET
FORTH HEREIN OR THEREIN, NEITHER THE SECURED PARTIES NOR ANY DEBTOR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, COVENANT OR UNDERTAKING WITH
RESPECT TO SUCH MATTERS. AS OF THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE
MATTERS DISCUSSED HEREIN. NO PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE AMENDED, MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED OTHER THAN BY AN INSTRUMENT IN WRITING
SIGNED BY THE DEBTORS AND THE SECURED PARTIES.

Signature
pages follow

21

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first
above written.

DEBTORS:

Phoenix
Motor Inc.

By: /s/
Xiaofeng Denton Peng 

Name: Xiaofeng Denton Peng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Phoenix
Cars, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/
Xiaofeng peng 

Name: Xiaofeng peng 

Title: Manager 

Phoenix
Motorcars Leasing, LLC

a
[Delaware] limited liability company

By: /s/
Xiaofeng peng 

Name: Xiaofeng peng 

Title: Manager 

Edison
Future International Co., Ltd.

a
Hong Kong corporation

By: /s/
Xiaofeng peng 

Name: Xiaofeng peng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

LENDER
AND COLLATERAL AGENT:

J.J
ASTOR & CO.

By: 

Michael
R. Pope, CEO

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first
above written.

DEBTORS:

Phoenix
Motor Inc.

By: 

Name: Xiaofeng Denton Peng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Phoenix
Cars, LLC,

a
Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: Manager 

Phoenix
Motorcars Leasing, LLC

a
[Delaware] limited liability company

By: 

Name: 

Title: Manager 

Edison
Future International Co., Ltd.

a
Hong Kong corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

LENDER
AND COLLATERAL AGENT:

J.J
ASTOR & CO.

By: 

/s/
Michael R. Pope, CEO

Michael
R. Pope, CEO

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Joinder

Joinder
to Security Agreement

The
undersigned,________________________ , hereby joins in the execution of that certain Security Agreement dated as of September___, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security Agreement) by and between (1) each subsidiary of Phoenix Motors Inc.
a Delaware corporation (the Company) signatory thereto (each, a Debtor), on the one hand, and (2) Lead Secured
Party, in its capacity as Collateral Agent for the benefit of itself and each of the Lender, on the other (each, together with its respective
successors and assigns, a Secured Party, and collectively the Secured Parties). By executing this Joinder,
the undersigned hereby agrees that it is an additional Debtor under the Security Agreement agrees to be bound by all of the terms
and provisions thereof. The undersigned represents and warrants that the representations and warranties set forth in the Security Agreement
are, with respect to the undersigned, true and correct as of the date hereof.

The
undersigned represents and warrants to Secured Parties that:

(a)
all of the Equipment, Inventory and Goods owned by such Debtor is located at the places as specified on Schedule I and such Debtor
conducts business in the jurisdiction set forth on Schedule I;

(b)
except as disclosed on Schedule I, none of such Collateral is in the possession of any bailee, warehousemen, processor or consignee;

(c)
the chief place of business, chief executive office and the office where such Debtor keeps its books and records are located at the place
specified on Schedule I;

(d)
such Debtor (including any Person acquired by such Debtor) does not do business or has not done business during the past five years under
any tradename or fictitious business name, except as disclosed on Schedule II;

(e)
all Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks owned or licensed by the undersigned are listed in Schedules III, IV and V,
respectively;

(f)
all Commercial Tort Claims of such Debtor are listed on Schedule VI;

(g)
all Equipment (including Motor Vehicles) owned by such debtor are listed on Schedule VII.

[ADDITIONAL DEBTOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

SUBSIDIARIES
GUARANTEE

THIS
SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTEE, dated as of March 14, 2025 (this Guarantee), made by each of to Phoenix Cars, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, Phoenix Motorcars Leasing, LLC a Delaware limited liability company and Edison Future
International Co., Ltd. a Hong Kong corporation (together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as an Additional Guarantors
as provided in Annex 1 hereto (individually, a Guarantor and collectively the Guarantors),
in favor of the J.J. Astor & Co., a Utah corporation (together with its permitted assigns, the Lender),
to that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of March [*], 2025, by and among Phoenix Motor Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and the Lender (the Loan Agreement).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Lender has agreed to make two loans to the Company, (a) an Initial Loan of $4,000,000 to be made
on or before March 26, 2025 and (b) an Additional Loan of $2,000,000 upon the request of the Company (together with the Initial Loan
the Loans) and the Company has agreed to issue to the Lender two senior secured installment promissory notes, in
$5,300,000 Original Principal Amount with respect to the Initial Loan and in $2,650,000 Original Principal Amount with respect to the
Additional Loan, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein (collectively, the Notes); and

WHEREAS,
the Guarantors will directly benefit from the extension of the Loans to the Company represented by the issuance of the Notes;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Lender to enter into the Loan Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated thereby; the Guarantors hereby agrees with the Lender as follows:

1.
Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement and the Notes, when used herein, shall have
the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement and the Notes. The words hereof, herein, hereto
and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and
not to any particular provision of this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified.
The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following
terms shall have the following meanings:

Guarantee
means this Subsidiaries Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Obligations
means, in addition to all other costs and expenses of collection incurred by Lender in enforcing any of such Obligations
(as defined in the Security Agreement) and/or this Guarantee, all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent,
sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company
or any of the Guarantors to the Lender under the Loan Agreement, this Guarantee, the Notes, the Security Agreement and/or any other Transaction
Documents, instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether
nowor hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or
not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred,
and all or any portion of such obligations orliabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered
directly or indirectly from the Lender as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented,
converted, extended or modified from time to time. Withoutlimiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations
shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Notes and the Loans extended pursuant thereto (including the
Default Payments), (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any of the Guarantors
from time to time under or in connection with the Loan Agreement, this Guarantee, the Notes, the other Transaction Documents and any
other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) all covenants and
agreements of the Loans Parties under the Transaction Documents and (iv) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest)
in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not
allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company or any of the Guarantors.

2.
Guarantee.

(a)
Guarantee.

(i)
Each of the undersigned Guarantors does hereby unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally guarantees to the Lender and theirrespective
Affiliates, successors, endorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations.

(ii)
The Guarantors agree that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantors
hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Lender hereunder.

(iii)
The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations
of the Guarantors under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been satisfied by indefeasible payment in full.

(iv)
No payment made by the Company, the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Lender from the
Company, the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation
or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release
or otherwise affect the liability of any of the Guarantors hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment
made by such Guarantors in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantors in respect of the Obligations),
remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantors hereunder until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid
in full.

(v)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guarantee,with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specificperformance
of which by the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g.,the issuance of the Companys Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only
be liable for making the Lender whole on a monetary basis for the Companys failure to perform such Obligations in accordance with
the Transaction Documents.

(b)
Right of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), the Guarantors agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid
more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantors shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from
and against any of the Guarantors hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. The Guarantors right of
contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in
no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any of the Guarantors to the Lender and the Guarantors shall remain liable to the
Lender for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantors hereunder until the indefeasible repayment in full of all amounts owed under
the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the otherTransaction Documents.

(c)
No Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any of the Guarantors hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of
any of the Guarantors bythe Lender, none of the Guarantors shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rightsof the Lender against
the Company or any of the Guarantors or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Lender for the payment of
the Obligations, nor shall any of the Guarantors seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any
of the Guarantors in respect of payments made by such Guarantors hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Lender by the Company on account
of the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any of the Guarantors on account of such subrogation
rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paidin full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantors in trust
for the Lender, segregated from other funds of such Guarantors, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantors, be turned over
to the Lender in the exact form received by such Guarantors (duly indorsed by such Guarantors to the Lender, if required),to be applied
against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in suchorder as the Lender may determine.

(d)
Amendments, Etc. With Respect to he Obligations. The Guarantors shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without
any reservation of rights against any of the Guarantors and without notice to or further assent by any of the Guarantors, any demand
for payment of any of the Obligations made by theLender may be rescinded by the Lender and any of the Obligations continued, and the
Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for anypart thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right
of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended,amended, modified, accelerated, compromised,
waived, surrendered or releasedby the Lender, and the Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed
and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Lender may deem
advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Lender for the payment
of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered orreleased. The Lender shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect
or insure any Lien at any time held by them as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or
any property subject thereto.

(e)
Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional. The Guarantors waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual
of any of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Lender upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance
of the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created,
contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and
all dealings between the Company and the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Lender, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively
presumed tohave been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2. The Guarantors waives to the
extent permitted by law diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company
or the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. The Guarantors understands and agrees that the guarantee contained in this Section
2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guaranteeof payment and performance without regard to: (a) the validity
or enforceabilityof the Loan Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor
or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Lender, (b) any defense, set-off or
counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by Lender) which may at any time be available to or be asserted
by the Company or any other Person against the Lender, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge
of the Company or such Guarantors) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company
for the Obligations, or of such Guarantors under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance.
When making any demand hereunder or otherwisepursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any of the Guarantors, the Lender may,
but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have against the
Company, any of the Guarantors or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations or any right of
offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Lender to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies orto collect
any payments from the Company, any of the Guarantors or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee
or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any of the Guarantors or any other Person or any such collateral
security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any of the Guarantors of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not
impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available asa matter of law, of the Lender against any of the Guarantors.
For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

(f)
Reinstatement. The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shallcontinue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may
be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by
the Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any of the Guarantors, or upon
or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any
of the Guarantors or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

(g)
Payments. The Guarantors hereby guarantees that paymentshereunder will be paid to the Lender without set-off or counterclaim in
U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Loan Agreement.

3.
Representations and Warranties. Each of the Guarantors hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Lender as
of the date hereof:

(a)
Organization and Qualification. Such Guarantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
applicable jurisdiction set of its incorporation or other organization, with the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantors have no Subsidiaries. The Guarantors is
duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing,
as the case may be, could not, individually or in the aggregate,(x) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
of this Guarantee in any material respect, (y) have a material adverse effect on the results ofoperations, assets, prospects, or financial
condition of the Guarantors, or (z) adversely impair in any material respect the Guarantors ability to perform fully on a timely
basis its obligations under this Guarantee (a Material Adverse Effect).

(b)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Guarantors have the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Guarantee, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this
Guarantee by the Guarantors and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been dulyauthorized by all requisite
corporate action on the part of the Guarantors. This Guarantee has been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantors and constitutes
the valid and binding obligation of the Guarantors enforceable against the Guarantors in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting
generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c)
No Conflicts. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules to the Loan Agreement, the execution, delivery and performance of
this Guarantee by the Guarantors and the consummation by the Guarantors of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not:
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or (ii) conflict with, constitute a default
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Guarantors is a party, or (iii) result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court orgovernmental authority to which
the Guarantors is subject (including Federal and State securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of
the Guarantors is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments,
accelerations, cancellations and violations as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The business of the Guarantors is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority,
except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)
Consents and Approvals. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedules to the Loan Agreement, the Guarantors is not required
to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state,
local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantors
of this Guarantee.

(e)
Loan Agreement. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Loan Agreement as they relate to such Guarantors,
each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct asof each time such representations are deemed to be made
pursuant to such Loan Agreement, and the Lender shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth herein, provided
that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Companys knowledge shall, for the purposesof this Section
3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantors knowledge.

(f)
Foreign Law. The Guarantors have consulted with appropriate foreign legal counsel with respect to any of the above representations
for which non-U.S. law is applicable. Such foreign counsel has advised each applicable Guarantors\ that such counsel knows of no reason
why any of the above representations would not be true and accurate. Such foreign counsel was provided with copies of this Subsidiaries
Guarantee and the Transaction Documents prior to rendering their advice.

4.
Covenants.

(a)
Each of the Guarantors covenants and agrees with the Lender that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall
have been indefeasibly paid in full, such Guarantors shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially
reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Notes)
is caused by the failure to take such action or to refrainfrom taking such action by such Guarantors.

(b)
So long as any of the Obligations are outstanding, unless the Lender shall otherwise consent in writing in advance, the Guarantors will
not directly or indirectly on or after the date of this Guarantee:

i.
other than Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Loan Agreement and the Notes), enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property
or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom; other than Permitted Liens, enter
into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or
hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

ii.
amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents without the prior written consent of the Lender in the exercise
of its sole discretion;

iii.
repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of its securities or debt obligations, except as expressly
permitted in the Loan Agreement or the Notes;

iv.
pay cash dividends on any equity securities of such Guarantors other than dividends paid to another Guarantors or to the Company;

v.
enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Guarantors which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing of the Company
with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by the Lender and a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or

vi.
enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

5.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
except in writing by the Lender holding a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Note.

(b)
Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Lender or any of the Guarantors hereunder shall be effected in the manner
provided for in the Loan Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any of the Guarantors shall be addressed
to such Guarantors at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).

(c)
No Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The Lender shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant
toSection 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waivedany right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced
in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part
of the Lender, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
A waiver by the Lender of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which
the Lender would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly
or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law.

(d)
Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.

(i)
The Guarantors agrees to pay, or reimburse the Lender for, all its costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantorsunder
the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the other Transaction
Documents to which such Guarantors is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the
Lender.

(ii)
The Guarantors agrees to pay, and to save the Lender harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay
in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any of
the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee.

(iii)
The Guarantors agrees to pay, and to save the Lender harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties,
actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery,
enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Loan
Agreement.

(iv)
The agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Loan Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents.

(e)
Successor and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Guarantors and shall inure to the
benefit of the Lender and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantors may assign, transfer or delegate any of
its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Lender.

(f)
Set-Off. The Guarantors hereby irrevocably authorizes each Investor at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default
under anyof the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantors or any of the Guarantors,
any such notice being expressly waived by the Guarantors, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness
or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or
owing by such Investor to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantors,or any part thereof in such amounts as such Investor may
elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantors to the Investor hereunder and claims of every nature
and description of such Investor against such Guarantors, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Loan Agreement, any other
Transaction Document or otherwise, as such Investor may elect, whether or not such Investor has made any demand for payment and although
such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. A Investor shall notify such Guarantors and the Agent named
in the Security Agreement promptly of any such set-off and the application made by such Investor of the proceeds thereof, provided that
the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Lender under this Section
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Lender may have.

(g)
Counterparts. This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts
(including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constituteone and the same instrument.

(h)
Severability. Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(i)
Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Guarantee arefor convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction
hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

(j)
Integration. This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Lender with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Lender
relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other TransactionDocuments.

(k)
Governing Laws. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Utah, without regard to the principles of
conflict of laws thereof. The Guarantors agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the federal and state courts sitting in the
County of Salt Lake, Utah (the Utah Courts). The Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Utah Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of this Guarantee), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Utah Courts, or
such Utah Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. The Guarantors hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any such suit, Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Guarantee
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. The Guarantors hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising
out of or relating to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to
enforce any provisions of this Guarantee, then the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action
or Proceeding.

(l)
Acknowledgements. The Guarantors hereby acknowledges that:

(i)
it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, executionand delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party;

(ii)
the Lender has no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any of the Guarantors arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or
anyof the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Lender, on the other hand,
in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

(iii)
no joint venture is created hereby or by the otherTransaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated
hereby among the Guarantors and the Lender.

(m)
Additional Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof
to become a Guarantors for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex
1 hereto. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under the Loans Documents, the Foreign
Subsidiaries of the Company shall become Guarantors for all purposes of this Guarantee and shall execute and deliver the Assumption Agreement
in the form of Annex 1 hereto.

(n)
Release of Guarantors. The Guarantors will be released from all liability hereunder concurrently with the indefeasible repayment
in full of all amounts owed under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the otherTransaction Documents.

(o)
Seniority. The Obligations of each of the Guarantors hereunder rank senior in priority to any other Indebtedness (as defined in
the Loan Agreement) of such Guarantors.

(p)
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH GUARANTOR AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE INVESTORS,
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM
THEREIN.

(q)
Completeness. By its execution of this Guarantee, the Company represents, warrants and covenants that the undersigned entities
designated as Guarantors are all of the Subsidiaries of the Company.

*********************

(Signature
Pages Follow)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

GUARANTOR:

Phoenix
Cars, LLC,

a
[Delaware] limited liability company

By: /s/ Xiaofeng peng 

Name: Xiaofeng peng 

Title: Manager 

Phoenix
Motorcars Leasing, LLC

a
[Delaware] limited liability company

By: /s/ Xiaofeng peng 

Name: Xiaofeng peng 

Title: Manager 

Edison
Future International Co., Ltd.

a
Hong Kong corporation

By: /s/ Xiaofeng peng 

Name: Xiaofeng peng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED
AND AGREED TO:

Phoenix
Motor Inc.

By: /s/ Xiaofeng Denton Peng 

Name: Xiaofeng Denton Peng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Annex
1 to

SUBSIDIARY
GUARANTEE

ASSUMPTION
AGREEMENT, dated as of_____________, 202___is made by______________________, a____________________________________(the
Additional Guarantors), in favor of the Lender pursuant to the Loan Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms
not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Loan Agreement.

W
I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS,
Phoenix Cars, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the Lender have entered into that certain Loan
Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the Loan Agreement, [*] a [Delaware] limited liability corporation and a Subsidiary of the Company have entered
into the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as March 14, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee)
in favor of the Lender;

WHEREAS,
the Loan Agreement requires the Additional Guarantors tobecome a party to the Guarantee; and

WHEREAS,
the Additional Guarantors have agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;

NOW,
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1.
Guarantee. By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantors, as provided in Section 5(m)
of the Guarantee, hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantors thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally
named therein as a Guarantors and, without limiting the generality of theforegoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities
of a Guarantors thereunder. The Additional Guarantors hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties
contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantors (after
giving effect to this Assumption Agreement) as if made on and as of such date.

2.
Governing Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF UTAH.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[SIGNATURE
- ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 14, 2025 by and between Phoenix
Motor Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and J.J. Astor & Co., a Utah corporation (Lender).

This
Agreement is made pursuant to the Loan Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Lender (the Loan
Agreement).

The
Company and the Lender hereby agrees as follows:

1.
Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Loan Agreement or the Note shall have the meanings given such terms
in the Loan Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Allowable
Grace Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(n).

Commission
Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements
or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

Conversion
Shares means the shares of Common Stock of the Company issuable upon full conversion of the unpaid Outstanding Principal Amount
of the Note at the applicable Conversion Price in effect at the time of such conversion.

Default
Registration Statement means the Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement if an Event of Default under the
Note shall occur and is continuing.

Effectiveness
Date means, with respect to

(a)
the Default Registration Statement required hereunder, the 60th calendar day following the date the Lender declares an Event of Default
under the Note which has not been cured,

(b)
the Shelf Registration Statement, no later than the 30th calendar day after the Filing Date (or, in the event of a review
by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the Filing Date); provided, however, that in the event the Company is
notified by the Commission that the Shelf Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and
comments, the Effectiveness Date as to the be the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date of such notification by the Commission,
and

(c)
any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), no later than the
30th calendar day after the need for such additional Registration Statement arises (or, in the event of a review by the
Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided,
however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that the one or more of the above Registration Statements
will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to the Registration Statement
shall be the fifth (5th) calendar day following the date the Lender declares an Event of Default under the Note which has not been cured,
provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the first
Trading Day following such fifth calandar day.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Filing
Date means, with respect to

(a)
the Default Registration Statement required hereunder, the 14th calendar day following the date the Lender declares an Event of Default
under the Note which has not been cured,

(b)
the Shelf Registration Statement, on a date which shall be not more than ninety (90) days following the date of this Agreement, and

(c)
any additional Registration Statements which may be required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), no later
than the 15th calendar day after the need for such additional Registration Statement arises or, if later, the earliest practical date
on which the Company is permitted by Commission Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Notes
shall have the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

Plan
of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). Prospectus means the prospectus
included in the Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted
from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant
to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion
of the Registrable Securities and/or the Bonus Shares covered by the Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements
to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

2

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) the Conversion Shares, (b) if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing,
100% of the Maximum Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of the unpaid Outstanding Principal Amount of the Note based
on the Default Amount and at the applicable Conversion Price as of the date of determination, and (c) any securities issued or then issuable
upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however,
that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the
effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (i) the Registration Statement
with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable
Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Registrable Securities
have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (iii) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed,
delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon
exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time
held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

Registration
Statement means the Default Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant, the Shelf Registration Statement
required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or
Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any the Registration Statement or Prospectus,
including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any the Registration Statement.

Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

3

Warrant
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

2.
Registration Statements.

(a) On
or prior to (i) ninety (90) days from the date of this Agreement the Company shall prepare
and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of Registrable
Securities (the Shelf Registration Statement) and (ii) 14th calendar
day following the date of an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Company
shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of
all of, not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be
made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder
shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the
Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate
form in accordance herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall
contain (unless otherwise directed by at least 85% in interest of the Holders) substantially
the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially
the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B; provided,
however, that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter
without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any Registration Statement filed
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but
in any event no later than the Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable best efforts
to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until
the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have
been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance
with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel
to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable
to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period).
The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of
5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall promptly notify the Holders
via facsimile or by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading
Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall
be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall,
by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration
Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to
so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or
failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section
2(d).

4

(b) Notwithstanding
the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs
the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the operation of
Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement,
the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Default Registration Statement as required by
the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered
by the Commission, on Form S-3 or on such other form available to register for resale the
Registrable Securities as a secondary offering; with respect to filing on Form S-3 or on
such other appropriate form, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect
to the payment of liquidated damages; provided, however, that prior to filing
such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the
Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the
Commission Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
612.09.

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the Commission
or any Commission Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular
Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission
for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its
Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced by reducing
or eliminating any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities. In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall
give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment.
In the event the Company amends the Default Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts
to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or Commission Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of
securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or on such other form available to register for resale those Registrable
Securities that were not registered for resale on the Default Registration Statement, as amended.

5

(c) If:
(i) a Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to the Filing Date, or (ii) the Company
fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement
in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act,
within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing,
whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration
Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing
to comments made by the Commission in respect of the Registration Statement within fifteen
(15) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such
amendment is required in order for the Registration Statement to be declared effective (unless
such comments include a request for additional information concerning a Holder whose shares
are registered for resale in the Registration Statement and the Holder fails to supply information
in response to such comments(s) in sufficient time to enable the Company to respond within
the prescribed time frame), or (iv) the Registration Statement registering for resale all
of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness
Date of the Registration Statement, (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement,
such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to
all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise
not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, subject
to any Allowable Grace Period; or (vi) if the Registration Statement is not effective for
any reason or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason, and
either (x) the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1),
including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement
under Rule 144(c), or (y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i)
or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition
set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) as a result of which any of the Lenders are unable to sell Registrable
Securities without restriction under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions)
(any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes
of clauses (i), (iv) and (vi), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause
(ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause
(iii) the date which such fifteen (15) calendar day period is exceeded being referred to
as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may
have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary
of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date)
until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash,
as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 1.0% multiplied
by the aggregate Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of the such Holders Note.
If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full
within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate
of 12% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable
law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due
until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated
damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion
of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

6

(d) If
Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder,
the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or another
appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as
soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to
name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any Underwriter without the prior written consent
of such Holder.

3.
Registration Procedures.

In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a) Not
less than three (3) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not
less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of
all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and
(ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants
to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective
counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities
Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments
or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall
reasonably object in good faith (or include any Bonus Shares in a Registration Statement
pursuant to Section 6(c)(ii) or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements
thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Bonus Shares shall reasonably object in
good faith), provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later
than two (2) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration
Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related
Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company
a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days
prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date
on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section.

7

(b) (i)
Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post- effective amendments,
to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary
to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the Bonus Shares or the applicable
Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission
such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities
Act all of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares, (ii) cause the related Prospectus
to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms
of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424,
(iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission
with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly
as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from
and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall
excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information
regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects
with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to
the disposition of all Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares covered by such Registration
Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement)
with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration
Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

(c) If
during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds
100% of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement,
then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the
Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not
less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

8

(d) Notify
the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses
(iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus
until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the
case of clause (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and
(if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading
Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies
the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and
whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with
respect to a Registration Statement or any post- effective amendment, when the same has become
effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental
authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for
additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state
governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement
covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares or the initiation of any
Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with
respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of
the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation
or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or
passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement
ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus
or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in
any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus
or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as
the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the
occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company
that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company,
makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration
Statement or Prospectus; provided, however, that in no event shall any such
notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) Use
its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal
of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or
(ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the
Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable
moment.

(f) Furnish
to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement
and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person,
and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished
or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission,
provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto)
need not be furnished in physical form.

(g) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus
and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with
the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares covered by such Prospectus
and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to
Section 3(d).

9

(h) Prior
to any resale of Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares by a Holder, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection
with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification)
of such Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares for the resale by the Holder under the securities
or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder
reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption
therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or
things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable
Securities or Bonus Shares covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company
shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is
not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where
it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i) If
requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and
delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares to be delivered
to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to
the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable
such Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares to be in such denominations and registered in
such names as any such Holder may request.

(j) Upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably
possible under the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith assessment
of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to
a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so
that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance
with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus
until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend
use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the
Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to
exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration
Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise
required pursuant to Section 2(d), for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which
need not be consecutive days) in any 12- month period.

10

(k) Otherwise
use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of
the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation,
Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or
amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly
inform the Holders in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company
does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holders
are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities
or Bonus Shares and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate
the registration of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares hereunder .

(l) The
Company shall maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for
the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares.

(m) The
Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as
to the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company beneficially owned by such Holder
and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive
control over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations
hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares
solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three (3) Trading Days
of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as
to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because
of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered
to the Company.

(n) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section
3(n)), at any time after the Effective Date of a particular Registration Statement, the
Company may, upon written notice to the Holders, suspend the Holders use of
any prospectus that is a part of any Registration Statement (in which event the Holders shall
discontinue sales of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares pursuant to such Registration
Statement contemplated by this Agreement, but shall settle any previously made sales of Registrable
Securities or Bonus Shares) if the Company (x) is pursuing an acquisition, merger, tender
offer, reorganization, disposition or other similar transaction and the Company determines
in good faith that (A) the Companys ability to pursue or consummate such a transaction
would be materially adversely affected by any required disclosure of such transaction in
such Registration Statement or other registration statement or (B) such transaction renders
the Company unable to comply with Commission requirements, in each case under circumstances
that would make it impractical or inadvisable to cause any Registration Statement (or such
filings) to be used by Holder or to promptly amend or supplement any Registration Statement
contemplated by this Agreement on a post effective basis, as applicable, or (y) has experienced
some other material non-public event the disclosure of which at such time, in the good faith
judgment of the Company, would materially adversely affect the Company (each, an Allowable
Grace Period); provided, however, that in no event shall the Holders be suspended
from selling Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares pursuant to any Registration Statement
for a period that exceeds ten (10) consecutive Trading Days or an aggregate of thirty (30)
Trading Days in any 365-day period; and provided, further, the Company shall not effect any
such suspension during the first ten (10) consecutive Trading Days after the Effective Date
of the particular Registration Statement. Upon disclosure of such information or the termination
of the condition described above, the Company shall provide prompt notice, but in any event
within one Business Day of such disclosure or termination, to the Holders and shall promptly
terminate any suspension of sales it has put into effect and shall take such other reasonable
actions to permit registered sales of Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares as contemplated
in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section
3(n), the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver shares of Common Stock free
of restrictive legends to a transferee of a Holder in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities or Bonus Shares with respect to which such Holder has entered into a contract
for sale, and delivered a copy of the Prospectus included as part of the particular Registration
Statement to the extent applicable, in each case prior to such Holders receipt of
the notice of an Allowable Grace Period and for which the Holder has not yet settled.

11

4.
Registration Expenses.

All
fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in
the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and
expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission,
(B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Eligible Market on which shares of Common Stock of the Company are then listed
for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including,
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for
Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other
Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition,
the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting
duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities
or Bonus Shares on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar
commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

5.
Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement,
indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents,
brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares as principal
as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of shares of Common
Stock of the Company), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or
any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers,
directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of
such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus
or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case
of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder,
in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the
extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely
upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder
expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder
or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities or Bonus
Shares and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use
in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it
being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in
the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)(vi),
the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after
the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective
or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of
notice of an Allowable Grace Period. The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the
institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity
shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf
of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities or
Bonus Shares by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

(b) Indemnification
by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless
the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the
Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange
Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to
the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to
any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only
to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so
furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in a Registration
Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information
relates to such Holders information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire
or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares and was
reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration
Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this
purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the
liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds
(net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section
5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason
of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable
Securities or Bonus Shares included in a Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification
obligation.

12

(c) Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against
any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such
Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying
Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the
defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof,
provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except
(and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
(which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall
have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to
any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to
the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing
that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to
assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to
the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section)
shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided
that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such
actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject
to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

13

(d) Contribution.
If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified
Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying
Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified
Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying
Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates
to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties
relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable
attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any
Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses
if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance
with its terms.

The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by
pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in
the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares
be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating
to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares giving rise
to such contribution obligation.

The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have
to the Indemnified Parties.

14

6.
Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies.
In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations
under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery
of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement.
Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate
compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions
of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific
performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) No
Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements. Neither
the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant
hereto) may include securities of the Company in the Registration Statements other than the
Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares. The Company shall not file any other registration
statements until all Registrable Securities and Bonus Shares are registered pursuant to the
Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section
6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements
filed prior to the date of this Agreement.

(c) Piggy-Back
Registrations.

(i) If,
at any time during the Effectiveness Period, there is not an effective Registration Statement
covering all of the Registrable Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and
file with the Commission a registration tatement relating to an offering for its own account
or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other
than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then
equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition
of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys
stock option or other employee benefit plans, then the Company shall deliver to each Holder
a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen days after the date of the
delivery of such notice, any such Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include
in such registration statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such Holder
requests to be registered; provided, however, that the Company shall not be
required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 6(c)(i) that
are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (without volume restrictions or current public
information requirements) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or
that are the subject of a then effective Registration Statement that is available for resales
or other dispositions by such Holder.

15

(ii) If,
at any time on or following the Closing Date, there is not an effective Registration Statement
covering all of the Bonus Shares and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with
the Commission a registration tatement relating to an offering for its own account or the
account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other than on
Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents
relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any
entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock
option or other employee benefit plans, then the Company shall deliver to each Holder a written
notice of such determination and, if within fifteen days after the date of the delivery of
such notice, any such Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such
registration statement all or any part of such Bonus Shares such Holder requests to be registered;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to register any Bonus
Shares pursuant to this Section 6(c)(ii) that are the subject of a then effective
Registration Statement that is available for resales or other dispositions by such Holder.

(d) Amendments
and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence,
may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from
the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by
the Company and the Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities
and Bonus Shares (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities
issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent
of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a
Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares
pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the
number of Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares to be registered for each Holder shall be
reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which
of its Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares shall be omitted from such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with
respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and
that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only
by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities or Bonus Shares to which such
waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence
may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of
the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement
unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

(e) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided
hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors
and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder.
The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities
and or Bonus Shares. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner
and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.6 of the Purchase Agreement.

(g) No
Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered,
as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the
date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would
have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise
conflicts with the provisions hereof. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any
of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h) Execution
and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of
which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a PDF format
data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such
facsimile or PDF signature page were an original thereof.

(i) Reserved.

(j) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Purchase Agreement.

16

(k) Cumulative
Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other
remedies provided by law.

(l) Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall
in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially
the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It
is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have
executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any
of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(m) Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the
Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(n) Independent
Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder
shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder
hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any
closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to
constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert
or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are
not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with
respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and
enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement,
and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in
any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations
of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision
of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it
was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that
each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and
not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

[Signature
pages follow.]

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

Phoenix Motor Inc.

By: /s/ Xiaofeng Denton Peng

Name: Xiaofeng Denton Peng

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
page of Holders follows.]

[Signature
page of Holders to Phoenix Motor Inc. RRA]

Name of Holder: J.J. Astor &
Co.

Signature of Authorized Signatory
of Holder: /s/ Michael Pope

Name
of Authorized Signatory: Michael Pope

Title
of Authorized Signatory: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
pages continue.]

ANNEX
A

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION

Each
Selling Stockholder (the Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest
may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the Principal Market or any other stock exchange, market
or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices.
A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary
brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block
trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position
and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases
by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an
exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately
negotiated transactions;

settlement
of short sales made in compliance with the securities purchase agreement among the Company
and the Selling Stockholders;

in
transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified
number of such securities at a stipulated price per security;

through
the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options
exchange or otherwise;

a
combination of any such methods of sale; or

any
other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The
Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Broker-dealers
engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions
or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser)
in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in
excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2440; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or
markdown in compliance with FINRA IM-2440.

In
connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they
assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short, subject to the terms of the securities purchase agreement between the
Company and the Selling Stockholders, and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities
to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with
broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer
or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution
may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The
Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters
within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers
or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts
under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

The
Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company
has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act.

We
agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders
without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar
effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule
of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable
state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered
or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is
complied with.

Under
applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to the shares of Common Stock of the Company for the applicable restricted period, as
defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable
provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases
and sales of shares of Common Stock of the Company by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus
available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or
prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

2

ANNEX
B

SELLING
STOCKHOLDERS

The
shares of Common Stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those issuable to the selling stockholders pursuant to the terms
of the Companys promissory note. For additional information regarding the issuance of those Note, see Loan Agreement
above. We are registering shares of Common Stock in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time
to time. Except for the ownership of the note, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past
three years.

The
table below lists the selling shareholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of Common Stock by
each of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company beneficially owned by each
selling shareholder, based on its ownership of the Note, as of ______, 202_, assuming the conversion of the Note held by the selling
stockholders on that date, without regard to any limitations on conversion.

The
third column lists the shares of Common Stock of the Company being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders.

In
accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale
of the the maximum number of shares of Common Stock of the Company issuable pursuant to the Note determined as if the unpaid principal
amount of the Note was converted in full was exercised in full as of the trading day immediately preceding the date this registration
statement was initially filed with the Commission, each as of the trading day immediately preceding the applicable date of determination
and all subject to adjustment as provided in the registration right agreement, without regard to any limitations on conversion in the
Note. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus.

Under
the terms of the Note, a selling stockholder may not be issued shares under the Note to the extent such issuance would cause such selling
stockholder, together with its affiliates and attribution parties, to beneficially own a number of shares which would exceed 9.99% of
our then outstanding shares following such conversion of the Note. The number of shares in the second column does not reflect this limitation.
The selling stockholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name
of Selling

Stockholder 

Number
of Shares

Owned
Prior to

Offering 

Maximum

Number
of Shares

to
be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus 

Number
of

Shares
Owned

After
Offering

2

ANNEX
C

PHOENIX
MOTOR INC.

SELLING
STOCKHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE

The
undersigned beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock of Phoemix Motor Inc. (the Company), understands that the
Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) the Registration
Statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities or the Bonus Shares, in accordance with the terms
of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy
of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain
legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly,
holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities or the Bonus Shares are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding
the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The
undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable
Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement.

The
undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1.
Name.

(a) Full
Legal Name of Selling Stockholder:

(b) Full
Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable
Securities and/or Bonus Shares are held:

(c) Full
Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly
alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2.
Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

_______________________________________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________________________________

Telephone:_________________________ 

Fax:______________________________ 

Contact Person:_____________________ 

3.
Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are
you a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

2

(b) If
yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities and/or
the Bonus Shares as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes
No 

Note: If no to Section
3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are
you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

(d) If
you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable
Securities and/or and the Bonus Shares in the ordinary course of business, and at the time
of the purchase of the Registrable Securities and/or Bonus Shares to be resold, you had no
agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable
Securities?

Yes
No 

Note: If no to Section
3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4.
Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except
as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than
the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type
and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder (including whether
such securities are Registrable Securities and/or Bonus Shares):

3

5.
Relationships with the Company:

Except
as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with
the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

The
undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may
occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall
not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By
signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and
the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.
The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment
of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either
in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date:___________________________ Beneficial Owner:
___________________________

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE
FAX A COPY (OR EMAIL A PDF COPY) OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Phoenix
Motor Announces $6 Million Loan Financing Agreement to Support Expansion and Production Growth

ANAHEIM,
CA March 19, 2025 Phoenix Motor Inc. (Nasdaq: PEV), a leading manufacturer of heavy-duty transit buses and electrification
solutions provider for medium-duty vehicles, today announced it has secured a $6 million loan financing agreement with J.J. Astor &
Co. The funding will support Phoenix Motors expansion efforts, including increased operations and production to fulfill pending
orders for electric transit buses.

We
are pleased to secure this strategic financing which will enable us to ramp up production and fulfill key transit bus orders,
said Denton Peng, CEO of Phoenix Motor. As the demand for electric commercial vehicles continues to grow, this investment strengthens
our position in the market and supports our mission to accelerate the transition to sustainable transportation. We appreciate the confidence
J.J. Astor & Co. has shown in our business and look forward to executing on our growth plans.

Under
the agreement, J.J. Astor & Co. will provide up to $6 million in two tranches, with an initial funding of $4 million and an additional
$2 million available upon approval. The senior secured convertible promissory notes will enhance the companys ability to scale
production and meet growing market demand for zero-emission transportation solutions.

The
commercial electric vehicle market is projected to grow at a 26.4% compound annual growth rate (CAGR), reaching $55.9 billion by 2029.
As an early leader in electric commercial vehicle manufacturing, Phoenix Motor remains committed to delivering high-quality solutions
to transit agencies, municipalities, corporate fleets, and other key customers seeking to transition to zero-emission transportation.

About
Phoenix Motor Inc.

Phoenix
Motor, a pioneer in the electric vehicle (EV) industry, designs, builds, and integrates electric drive systems and manufactures
heavy duty transit buses and medium and light duty commercial EVs. Phoenix operates two primary brands, Phoenix, which
is focused on commercial products including heavy and medium duty EVs (transit buses, shuttle buses, school buses and delivery trucks,
among others) and EdisonFuture, which intends to offer light-duty EVs. Phoenix endeavors to be a leading designer, developer
and manufacturer of electric vehicles and electric vehicle technologies. To learn more, please visit: phoenixev.ai.

About
J.J. Astor & Co.

J.J.
Astor & Co. is a lending platform providing short-term bridge lending to growth-oriented companies in the lower middle market. Loan
facilities range from $500 thousand to $30 million for growth events including mergers and acquisitions, equipment and asset acquisition,
strategic investments, listings on public markets and more. For more information, visit www.jjastor.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve
significant risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified through the use of words such as may,
might, will, intend, should, could, can, would,
continue, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, predict,
outlook, potential, plan, seek, and similar expressions and variations or the
negatives of these terms or other comparable terminology. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which reflect the Companys current expectations and speak only as of the date of this release. Actual results may
differ materially from the Companys current expectations depending upon a number of factors. These risk factors include, among
others, those related to our ability to raise additional capital necessary to grow our business, operations and business and financial
performance, our ability to grow demand for our products and revenue, our ability to become profitable, our ability to have access to
an adequate supply of parts and materials and other critical components for our vehicles on the timeline we expect, the coronavirus (COVID-19)
and the effects of the outbreak and actions taken in connection therewith, adverse changes in general economic and market conditions,
competitive factors including but not limited to pricing pressures and new product introductions, uncertainty of customer acceptance
of new product offerings and market changes, risks associated with managing the growth of the business, and those other risks and uncertainties
that are described in the Risk Factors section of the Companys annual report filed on Form 10-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any responsibility to revise or update any forward-looking
statements.

Contact:
IR@phoenixev.ai

Dave
Gentry, CEO RedChip Companies, Inc.1-407-644-4256 PEV@redchip.com

SOURCE:
Phoenix Motor Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pev-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>pev-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>pev-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41414

Entity Registrant Name Phoenix
Motor Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001879848

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-4319789

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1500
Lakeview Loop

Entity Address, City or Town Anaheim

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92807

City Area Code (909)

Local Phone Number 987-0815

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0004

Trading Symbol PEV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://phoenixmotorinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
pev-20250314.xsd 
pev-20250314_lab.xml 
pev-20250314_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-000088-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001879848 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001879848 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
Phoenix Motor Inc. 
DE 
001-41414 
85-4319789 
1500 Lakeview Loop 
Anaheim 
CA 
92807 
(909) 
987-0815 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0004 
PEV 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>