<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-037910.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-037910.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227091119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-037910
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HashiCorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				320410665
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41121
		FILM NUMBER:		25673484

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 2ND STREET, SUITE 700
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-301-3227

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 2ND STREET, SUITE 700
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d898526d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001720671--01-3100017206712025-02-272025-02-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 27, 2025

HashiCorp, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-41121 32-0410665

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

101 Second Street 

Suite 700 

San Francisco, California 94105

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (415)301-3250

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.000015 per share HCP The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed in connection with the consummation on February 27, 2025 (the Closing Date) of the transaction contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 24, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among International Business Machines Corporation, a New York corporation (IBM), McCloud Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM (Sub), and HashiCorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (HashiCorp). 

On the Closing Date, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sub merged with and into HashiCorp (the Merger), with HashiCorp surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM (the Surviving Corporation). 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), which time occurred on the Closing Date, each share of HashiCorps Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock) and Class B common stock (the Class B Common Stock, and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject to certain customary exceptions specified in the Merger Agreement) was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive $35.00 in cash, without interest (the Per Share Price), subject to applicable withholding taxes. 

The information set forth in this Introductory Note is incorporated by reference into each item of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

At the Effective Time, HashiCorps equity awards were treated as follows: 

Each option to purchase shares of Common Stock (each, a HashiCorp Option) (whether vested or unvested) that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and that had an exercise price less than the Per Share Price was canceled in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash, subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (1) the total number of shares of Common Stock covered by such HashiCorp Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (2) the excess of (A) the Per Share Price over (B) the per share exercise price of such HashiCorp Option. 

Each HashiCorp Option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that had an exercise price equal to or greater than the Per Share Price was canceled for no consideration. 

Each restricted stock unit covering shares of Common Stock subject to only service-based vesting conditions (each, a HashiCorp RSU) that was (A) held by any person who, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, was a non-employee director, consultant or independent contractor of HashiCorp or any of its subsidiaries (whether or not such HashiCorp RSU was vested or unvested) or (B) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (to the extent that such HashiCorp RSU was vested and unsettled), in each case, was canceled in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash, subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (1) the Per Share Price multiplied by (2) the total number of shares of Common Stock covered by such HashiCorp RSU. The HashiCorp RSUs contemplated by this bullet are each referred to as a Cashed-Out HashiCorp RSU. 

Each outstanding HashiCorp RSU that was not a HashiCorp Cashed-Out RSU (each, a Rollover HashiCorp RSU) was converted into an IBM restricted stock unit (an IBM RSU) representing a number of shares of IBM common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying (1) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Rollover HashiCorp RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time by (2) the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement). Such IBM RSUs are subject to substantially the same terms and conditions (including the same vesting and acceleration terms, as applicable) as were applicable to the Rollover HashiCorp RSUs. 

Each restricted stock unit covering shares of Common Stock subject to both service-based and performance-based vesting conditions (each, a HashiCorp PSU) that was held by any person who, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, was a non-employee director, consultant or independent contractor of HashiCorp or any of its subsidiaries (whether or not such HashiCorp PSU was vested or unvested) was canceled in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash, subject to applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of (1) the Per Share Price multiplied by (2) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such HashiCorp PSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (with any performance conditions deemed to be achieved at the target level). The HashiCorp PSUs contemplated by this bullet are each referred to as a Cashed-Out HashiCorp PSU. 

Each HashiCorp PSU that was not a Cashed-Out HashiCorp PSU (each, a Rollover HashiCorp PSU) was converted into an IBM RSU representing a number of shares of IBM common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying (1) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Rollover HashiCorp PSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (with any performance conditions deemed to be achieved at the target level) by (2) the Exchange Ratio. Such IBM RSUs are subject to substantially the same terms and conditions (including the same vesting and acceleration terms, as applicable) as were applicable to the Rollover HashiCorp PSU, except that any performance-based vesting schedule was converted into a service based-vesting schedule. 

The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement contained in this Item 2.01 does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to HashiCorps Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by HashiCorp with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 24, 2024. Such exhibit is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

On the Closing Date, the Surviving Corporation notified The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that Nasdaq delist the Common Stock on the Closing Date. As a result, trading of the Common Stock on Nasdaq was suspended prior to the opening of trading on Nasdaq on the Closing Date. On the Closing Date, the Surviving Corporation also requested that Nasdaq file a notification of removal from listing and registration on Form 25 with the SEC to effect the delisting of the Common Stock from Nasdaq and the deregistration of the Common Stock pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

Following the effectiveness of the Form 25, the Surviving Corporation intends to file with the SEC a certification and notice of termination on Form 15 to terminate the registration of the Class A Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and suspend HashiCorps reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to Class A Common Stock. As a result, the Class A Common Stock will no longer be listed on Nasdaq. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

At the Effective Time, the holders of shares of Common Stock ceased to have any rights as stockholders of HashiCorp, other than the right to receive the Per Share Price. 

Item 5.01 

Change in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, at the Effective Time, a change in control of HashiCorp occurred and Sub has been merged with and into HashiCorp, with HashiCorp continuing as the surviving corporation and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of IBM. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangement. 

At the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, David McJannet, Armon Memaran-Dadgar, Glenn Solomon, Susan St. Ledger, Todd Ford, Sigal Zarmi and David Henshall, each of whom was a director of HashiCorp as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, ceased to be a director of HashiCorp and a member of any committee of HashiCorps Board of Directors. At the Effective Time, Hiroki Minawa, J. Eric Reed and Sarah Sisney became the directors of HashiCorp. 

At the Effective Time, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, David McJannet, Paul Warenski and Werner Schwok, each of whom was an officer of HashiCorp as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, ceased to be an officer of HashiCorp. At the Effective Time, Tarun Chopra, Jose Pires, Mark Hobbert, Sarah Sisney, Michael Barbosa, Pam McMinn and Catherine Buckley became officers of HashiCorp. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of HashiCorp, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger, was amended and restated to be in the form of the certificate of incorporation filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference. 

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the bylaws of HashiCorp, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger, were amended and restated to be in the form of the bylaws filed herewith as Exhibit 3.2. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On the Closing Date, IBM issued a press release announcing the closing of the Merger. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 24, 2024, by and among International Business Machines Corporation, McCloud Merger Sub, Inc. and HashiCorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to HashiCorps Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2024)* 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of HashiCorp, Inc. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of HashiCorp, Inc. 

99.1 Press Release, dated February 27, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Certain exhibits and schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. HashiCorp will furnish copies of such exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 27, 2025 HashiCorp, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Sarah Sisney

Name: Sarah Sisney

Title: Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d898526dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

of 

HASHICORP, INC.

1. Name. The name of the corporation is HashiCorp, Inc. (the Corporation). 

2. Address; Registered Office and Agent. The name and address of the Corporations
registered agent is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, New Castle County. 

3. Purpose. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). 

4.
Number of Shares. The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 10,000, all of which shall be shares of Common Stock with the par value of $0.001 per share.

The Corporation may issue fractional shares of Common Stock. The holders of fractional shares shall be entitled to all rights as
stockholders of the Corporation to the extent provided herein and under applicable law in respect of such fractional shares. 

5.
Election of Directors. Unless and except to the extent that the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws) shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot. 

6. Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended or
modified from time to time, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability
or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. If the DGCL is amended hereafter to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of directors, then the liability of a director
of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal, modification or elimination of this Section 6 shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the
Corporation existing at the time of such repeal, modification or elimination with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal, modification or elimination. 

7. Indemnification. 

7.1 Indemnification of Corporate Agents. Subject to any provisions of the Bylaws related to indemnification, the Corporation may
indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any person who was or is a party to or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by
such person in connection with any proceeding mentioned in this Section 7. 

7.2 Repeal or Modification. Neither any amendment
or repeal of this Section 7, nor the adoption of any provision of the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Section 7, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Section 7 in
respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Section 7, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. 

8.
Adoption, Amendment or Repeal of Bylaws. In furtherance of and in limitation to the powers conferred by statute, the Board is expressly authorized
to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. 

9. Meetings of Stockholders. Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the
State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board or in the Bylaws. 

10. Certificate Amendments. The Corporation reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to amend or repeal any provision
contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and add other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by applicable law; and all rights,
preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended) are granted subject to the rights reserved
in this Article.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d898526dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

HASHICORP, INC.

(THE CORPORATION) 

ARTICLE I 

Meetings of
Stockholders: Stockholders 

Consent in Lieu of Meeting 

SECTION 1.01. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, and for the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place, date and hour as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors and designated in the notice or waiver of notice thereof; except that no annual meeting need be held
if all actions, including the election of directors, required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) to be taken at a stockholders annual meeting are taken by written consent in lieu of meeting
pursuant to Section 1.03 of this Article. 

SECTION 1.02. Special Meetings. A special meeting of the stockholders for any
purpose or purposes may be called by the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation or a stockholder or stockholders holding of record at least a majority of the shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Corporation (Common Stock) issued and outstanding, such meeting to be held at such place, date and hour as shall be designated in the notice or waiver of notice thereof. 

SECTION 1.03. Stockholders Consent in Lieu of Meeting. 

(a) Any action required by the laws of the State of Delaware to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the
Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed
by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 

(b) Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those
stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient
number of holders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided in Section 228 of the DGCL. In the event that the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any provision of
the DGCL if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, the certificate filed under such provision shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such provision concerning any vote of stockholders, that written consent has
been given in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 

2 

SECTION 1.04. Quorum and Adjournment. Except as otherwise provided by law, by
the certificate of incorporation (as it may be amended, supplemented, modified or restated from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation) of the Corporation or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of the
holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the stock issued and outstanding, entitled to vote thereat, shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of stockholders. If, however,
such a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of stockholders, then either (i) the chairperson of the meeting or (ii) the stockholders present at the meeting, although less than a quorum, shall have the power to adjourn the
meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. 

SECTION 1.05. Required Vote. When a quorum is present at any meeting of stockholders: (a) at all meetings of stockholders for
the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect, and (b) for all other elections and questions, the affirmative vote of the majority of the aggregate voting power of the shares present in person or
represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall constitute the act of the stockholders, unless by express provision of law, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws a different vote is
required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control. 

SECTION 1.06. Manner of Voting. At each meeting of
stockholders, each shareholder having the right to vote shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy. Proxies need not be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation until the meeting is called to order, but shall be filed before being voted.
Each shareholder shall be entitled to vote each share of stock having voting power registered in his or her name on the books of the Corporation on the record date fixed, as provided in Section 6.07 of Article VI hereof, for the
determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, with a proportionate vote for any fractional share. No election of directors need be by written ballot. 

3 

ARTICLE II 

Board of Directors 

SECTION 2.01. General Powers. The management of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in the Board of Directors, which
may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

SECTION 2.02. Number and Term of Office. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be
fixed from time to time by a vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors. The term whole Board of Directors is used herein to refer to the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no
vacancies. Directors need not be stockholders. Each director shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death or resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. No reduction of the
authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that directors term of office expires. 

SECTION 2.03. Resignation, Removal and Vacancies. Any director may resign at any time by giving written notice of his or her
resignation to the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time be not specified, upon receipt
thereof; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

Any
director or the whole Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors or by written consent of the stockholders pursuant to
Section 1.03 of Article I hereof. 

4 

Vacancies in the Board of Directors and newly created directorships resulting from any
increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 

If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation shall have no directors in office, then any officer or any
shareholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a shareholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a shareholder, may call a special meeting in accordance with the provisions of the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, or may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the DGCL. 

SECTION 2.04. Meetings.

(a) Annual Meeting. As soon as practicable after each annual election of directors, the Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose
of organization and the transaction of other business, unless it shall have transacted all such business by written consent pursuant to Section 2.05 of this Article. 

(b) Other Meetings. Other meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places as the Board of Directors, the
Chairperson of the Board of Directors or the President shall from time to time determine. 

5 

(c) Notice of Meetings. The Secretary of the Corporation shall give notice to each
director of each meeting, including the time, place and purpose of such meeting. Notice of each such meeting shall be mailed to each director, addressed to him or her at his or her residence or usual place of business, at least two days before the
day on which such meeting is to be held, or shall be sent to him or her at such place by telegraph, cable, wireless or other form of recorded communication, or be delivered personally or by telephone not later than the day before the day on which
such meeting is to be held, but notice need not be given to any director who shall attend such meeting. A written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time of the meeting stated therein, shall be
deemed equivalent to notice. 

(d) Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors may hold its meetings at such place or places within
or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, or as shall be designated in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof. 

(e) Quorum and Manner of Acting. One third of the total number of directors then in office (but not less than two) shall be present in
person at any meeting of the Board of Directors in order to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting, and the vote of a majority of those directors present at any such meeting at which a quorum is present shall be
necessary for the passage of any resolution or act of the Board of Directors, except as otherwise expressly required by law or these Bylaws. In the absence of a quorum for any such meeting, a majority of the directors present thereat may adjourn
such meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present. 

6 

(f) Organization. At each meeting of the Board of Directors, one of the following
shall act as chairperson of the meeting and preside, in the following order of precedence: 

(i) the Chairperson of the
Board of Directors; 

(ii) the President (if the President shall be a member of the Board of Directors at such time); and

(iii) any director chosen by a majority of the directors present. 

The Secretary of the Corporation or, in the case of his or her absence, any person (who shall be an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, if
an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation is present) whom the Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall appoint shall act as secretary of such meeting and keep the minutes thereof. 

SECTION 2.05. Directors Consent in Lieu of Meeting. Action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of
Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes or the proceedings of
the Board of Directors or committee. 

SECTION 2.06. Action by Means of Conference Telephone or Similar Communications
Equipment. Any one or more members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or any such committee by means of conference telephone or similar
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

7 

ARTICLE III 

Committees of the Board 

SECTION 3.01. Appointment of Executive Committee. The Board of Directors may from time to time by resolution passed by a majority
of the whole Board of Directors designate from its members an Executive Committee to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Executive Committee shall be designated by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
may designate one or more directors as alternate members of the Executive Committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member or members at any meeting of the Executive Committee. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to
change the membership of the Executive Committee, to fill all vacancies in it and to discharge it, either with or without cause. 

SECTION 3.02. Procedures of Executive Committee. The Executive Committee, by a vote of a majority of its members, shall fix by
whom its meetings may be called and the manner of calling and holding its meetings, shall determine the number of its members requisite to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and shall prescribe its own rules of procedure, no change
in which shall be made except by a majority vote of its members or by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 3.03. Powers of Executive
Committee. During the intervals between the meetings of the Board of Directors, unless otherwise determined from time to time by resolution passed by the whole Board of Directors, the Executive Committee shall possess and may exercise all the
powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management and direction of the business and affairs of the Corporation to the extent permitted by the DGCL, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may
require it, except that the Executive Committee shall not have power or authority in reference to: 

(a) amending the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation; 

8 

(b) adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation; 

(c) recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporations property and assets;

(d) recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution; 

(e) submitting to stockholders of the Corporation any action which pursuant to the DGCL requires shareholder approval; 

(f) creating or filling vacancies in the Board of Directors or in any committee or fixing compensation of members of the Board of Directors
for serving on the Board of Directors or on any committee; 

(g) amending or repealing these Bylaws; 

(h) declaring a dividend or authorizing the issuance of stock; or 

(i) amending or repealing any resolution of the Board of Directors which by its terms is not so amendable or repealable. 

SECTION 3.04. Reports of Executive Committee. The Executive Committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings, and all
action by the Executive Committee shall be reported promptly to the Board of Directors. Such action shall be subject to review by the Board of Directors, provided that no rights of third parties shall be affected by such review. 

9 

SECTION 3.05. Other Committees. The Board of Directors, by resolution adopted by
a majority of the whole Board of Directors, may designate from among its members one or more other committees, each of which shall have such authority of the Board of Directors as may be specified in the resolution of the Board of Directors
designating such committee; provided, however, that any such committee so designated shall not have any powers not allowed to the Executive Committee under Section 3.03 of this Article. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to
change the members of any such committee, designate alternate members of any such committee and fill vacancies therein; and any such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE IV 

Officers 

SECTION 4.01. Executive Officers. The executive officers of the Corporation shall be a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer and
may include a Chairperson of the Board of Directors, one or more Vice Presidents and one or more Assistant Secretaries or Assistant Treasurers. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 

SECTION 4.02. Authority and Duties. All officers, as between themselves and the Corporation, shall have such authority and perform
such duties in the management of the Corporation as may be provided in these Bylaws or, to the extent not so provided, by the Board of Directors. 

10 

SECTION 4.03. Subordinate Officers. The Board of Directors may appoint, or
empower the Chief Executive Officer or the President to appoint, such other officers and agents as the business of the Corporation may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have such authority and perform such
duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

SECTION 4.04. Term of
Office, Resignation and Removal. All officers shall be elected or appointed by the Board of Directors and shall hold office for such term as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, shall be
elected or appointed from among the members of the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor has been elected or appointed and qualified or his or her earlier death or resignation or removal in the manner
hereinafter provided. The Board of Directors may require any officer to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties. 

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the President or the Secretary of the Corporation, and such resignation shall
take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time when it shall become effective is not specified therein, at the time it is accepted by action of the Board of Directors. Except as aforesaid, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective. 

All officers and agents elected or appointed by the Board of Directors shall be subject to removal at any
time by the Board of Directors with or without cause. 

11 

SECTION 4.05. Vacancies. If an office becomes vacant for any reason, the Board
of Directors shall fill such vacancy or as set forth in Section 4.04. Any officer so appointed or elected by the Board of Directors shall serve only until such time as the unexpired term of his or her predecessor shall have expired unless
reelected or reappointed by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4.06. Chairperson of the Board of Directors. If there shall be a
Chairperson of the Board of Directors, he or she shall preside at meetings of the Board of Directors and of the stockholders at which he or she is present, and shall give counsel and advice to the Board of Directors and the officers of the
Corporation on all subjects touching the welfare of the Corporation and the conduct of its business. He or she shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Except as otherwise provided by resolution of
the Board of Directors he or she shall be ex officio a member of all committees of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4.07. The
President. The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and, unless the Chairperson of the Board of Directors be present or the Board of Directors has provided otherwise by resolution, he or she shall preside at all
meetings of the Board of Directors and the stockholders at which he or she is present except, in the case of a meeting of the Board of Directors, if the President is not a member of the Board of Directors at such time. He or she shall have general
and active management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation subject to the control of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, if any, and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors and the
Executive Committee, if any, are carried into effect. 

12 

SECTION 4.08. Vice Presidents. The Vice President of the Corporation, if any, or
if there be more than one, the Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority or in any other order determined by the Board of Directors; shall, in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
President, and shall generally assist the President and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors or the President shall prescribe. 

SECTION 4.09. The Secretary. The Secretary of the Corporation shall, to the extent practicable, attend all meetings of the Board
of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and shall record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. He or she shall give, or
cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the President, under whose supervision he or she shall perform such
duties. He or she shall keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation and affix the same to any duly authorized instrument requiring it and, when so affixed, it shall be attested by his or her signature or by the signature of the Treasurer or an
Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer. He or she shall keep in safe custody the certificate books and shareholder records and such other books and records as the Board of Directors may direct and shall perform all other duties as from time to
time may be assigned to him or her by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the President or the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4.10. Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, if any, or if there be more than one, the
Assistant Secretaries in order of their seniority or in any other order determined by the Board of Directors shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary of the Corporation, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary of the
Corporation and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors or the Secretary of the Corporation shall prescribe. 

13 

SECTION 4.11. The Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the care and custody of
the corporate funds and other valuable effects, including securities, and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects to the name
and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such
disbursements, and shall render to the President and directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may require it, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the
Corporation; and, in general, perform all the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the President or the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4.12. Assistant Treasurers. The Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation, if any, or if there be more than one, the
Assistant Treasurers in the order of their seniority or in any other order determined by the Board of Directors, shall in the absence or disability of the Treasurer perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such
other duties as the Board of Directors or the Treasurer shall prescribe. 

14 

ARTICLE V 

Contracts, Checks, Drafts, Bank Accounts, etc. 

SECTION 5.01. Execution of Documents. The Board of Directors shall designate the officers, employees and agents of the Corporation
who shall have power to execute and deliver deeds, contracts, mortgages, bonds, debentures, checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money and other documents for and in the name of the Corporation, and may authorize such officers,
employees and agents to delegate such power (including authority to redelegate) by written instrument to other officers, employees or agents of the Corporation; and, unless so designated or expressly authorized by these Bylaws, no officer or agent
or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable pecuniarily for any purpose or to any amount. 

SECTION 5.02. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of
the Corporation or otherwise as the Board of Directors or Treasurer or any other officer of the Corporation to whom power in this respect shall have been given by the Board of Directors shall select. 

SECTION 5.03. Proxies in Respect of Stock or Other Securities of Other Corporations. The Board of Directors shall designate the
officers of the Corporation who shall have authority from time to time to appoint an agent or agents of the Corporation to exercise in the name and on behalf of the Corporation the powers and rights which the Corporation may have as the holder of
stock or other securities in any other corporation, and to vote or consent in respect of such stock or securities; such designated officers may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of exercising such powers and rights; and
such designated officers may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal, or otherwise, such written proxies, powers of attorney or other instruments as they may deem necessary or proper
in order that the Corporation may exercise its said powers and rights. 

15 

ARTICLE VI 

Shares and Their Transfer; Fixing Record Date 

SECTION 6.01. Certificates for Shares. Every owner of stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate certifying
the number and class of shares or fraction thereof owned by him or her in the Corporation; provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be
uncertificated shares that may be evidenced by a book-entry system maintained by the Secretary of the Corporation. If shares are represented by certificates, such certificates (if any) shall otherwise be in such form as prescribed by the Board of
Directors. Certificates of each class (if any) shall be issued in consecutive order and shall be numbered in the order of their issue, and shall be signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the
President or a Vice President and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. 

SECTION 6.02. Record. A record (herein called the stock record) in one or more counterparts shall be kept of
the name of the person, firm or corporation owning the shares represented by each certificate or book entry for stock of the Corporation issued, the number of shares represented by each such certificate, the date thereof and, in the case of
cancelation, the date of cancelation. Except as otherwise expressly required by law, the person in whose name shares of stock stand on the stock record of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation.

16 

SECTION 6.03. Registration of Stock. Registration of transfers of shares of the
Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation upon request of the registered holder thereof, or of his or her attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation, and, if
such shares are certificated, upon the surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a stock power duly executed. 

SECTION 6.04. Addresses of Stockholders. Each shareholder shall designate to the Secretary of the Corporation an address at which
notices of meetings and all other corporate notices may be served or mailed to him or her, and, if any shareholder shall fail to designate such address, corporate notices may be served upon him or her by mail directed to him or her at his or her
post office address, if any, as the same appears on the share record books of the Corporation or at his or her last known post office address. 

SECTION 6.05. Lost, Destroyed and Mutilated Certificates. The Board of Directors or a committee designated thereby with power so
to act may, in its discretion, cause to be issued a new certificate or certificates for stock of the Corporation in place of any certificate issued by it and reported to have been lost, destroyed or mutilated, upon the surrender of the mutilated
certificates or, in the case of loss or destruction of the certificate, upon satisfactory proof of such loss or destruction, and the Board of Directors or such committee may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate
or his or her legal representative to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as it may direct to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss or destruction
of any such certificate. 

17 

SECTION 6.06. Regulations. The Board of Directors may make such rules and
regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for stock of the Corporation. 

SECTION 6.07. Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or
allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more
than 50 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 50 days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the
meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

ARTICLE VII 

Fiscal Year 

The fiscal
year of the Corporation shall end on the 31st day of December in each year unless changed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

18 

ARTICLE VIII 

Indemnification and Insurance 

SECTION 8.01. Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Third Party Proceedings. Subject to the other provisions of
this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or
officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful. The termination of any
Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful. 

19 

SECTION 8.02. Indemnification of Directors and Officers in Actions by or in the
Right of the Corporation. Subject to the other provisions of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a
director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the
court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses
which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 

SECTION 8.03. Successful Defense. To the extent that a
present or former director or officer (for purposes of this Section 8.03 only, as such term is defined in Section 145(c)(1) of the DGCL) of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding
described in Section 8.01 or Section 8.02, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in
connection therewith. The Corporation may indemnify any other person who is not a present or former director or officer of the Corporation against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person to the
extent such person has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding described in Section 8.01, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein. 

20 

SECTION 8.04 Indemnification of Others. Subject to the other provisions of this
Article VIII, the Corporation shall have power to indemnify its employees and agents, or any other persons, to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate to any person or
persons identified in subsections (1) through (4) of Section 145(d) of the DGCL the determination of whether employees or agents shall be indemnified. 

SECTION 8.05 Advanced Payment of Expenses. Expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by an officer or
director of the Corporation in defending any Proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding upon receipt of a written request therefor (together with documentation reasonably evidencing such
expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII or the DGCL. Such expenses (including
attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the Corporation or by persons serving at the request of the Corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. The right to advancement of expenses shall not apply to any Proceeding (or any part of
any Proceeding) for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to these Bylaws, but shall apply to any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) referenced in Section 8.06(b) or 8.06(c) prior to a determination that the person is not entitled to be
indemnified by the Corporation. 

21 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to Section 8.08, no
advance shall be made by the Corporation to an officer of the Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation, in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any Proceeding if a determination is
reasonably and promptly made (a) by a vote of the directors who are not parties to such Proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (b) by a committee of such directors designated by the vote of the majority of such directors, even
though less than a quorum, or (c) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made
demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. 

SECTION 8.06 Limitations on Indemnification. Subject to the requirements in Section 8.03 and the DGCL, the Corporation shall
not be obligated to indemnify any person pursuant to this Article VIII in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding): 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of such person under any statute, insurance policy, indemnity provision, vote or
otherwise, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid; 

22 

(b) for an accounting or disgorgement of profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act (1934 Act), or similar provisions of federal, state or local statutory law or common law, if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements); 

(c) for any reimbursement of the Corporation by such person of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any
profits realized by such person from the sale of securities of the Corporation, in either case as required under any clawback or compensation recovery policy adopted by the Corporation, applicable securities exchange and association listing
requirements, including, without limitation, those adopted in accordance with Rule 10D-1 under the 1934 Act and/or the 1934 Act (including, without limitation, any such reimbursements that arise from an
accounting restatement of the Corporation pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Corporation of profits arising from the purchase and sale by such person of
securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements); 

(d) initiated by such person, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by such person against the Corporation or
its directors, officers, employees, agents or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of Directors authorized the Proceeding (or the relevant part of the Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Corporation provides the
indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under applicable law, (iii) otherwise required to be made under Section 8.07 or (iv) otherwise required by applicable law; or 

23 

(e) if prohibited by applicable law. 

SECTION 8.07 Determination; Claim. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VIII is not
paid in full within 90 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written request therefor, the claimant shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction of such claimants entitlement to such indemnification or
advancement of expenses. The Corporation shall indemnify such person against any and all expenses that are actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any action for indemnification or advancement of expenses from the
Corporation under this Article VIII, to the extent such person is successful in such action, and to the extent not prohibited by law. In any such suit, the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proving
that the claimant is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses. 

SECTION 8.08 Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking
indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation or any statute, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official
capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and
advancement of expenses, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. 

24 

SECTION 8.09 Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf
of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person
against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL. 

SECTION 8.10 Survival. The rights to indemnification and advancement of
expenses conferred by this Article VIII shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 

SECTION 8.11 Effect of Repeal or Modification. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal or elimination of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of
the Proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action or omission has occurred. 

25 

SECTION 8.12 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, references
to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting entity, any constituent entity (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have
had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent entity, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent entity as
a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving entity
as such person would have with respect to such constituent entity if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to
fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner
such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this
Article VIII. 

ARTICLE IX 

Waiver of Notice 

Whenever
any notice is required to be given by these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or the laws of the State of Delaware, the person entitled thereto may, in person or by attorney thereunto authorized, in writing or by
telegraph, cable or other form of recorded communication, waive such notice, whether before or after the meeting or other matter in respect of which such notice is given, and in such event such notice need not be given to such person and such waiver
shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. 

26 

ARTICLE X 

Amendments 

These Bylaws
may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote. Any Bylaw (including these Bylaws) may be adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation. The fact that such power has been granted to the directors shall not divest the stockholders of their power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws. 

27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d898526dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Press Release 

IBM Completes
Acquisition of HashiCorp, Creates Comprehensive, End-to-End Hybrid Cloud Platform 

HashiCorps capabilities drive significant synergies across multiple strategic growth areas for IBM, including Red Hat, watsonx, data
security, IT automation and Consulting 

ARMONK, N.Y., February 27, 2025 IBM (NYSE: IBM) today
announced it has completed its acquisition of HashiCorp, whose products automate and secure the infrastructure that underpins hybrid cloud applications and generative AI. Together the companies capabilities will help clients accelerate
innovation, strengthen security, and get more value from the cloud. 

Today nearly 75% of enterprises are using hybrid cloud,(1) including public clouds from hyperscalers and on-prem data centers, which can enable true innovation with a consistent approach to delivering and managing that infrastructure at scale. Enterprises
are looking for ways to more efficiently manage and modernize cloud infrastructure and security tasks from initial planning and design, to ongoing maintenance. By 2028, it is projected that generative AI will lead to the creation of 1 billion
new cloud-native applications.(2) Supporting this scale requires infrastructure automation far beyond the capacity of the workforce alone. 

Organizations globally are looking to deploy modern, hybrid cloud-ready apps, which require automated cloud infrastructure at significant
scale, said Rob Thomas, Senior Vice President, IBM Software and Chief Commercial Officer. With this acquisition, IBM is committed to continuing to invest in and grow the HashiCorp capabilities, and together, with
HashiCorps leading technology and extensive developer community, IBMs global reach and R&D resources, our aim is to infuse HashiCorp technology in every data center. 

HashiCorp has been helping the worlds largest enterprises succeed in hybrid and multi-cloud environments for over a decade. Weve seen the
cloud grow from its origins, and have participated first-hand in the change it has brought to the industry, said Dave McJannet, CEO, HashiCorp. With IBMs history, global scale, and customer relationships,
HashiCorp can now expand our reach to help our community of customers, practitioners, and partners automate, secure, and optimize their cloud infrastructure, providing an
end-to-end platform for hybrid environments. 

HashiCorp
has been a pioneer in cloud infrastructure since the earliest days of public cloud. Weve built a portfolio of products to help customers embrace a cloud native approach to Infrastructure and Security Lifecycle Management that has been embraced
by hundreds of thousands of organizations around the world, said Armon Dadgar, CTO and Co-founder of HashiCorp. Im excited for HashiCorp to join the IBM family, where
there is clear alignment on the vision of enabling hybrid infrastructure for the worlds biggest enterprises. Together, we can continue to invest deeply in R&D innovation and enable the next generation of applications to be built and
scaled. 

Product detail and availability 

HashiCorps capabilities enable enterprises to use automation to deliver lifecycle management for
infrastructure and security, providing a system of record for the critical workflows needed for hybrid and multi-cloud environments. HashiCorp Terraform is a 

1 

leader for infrastructure provisioning in these environments. HashiCorps offerings help clients take a highly interoperable approach to multi-cloud management, and complement IBMs
commitment to industry collaboration (including deep and expanding partnerships with hyperscale cloud service providers), developer and open source communities for hybrid cloud and AI innovation. 

Its Terraform and Vault offerings, along with the broader HashiCorp product portfolio, are available now from
IBMs automation software portfolio. 

HashiCorp will drive significant synergies for IBM, including across multiple strategic growth areas like Red
Hat, watsonx, data security, IT automation and Consulting. For example, Terraform and the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform provide a powerful combination, with Terraform automating the foundational infrastructure creation across multiple
cloud providers, and Ansible automating application configurations and middleware deployments on top of that infrastructure.

In addition, HashiCorp Vault combined with Red Hat OpenShift provide robust secrets management and
security capabilities across hybrid cloud environments, and Terraform can enable the building and deployment of IBM Z applications in hybrid cloud environments. 

Builds on IBMs Portfolio of AI-driven IT Automation Capabilities 

The HashiCorp acquisition continues IBMs broad investments in automation software to help organizations optimize their IT spending and lower costs. This
includes AI-powered software for application management insights across clients portfolios to identify, predict, and suggest fixes for problems; software for full IT stack observability and to optimize
application performance at the lowest cost; application resource management tools that efficiently scale operations and reduce cloud expense; financial management solutions that drive real-time insight into IT spending decisions across the
enterprise; and software to integrate thousands of applications and data across hybrid cloud environments. 

The closing of IBMs acquisition of
HashiCorp includes all of the issued and outstanding common shares of HashiCorp for $35 per share in cash, representing an enterprise value of $6.4 billion. 

For more information about todays news, please visit https://www.ibm.com/products/hashicorp and visit https://www.hashicorp.com/en/blog/hashicorp-officially-joins-the-ibm-family to read more from HashiCorp co-founder and CTO
Armon Dadgar. 

### 

Sources: 

1 Flexera: 2024 State of Cloud Report.

2 IDC: Gary Chen, Jim Mercer. 1 Billion New
Logical Applications: More Background. 

About IBM: 

IBM is a leading provider of global hybrid cloud and AI, and consulting expertise. We help clients in more than 175 countries capitalize on insights from their
data, streamline business processes, reduce costs and gain the competitive edge in their industries. Thousands of government and corporate entities in critical infrastructure areas such as financial services, telecommunications and

2 

healthcare rely on IBMs hybrid cloud platform and Red Hat OpenShift to affect their digital transformations quickly, efficiently and securely. IBMs breakthrough innovations in AI,
quantum computing, industry-specific cloud solutions and consulting deliver open and flexible options to our clients. All of this is backed by IBMs legendary commitment to trust, transparency, responsibility, inclusivity and service.
Visit www.ibm.com for more information.

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hcp-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hcp-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hcp-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001720671

Current Fiscal Year End Date --01-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity Registrant Name HashiCorp, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-41121

Entity Tax Identification Number 32-0410665

Entity Address, Address Line One 101 Second Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 700

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94105

City Area Code (415)

Local Phone Number 301-3250

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, par value $0.000015 per share

Trading Symbol HCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.hashicorp.com//20250227/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d898526d8k.htm 
hcp-20250227.xsd 
hcp-20250227_lab.xml 
hcp-20250227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-037910-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d898526d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001720671 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

false 
0001720671 
--01-31 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
HashiCorp, Inc. 
DE 
001-41121 
32-0410665 
101 Second Street 
Suite 700 
San Francisco 
CA 
94105 
(415) 
301-3250 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.000015 per share 
HCP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>