<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-019281.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-019281.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203161514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-019281
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250203
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORACLE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001341439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				542185193
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35992
		FILM NUMBER:		25582672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 ORACLE WAY
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78741
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(737) 867-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 ORACLE WAY
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78741

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ozark Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051013
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d927919d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

ORACLE CORPfalse000134143900013414392025-02-032025-02-030001341439us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-032025-02-030001341439us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember2025-02-032025-02-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2025

Oracle Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35992 54-2185193

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2300 Oracle Way, Austin, Texas78741

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(737)867-1000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

3.125% senior notes due July 2025 ORCL 

New York Stock Exchange

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section 8Other Events 

Item 8.01 Other Events 

Issuance of $7.75 Billion Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes 

On February 3, 2025, Oracle Corporation (Oracle) consummated the issuance and sale of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Floating Rate Notes due 2028, $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.800% Notes due 2028, $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.250% Notes due 2032, $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.500% Notes due 2035, $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.000% Notes due 2055 and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.125% Notes due 2065 (collectively, the Notes), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated January 30, 2025 among Oracle and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the Indenture) among Oracle (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (the First Supplemental Indenture) among Oracle, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, and an officers certificate issued pursuant thereto. 

The Notes are being offered pursuant to Oracles Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on March 15, 2024 (Reg. No. 333-277990), including the prospectus contained therein (the Registration Statement) and a related preliminary prospectus supplement dated January 30, 2025 and prospectus supplement dated January 30, 2025. 

Oracle intends to use a portion of the net proceeds of the offering to repay all or a portion of its 2.95% Notes due May 2025, 3.125% Notes due July 2025, 5.80% Notes due November 2025, 1.65% Notes due March 2026 and 2.65% Notes due July 2026, and to pay accrued interest and any related premiums, fees and expenses in connection therewith. Oracle also intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on borrowings under its Term Loan Credit Agreement dated June 10, 2024. Any remaining net proceeds from the offering may be used for general corporate purposes, which may include stock repurchases, payment of cash dividends on its common stock, repayment of other indebtedness and future acquisitions. 

The material terms and conditions of the Notes are set forth in the Officers Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated by reference herein, in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Systems Corporation on January 20, 2006, and in the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by Oracle Corporation on May 10, 2007. 

Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Forms of Floating Rate Notes due 2028, 4.800% Notes due 2028, 5.250% Notes due 2032, 5.500% Notes due 2035, 6.000% Notes due 2055 and 6.125% Notes due 2065, together with an Officers Certificate issued February 3, 2025 setting forth the terms of the Notes. 

5.1 Opinion of Freshfields US LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Freshfields US LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1). 

EX-104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

Dated: February 3, 2025 By: 

/s/ Kimberly Woolley

Name: Kimberly Woolley

Title: Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d927919dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

Execution Version

ORACLE CORPORATION 

Officers Certificate 

February 3, 2025 

This
Officers Certificate, dated as of February 3, 2025 (this Officers Certificate), references the Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the Base Indenture) by and among Oracle
Corporation (the Issuer, formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007
(together with the Base Indenture and as supplemented by this Officers Certificate, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A.
resigned as the original trustee under the Indenture and the Issuer appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee. Thereafter, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. became The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.
(the Trustee). The Trustee is the trustee for any and all securities issued under the Indenture. Pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture, the undersigned officers do hereby certify, in connection
with the issuance of (i) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Floating Rate Notes), (ii) $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.800% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Fixed Rate
Notes), (iii) $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.250% Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes), (iv) $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.500% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Fixed Rate
Notes), (v) $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.000% Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes) and (vi) $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.125% Notes due 2065 (the 2065 Fixed Rate
Notes and, together with the 2028 Floating RateNotes, 2028 Fixed RateNotes, 2032 Fixed Rate Notes, 2035 Fixed Rate Notes and 2055 Fixed RateNotes, the Notes), that the terms of the Notes are as
follows: 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture. 

2028 Floating Rate Notes 

Title: Floating Rate Notes due 2028

Issuer: Oracle Corporation

Trustee, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, and Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $500,000,000

Principal Payment Date: August 3, 2028

Interest: Compounded SOFR (as defined in the Issuers Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated January 30, 2025) (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement)), plus 0.760% per
year

Date from which Interest will Accrue: February 3, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: February 3, May 3, August 3 and November 3, commencing May 3, 2025

Interest Record Dates: January 19, April 18, July 19 and October 19

Redemption: Oracle Corporation may not redeem the 2028 Floating Rate Notes prior to maturity

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2028 Floating Rate Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2028 Floating Rate Notes attached hereto as Exhibit A and in the Indenture.

2028 Fixed Rate Notes 

Title: 4.800% Notes due 2028

Issuer: Oracle Corporation

Trustee, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, and Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $1,500,000,000

Principal Payment Date: August 3, 2028

Interest: 4.800% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: February 3, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3, commencing August 3, 2025

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19

Redemption: 

Prior to July 3, 2028 (one month prior to the maturity date (the 2028 Par Call Date)), the Issuer may redeem the
2028 Fixed Rate Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal
and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2028 Fixed Rate Notes matured on the 2028 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) plus 10 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Fixed Rate Notes to be redeemed, plus, in
either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or
after the 2028 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2028 Fixed Rate Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Fixed Rate Notes being redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2028 Fixed Rate Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2028 Fixed Rate Notes attached hereto as Exhibit B and in the
Indenture.

2032 Fixed Rate Notes 

Title: 5.250% Notes due 2032

Issuer: Oracle Corporation

Trustee, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, and Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $1,250,000,000

Principal Payment Date: February 3, 2032

Interest: 5.250% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: February 3, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3, commencing August 3, 2025

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19

Redemption: 

Prior to December 3, 2031 (two months prior to the maturity date (the 2032 Par Call Date)), the Issuer may redeem
the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal
and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes matured on the 2032 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) plus 15 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes to be redeemed, plus, in
either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2032 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes
being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2032 Fixed Rate Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2032 Fixed Rate Notes attached hereto as Exhibit C and in the Indenture.

2035 Fixed Rate Notes 

Title: 5.500% Notes due 2035

Issuer: Oracle Corporation

Trustee, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, and Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $1,750,000,000

Principal Payment Date: August 3, 2035

Interest: 5.500% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: February 3, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3, commencing August 3, 2025

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19

Redemption: Prior to May 3, 2035 (three months prior to the maturity date (the 2035 Par Call Date)), the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Fixed Rate Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to
time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the 2035 Fixed Rate Notes matured on the 2035 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) plus 15 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Fixed Rate Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption
date.

On or after the 2035 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Fixed Rate
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Fixed Rate Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2035 Fixed Rate Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2035 Fixed Rate Notes attached hereto as Exhibit D and in the Indenture.

2055 Fixed Rate Notes 

Title: 6.000% Notes due 2055

Issuer: Oracle Corporation

Trustee, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, and Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $1,750,000,000

Principal Payment Date: August 3, 2055

Interest: 6.000% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: February 3, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3, commencing August 3, 2025

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19

Redemption: 

Prior to February 3, 2055 (six months prior to the maturity date (the 2055 Par Call Date)), the Issuer may redeem
the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal
and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes matured on the 2055 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) plus 20 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes to be redeemed, plus, in
either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

On or after the 2055 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes
being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2055 Fixed Rate Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2055 Fixed Rate Notes attached hereto as Exhibit E and in the Indenture.

2065 Fixed Rate Notes 

Title: 6.125% Notes due 2065

Issuer: Oracle Corporation

Trustee, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Authenticating Agent, and Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $1,000,000,000

Principal Payment Date: August 3, 2065

Interest: 6.125% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: February 3, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3, commencing August 3, 2025

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19

Redemption: Prior to February 3, 2065 (six months prior to the maturity date (the 2065 Par Call Date)), the Issuer may redeem the 2065 Fixed Rate Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to
time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date
(assuming the 2065 Fixed Rate Notes matured on the 2065 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate (as defined in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement) plus 25 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2065 Fixed Rate Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption
date.

On or after the 2065 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2065 Fixed Rate
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2065 Fixed Rate Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2065 Fixed Rate Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2065 Fixed Rate Notes attached hereto as Exhibit F and in the Indenture.

Subject to the representations, warranties and covenants described in the Indenture, as amended or
supplemented from time to time, the Issuer shall be entitled, subject to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and an Officers Certificate, to issue additional notes from time to time under each series of notes issued hereby.
Any such additional notes of a series (together, the Additional Notes) shall have identical terms as the 2028 Floating Rate Notes, 2028 Fixed Rate Notes, 2032 Fixed Rate Notes, 2035 Fixed Rate Notes, 2055 Fixed Rate Notes or 2065
Fixed Rate Notes, as the case may be, issued on the issue date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issue price. Any Additional Notes will be issued in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. 

For the purposes of Section 2.05 of the Base Indenture, the signatures of the officers
of the Issuer referred to therein may be the manual, facsimile or electronic signatures of such officers. For the purposes of Section 2.06 of the Base Indenture, the certificates of authentication for the Notes may be executed by the Trustee by
the manual or electronic signature of one of its authorized officers. For the purposes of Section 9.03 of the Base Indenture, references to Sections 3.04 and 3.05 of the Base Indenture shall be deemed to refer to Sections 3.06 and 3.07 of the
Base Indenture. 

Each such officer has read and understands the provisions of the Indenture and the definitions relating thereto. The
statements made in this Officers Certificate are based upon the examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Issuer. In such officers opinion, they have made such examination or
investigation as is necessary to enable such officers to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions of such Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. In such
officers opinion, such covenants and conditions have been complied with. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned officers of the Issuer have duly executed this
certificate as of the date first written above. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Greg Hilbrich

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

/s/ Brian S. Higgins

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

[Signature Page to Officers Certificate (Indenture)] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF FLOATING RATE NOTES DUE 2028 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE,
BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH
TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

Floating Rate Notes due 2028 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 68389XCX1

ISIN No.: US68389XCX12

$ 

ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay
to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on August 3, 2028 (the Maturity Date). 

Interest Payment Dates: February 3, May 3, August 3 and November 3 (each, an Interest Payment Date),
commencing on May 3, 2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 19, April 18, July 19 and October 19 (each, an
Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all
purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or
by facsimile by its duly authorized officers. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

Floating Rate
Notes due 2028 

1. 

Interest 

Oracle Corporation (the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum
described below. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from February 3, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant
Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing May 3, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the applicable Observation Period and a 360-day year. If any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the interest payment will be made on the next Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the relevant Interest
Payment Date; except that if such Business Day is in the immediately succeeding calendar month, such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

The per annum interest rate on the Notes in effect for
each day of an Interest Period will be equal to Compounded SOFR, plus 0.760%. On each Interest Payment Determination Date relating to the applicable Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of accrued interest payable
on the Notes for each Interest Period by multiplying (i) the outstanding principal amount of the Notes by (ii) the product of (a) the interest rate for the relevant Interest Period multiplied by (b) the quotient of the actual
number of calendar days in such Observation Period divided by 360. 

The interest rate on the Notes will in no event be higher than the
maximum rate permitted by New York law as the same may be modified by United States law of general application. Additionally, the interest rate on the Notes will in no event be lower than zero. 

The interest rate and amount of interest to be paid on the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent. The
Issuer may change the Calculation Agent at any time without notice and the Calculation Agent may resign as Calculation Agent at any time with prior written notice to the Issuer. The Calculation Agent will, upon the request of any Holder of the
Notes, provide the interest rate then in effect with respect to the Notes. All calculations made by the Calculation Agent shall in the absence of manifest error be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Issuer, the Holders of the Notes, the
Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to determine whether any manifest error has occurred, and in the absence of notice from the Issuer, may
conclusively assume that no manifest error exists and shall suffer no liability in so assuming. So long as Compounded SOFR is required to be determined with respect to the Notes, there will at all times be a Calculation Agent. In the event that any
then acting Calculation Agent shall be unable or unwilling to act, or that such Calculation Agent shall fail to duly establish Compounded SOFR for any Interest Period, or that the Issuer proposes to remove such Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall
appoint another Calculation Agent. 

None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be under any
obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of SOFR or the SOFR Index, or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition
Event or related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate or index have been
satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are
necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, adjustments as to any alternative spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant methodology
applicable to such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its designee
without independent investigation, and none will have any liability for actions taken at the Issuers direction in connection therewith. 

None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any
of its duties set forth herein as a result of the unavailability of SOFR, the SOFR Index or other applicable Benchmark Replacement, including as a result of any failure, inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction
party in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of the Notes and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent shall
be responsible or liable for the Issuers actions or omissions or for those of its designee, or for any failure or delay in the performance by the Issuer or its designee, nor shall any of the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent
be under any obligation to oversee or monitor the Issuers performance or that of its designee. 

Certain Defined Terms

The following terms shall have the following meanings with respect to this Note: 

Benchmark means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published SOFR Index used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable
Benchmark Replacement. 

Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) 

the sum of: (a) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) 

the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(3) 

the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee as the
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) 

the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 

(2) 

if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback
Adjustment; or 

(3) 

the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer
or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of interest period, the timing and frequency of determining
rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably practicable). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 

(1) 

in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

(2) 

in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise
to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 

(1) 

a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such
component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 

(2) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the
Benchmark (or such component); or 

(3) 

a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 

Calculation Agent means The
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. until such time as the Issuer appoints a successor Calculation Agent, and thereafter shall mean the Person who is then the Calculation Agent hereunder. 

Compounded SOFR will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point): 

where: 

SOFR IndexStart = For periods other than the initial Interest Period, the
SOFR Index value on the preceding Interest Payment Determination Date, and, for the initial Interest Period, the SOFR Index value on January 30, 2025; 

SOFR IndexEnd = The SOFR Index value on the Interest Payment Determination
Date relating to the applicable Interest Payment Date (or in the final interest period, relating to the Maturity Date); and 

dC is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 

If a SOFR
IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated Interest Payment Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR means, for the applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment
calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR Administrators Website, initially located at
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR averages compounding formula and related definitions to calculation period shall be replaced with
Observation Period and the words that is, 30-,90-, or 180-calendar days shall be removed. If SOFR does
not so appear for any day i in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day i shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website. 

Interest Payment Determination Date means
the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each interest payment date (or, in the final interest period, before the Maturity Date). 

Interest Period means (i) the period commencing on any Interest Payment Date (or, with respect to the initial Interest
Period only, on February 3, 2025) to, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or (ii) in the case of the last such Interest Period, from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date to,
but excluding, the Maturity Date). 

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the ISDA or any
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 

ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply
for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 

ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 

Observation Period means, in respect of each interest period, the period from, and including, the date that is two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of such relevant interest period to, but excluding, the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the interest payment date for such interest period (or in the
final interest period, preceding the Maturity Date). 

Reference Time, with respect to any determination of the
Benchmark, means (1) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Index Determination Time, as such time is defined above, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by us or our designee in accordance with the
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 

SOFR Index means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 

(1) 

the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR
Administrators Website at 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Index Determination Time); provided that: 

(2) 

if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the SOFR Index Determination Time,
then: (i) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the last paragraph of the definition of Compounded
SOFR or (ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the provisions described under Effect of
Benchmark Transition Event below. 

SOFR means the daily secured overnight financing rate as
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of SOFR). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the website
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 

Effect of Benchmark Transition Event

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note or in the other documents relating to the Notes, including the Indenture, if the Issuer
or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to determining Compounded SOFR, then the benchmark replacement provisions
set forth below will thereafter apply to all determinations of the rate of interest payable on the Notes. 

For the avoidance of doubt, in
accordance with the benchmark replacement provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the interest rate for each interest period on the Notes will be an annual rate equal to the sum of the
Benchmark Replacement and the applicable margin. 

If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the relevant Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the
Notes in respect of such determination on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 

In connection with the
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 

Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to the benchmark replacement provisions
described herein, including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking
any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; (iii) if made by a designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and
such designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer objects; and (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Note or in the other documents relating to the Notes, including the Indenture, shall
become effective without consent from the Holders or any other party. 

Any determination, decision or election pursuant to the benchmark
replacement provisions shall be made by the Issuer or its designee (which may be the Issuers affiliate) on the basis as described above, and in no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for making any such determination, decision or
election. 

2. 

Paying Agent. 

Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent (the Paying
Agent). The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders. 

3. 

Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006
(the Base Indenture) by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of
May 9, 2007 (the Supplemental Indenture) and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated as of February 3, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture and
Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to the Officers Certificate, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base
Indenture. This Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note,
unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15
U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes
are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. 

5. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under
the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any
ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.

6. 

Redemption. 

The Notes will not be redeemable prior to the Maturity Date. 

7. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to
the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the
Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically
become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to
enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. 

Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually or electronically signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

9. 

Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. 

CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to
be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. 

Governing Law. 

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to
act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF 4.800% NOTES DUE 2028 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE,
BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH
TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

4.800% Notes due 2028 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 68389XCY9

ISIN No.: US68389XCY94

$ 

ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay
to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on August 3, 2028. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on August 3,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or
by facsimile by its duly authorized officers. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

4.800% Notes
due 2028 

1. 

Interest 

Oracle Corporation (the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum
described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from February 3, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant
Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 3, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

2. 

Paying Agent. 

Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any
paying agent without notice to the Holders. 

3. 

Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 4.800% Notes due 2028 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the
Base Indenture) by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9,
2007 (the Supplemental Indenture) and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated as of February 3, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture and Supplemental
Indenture, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to the Officers Certificate, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This
Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise
defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections
77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the sending of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

5. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under
the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any
ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.

6. 

Redemption. 

The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to July 3, 2028 (one month prior to the
maturity date (the 2028 Par Call Date)), each at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes matured on the 2028 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus
10 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

At any time on or after the 2028 Par Call Date, the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Issuers option, at a
redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2028 Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the 2028 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the 2028 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2028 Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the 2028 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2028 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2028 Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the 2028 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2028 Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.
In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or
otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to
the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of
the original note. For so long as the notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

7. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to
the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the
Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically
become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to
enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. 

Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually or electronically signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

9. 

Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. 

CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to
be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. 

Governing Law. 

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to
act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF 5.250% NOTES DUE 2032 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE,
BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH
TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

5.250% Notes due 2032 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 68389XCZ6

ISIN No.: US68389XCZ69

$ 

ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay
to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on February 3, 2032. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on August 3,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or
by facsimile by its duly authorized officers. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

5.250% Notes
due 2032 

1. 

Interest 

Oracle Corporation (the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum
described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from February 3, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant
Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 3, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

2. 

Paying Agent. 

Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any
paying agent without notice to the Holders. 

3. 

Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 5.250% Notes due 2032 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the
Base Indenture) by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9,
2007 (the Supplemental Indenture) and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated as of February 3, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture and Supplemental
Indenture, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to the Officers Certificate, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This
Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise
defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections
77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the sending of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

5. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under
the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any
ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.

6. 

Redemption. 

The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to December 3, 2031 (two months prior to the
maturity date (the 2032 Par Call Date)), each at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes matured on the 2032 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus
15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

At any time on or after the 2032 Par Call Date, the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Issuers option, at a
redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2032 Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the 2032 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the 2032 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2032 Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the 2032 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2032 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2032 Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the 2032 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2032 Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.
In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or
otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to
the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of
the original note. For so long as the notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

7. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to
the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the
Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically
become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to
enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. 

Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually or electronically signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

9. 

Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. 

CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to
be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. 

Governing Law. 

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to
act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF 5.500% NOTES DUE 2035 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE,
BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH
TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

5.500% Notes due 2035 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 68389XDA0

ISIN No.: US68389XDA00

$ 

ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay
to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on August 3, 2035. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on August 3,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or
by facsimile by its duly authorized officers. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

5.500% Notes
due 2035 

1. 

Interest 

Oracle Corporation (the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum
described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from February 3, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant
Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 3, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

2. 

Paying Agent. 

Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any
paying agent without notice to the Holders. 

3. 

Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 5.500% Notes due 2035 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the
Base Indenture) by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9,
2007 (the Supplemental Indenture) and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated as of February 3, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture and Supplemental
Indenture, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to the Officers Certificate, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This
Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise
defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections
77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the sending of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

5. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under
the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any
ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.

6. 

Redemption. 

The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to May 3, 2035 (three months prior to the
maturity date (the 2035 Par Call Date)), each at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes matured on the 2035 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus
15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

At any time on or after the 2035 Par Call Date, the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Issuers option, at a
redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2035 Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the 2035 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the 2035 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2035 Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the 2035 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2035 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2035 Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the 2035 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2035 Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.
In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or
otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to
the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of
the original note. For so long as the notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

7. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to
the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the
Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically
become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to
enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. 

Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually or electronically signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

9. 

Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. 

CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to
be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. 

Governing Law. 

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to
act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF 6.000% NOTES DUE 2055 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE,
BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH
TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

6.000% Notes due 2055 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 68389XDB8

ISIN No.: US68389XDB82

$ 

ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay
to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on August 3, 2055. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on August 3,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or
by facsimile by its duly authorized officers. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

6.000% Notes
due 2055 

1. 

Interest 

Oracle Corporation (the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum
described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from February 3, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant
Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 3, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

2. 

Paying Agent. 

Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any
paying agent without notice to the Holders. 

3. 

Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 6.000% Notes due 2055 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the
Base Indenture) by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9,
2007 (the Supplemental Indenture) and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated as of February 3, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture and Supplemental
Indenture, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to the Officers Certificate, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This
Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise
defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections
77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the sending of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

5. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under
the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any
ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.

6. 

Redemption. 

The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to February 3, 2055 (six months prior to the
maturity date (the 2055 Par Call Date)), each at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes matured on the 2055 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus
20 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

At any time on or after the 2055 Par Call Date, the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Issuers option, at a
redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2055 Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the 2055 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the 2055 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2055 Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the 2055 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2055 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2055 Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the 2055 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2055 Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.
In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or
otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to
the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of
the original note. For so long as the notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

7. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to
the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the
Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically
become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to
enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. 

Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually or electronically signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

9. 

Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. 

CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to
be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. 

Governing Law. 

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to
act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

EXHIBIT F 

FORM OF 6.125% NOTES DUE 2065 

UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE,
BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH
TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

6.125% Notes due 2065 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 68389XDC6

ISIN No.: US68389XDC65

$ 

ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay
to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on August 3, 2065. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 3 and August 3 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on August 3,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 19 and July 19 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or
by facsimile by its duly authorized officers. 

ORACLE CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Greg Hilbrich

Title: Executive Vice President and Treasurer

By: 

Name: Brian S. Higgins

Title: Senior Vice President and Secretary

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 3, 2025 

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ORACLE CORPORATION 

6.125% Notes
due 2065 

1. 

Interest 

Oracle Corporation (the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum
described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from February 3, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant
Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 3, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of
interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

2. 

Paying Agent. 

Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any
paying agent without notice to the Holders. 

3. 

Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 6.125% Notes due 2065 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the
Base Indenture) by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9,
2007 (the Supplemental Indenture) and as supplemented by the Officers Certificate dated as of February 3, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture and Supplemental
Indenture, the Indenture) by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to the Officers Certificate, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This
Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise
defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections
77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. 

Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the sending of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

5. 

Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under
the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any
ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.

6. 

Redemption. 

The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time prior to February 3, 2065 (six months prior to the
maturity date (the 2065 Par Call Date)), each at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes matured on the 2065 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus
25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

At any time on or after the 2065 Par Call Date, the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Issuers option, at a
redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2065 Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the 2065 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the
result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the 2065 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2065 Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the 2065 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2065 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2065 Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
the 2065 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2065 Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.
In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or
otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed. 

The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating the redemption price. In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to
the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon surrender for cancellation of
the original note. For so long as the notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the depositary. 

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or
portions thereof called for redemption. 

7. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to
the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the
Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically
become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to
enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding
to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. 

Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually or electronically signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

9. 

Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. 

CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to
be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. 

Governing Law. 

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to
act for him. 

Date: Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d927919dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

February 3, 2025

Oracle Corporation

2300 Oracle Way

Austin, Texas 78741 

Silicon Valley

855 Main Street

Redwood City, CA 94063

T +1 (650) 618-9250

freshfields.us

Doc ID - US-LEGAL-13236918/9

Our Ref - 175033-0018
SKS/JAM

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have
acted as counsel to Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the Companys offering of $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Floating Rate Notes due 2028, $1,500,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 4.800% Notes due 2028, $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.250% Notes due 2032, $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.500% Notes due 2035, $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its
6.000% Notes due 2055, and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.125% Notes due 2065 (collectively, the Notes) in an underwritten public offering pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated January 30,
2025 (the Underwriting Agreement) between the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives
of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto (the Underwriters). The Notes are to be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the Base Indenture) by and among
the Company (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture,
the Indenture) by and among the Company, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., and an Officers Certificate to be issued pursuant thereto on or about February 3, 2025. On June 29, 2007,
Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the Indenture and the Company appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee (the Trustee). We have been informed that The Bank of New York
Trust Company, N.A., has become The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277990) (the Registration Statement) pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

We, as your counsel, have examined originals or copies of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have
deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of rendering this opinion. 

In rendering the opinion expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry
or investigation, assumed that (i) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all documents filed as exhibits to
the Registration Statement that have not been executed will conform to the forms thereof, (iv) all signatures on all documents that we reviewed are genuine, (v) all natural persons executing documents had and have the legal capacity to do
so, (vi) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Company that we reviewed were and are accurate and (vii) all representations made by the Company as to matters of fact in the documents that we reviewed were
and are accurate. 

Oracle Corporation

February 3, 2025 

2|2

Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the additional assumptions and qualifications set forth below, we advise you that, in
our opinion, the Notes have been duly authorized by the Company in accordance with the Indenture, and, when executed and authenticated by the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the
Underwriters in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, provided that we express no opinion as to (y) the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar
provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above or (z) the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Notes
to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest. 

In connection with the opinion expressed above, we have assumed that the Company is validly
existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. In addition, we have assumed that the Indenture and the Notes (collectively, the Documents) are each valid, binding and enforceable
agreements of each party thereto (other than as expressly covered above in respect of the Company). We have also assumed that the execution, delivery and performance by each party to each Document to which it is a party (a) are within its
corporate powers, (b) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other constitutive documents of such party, (c) require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental
body, agency or official and (d) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or any judgment, injunction, order or decree or any agreement or other instrument binding upon such party, provided
that we make no such assumption to the extent that we have specifically opined as to such matters with respect to the Company. 

We are members of the Bars
of the States of New York and California and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, except that we express no opinion as to any law, rule or regulation that is
applicable to the Company, the Documents or such transactions solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable to any party to any of the Documents or any of its affiliates due to the specific assets or business
of such party or such affiliate. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form
8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof and further consent to the reference to our name under the caption Validity of Securities in the base prospectus and supplement thereto, which are
part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Freshfields US LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>orcl-20250203.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>orcl-20250203_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>orcl-20250203_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Senior Notes [Member] 
Senior Notes [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>orcl-20250203_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g927919g0201074706717.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g927919img1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 03, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name ORACLE CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001341439

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 03, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35992

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-2185193

Entity Address, Address Line One 2300 Oracle Way

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78741

City Area Code (737)

Local Phone Number 867-1000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol ORCL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Notes [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 3.125% senior notes due July 2025

Trading Symbol ORCL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: orcl_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: orcl_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.oracle.com//20250203/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d927919d8k.htm 
orcl-20250203.xsd 
orcl-20250203_def.xml 
orcl-20250203_lab.xml 
orcl-20250203_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-019281-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d927919d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001341439 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

0001341439 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

0001341439 

us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 

2025-02-03 
2025-02-03 

ORACLE CORP 
false 
0001341439 
8-K 
2025-02-03 
DE 
001-35992 
54-2185193 
2300 Oracle Way 
Austin 
TX 
78741 
(737) 
867-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
3.125% senior notes due July 2025 
ORCL 
ORCL 
NYSE 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>