<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001558370-25-000319.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001558370-25-000319.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122170356
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-25-000319
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250117
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WhiteHorse Finance, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552198
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				454247759
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00967
		FILM NUMBER:		25546664

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1450 Brickell Avenue, 31st Floor
		CITY:			Miami
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 379-2322

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1450 Brickell Avenue, 31st Floor
		CITY:			Miami
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WhiteHorse Finance, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120613
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>whf-20250117x8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?WhiteHorse Finance, Inc._January 17, 2025

0001552198false0001552198whfcl:SevenPointEightSevenFivePercentNotesDueTwentyTwentyEightMember2025-01-172025-01-170001552198us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-172025-01-1700015521982025-01-172025-01-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 17, 2025

WhiteHorse Finance, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

814-00967 

45-4247759

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 

(Commission 

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

1450 Brickell Avenue, 31st Floor

Miami, Florida 

33131

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(305) 381-6999

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which 

Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

WHF 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

7.875% Notes due 2028 

WHFCL 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 17, 2025 WhiteHorse Finance Credit I, LLC (WhiteHorse Credit), a wholly owned subsidiary of WhiteHorse Finance, Inc. (the Company), entered into a Tenth Amendment by and among WhiteHorse Credit, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, the Company, as portfolio manager, and Virtus Group LP, as collateral administrator (the Tenth Amendment) to amend the terms of the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated April 28, 2021 (as previously amended on July 15, 2021, October 4, 2021, January 4, 2022, February 4, 2022, March 30, 2022, April 12, 2023, June 28, 2024, November 21, 2024 and December 19, 2024), by and among WhiteHorse Credit, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, the Company, as portfolio manager, and Virtus Group LP, as collateral administrator (as amended, the Amended Loan Agreement). The Tenth Amendment, among other things, (i) reduces the applicable margins for interest rates to 2.25%, (ii) extends the non-call period to January 17, 2027, from November 22, 2024, (iii) extends the reinvestment period to January 17, 2028, from January 22, 2025, and (iv) extends the scheduled termination date to January 17, 2030, from November 22, 2025.

The description above is only a summary of the modifications pursuant to the Tenth Amendment and is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Tenth Amendment which attaches the Amended Loan Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Current Report on Form 8-K may constitute forward-looking statements and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement made herein. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

10.1 

Tenth Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated January 17, 2025, by and among WhiteHorse Finance Credit I, LLC, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, WhiteHorse Finance, Inc., as portfolio manager, and Virtus Group LP, as collateral administrator

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 22, 2025 

WHITEHORSE FINANCE, INC.

/s/ Joyson C. Thomas

By: 

Joyson C. Thomas

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version
TENTH AMENDMENT TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT
This Tenth Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (this
"Amendment"), dated as of January 17, 2025, is entered into by and among WHITEHORSE FINANCE
CREDIT I, LLC (the "Company"), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
lender (the "Lender") and administrative agent (the "Administrative Agent"), CITIBANK, N.A., as
collateral agent (the "Collateral Agent") and securities intermediary (the "Securities Intermediary"),
WHITEHORSE FINANCE, INC. (the "Portfolio Manager") and VIRTUS GROUP LP, as collateral
administrator (the "Collateral Administrator"). Reference is hereby made to the Fifth Amended and
Restated Loan Agreement (as amended by the First Amendment dated as of July 15, 2021, as amended by
the Second Amendment dated as of October 4, 2021, as amended by the Third Amendment dated as of
January 4, 2022, as amended by the Fourth Amendment dated as of February 4, 2022, as amended by the
Fifth Amendment dated as of March 30, 2022, as amended by the Sixth Amendment dated as of April 12,
2023, as amended by the Seventh Amendment dated as of June 28, 2024, as amended by the Eighth
Amendment dated as of November 21, 2024, as amended by the Ninth Amendment dated as of December
19, 2024 and as further amended or modified from time to time, the "Loan Agreement"), dated as of April
28, 2021, among the Company, the Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator. Capitalized terms used herein
without definition shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Loan Agreement.
WHEREAS, the parties hereto are parties to the Loan Agreement;
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the terms of the Loan Agreement in accordance
with Section 10.05 thereof as provided for herein; and
ACCORDINGLY, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
SECTION 1. AMENDMENT TO THE LOAN AGREEMENT
The Loan Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with Section 10.05 thereof to delete the stricken
text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the bold
and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: bold and
double-underlined text) as set forth on the pages of the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto.
Exhibit A hereto constitutes a conformed copy of the Loan Agreement.
SECTION 2. MISCELLANEOUS.
(A) The parties hereto hereby agree that, except as specifically amended herein, the Loan
Agreement is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all
respects. Except as specifically provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this
Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any party hereto under the
Loan Agreement, or constitute a waiver of any provision of any other agreement.
(B) The Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary are
hereby directed to execute and deliver this Amendment.
(C) The effectiveness of this Amendment to the Agreement shall be subject to receipt by the
Administrative Agent of (i) the fee payable in accordance with and in the amount set forth in the Tenth
Amendment Effective Date Letter and (ii) an opinion of counsel for the Company and the Portfolio
Manager with respect to the enforceability of this Amendment to the Agreement in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(D) The Portfolio Manager hereby certifies that (i) all of the Companys representations and
warranties set forth in Section 6.01 of the Loan Agreement are true and correct (subject to any materiality 

2
qualifiers set forth therein) as of the date hereof and (ii) as of the date hereof, no Default, Event of Default
or Market Value Cure Failure has occurred and is continuing.
(E) THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
(F) This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts by email or other
written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party
whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
(G) This Amendment shall be effective as of the date of this Amendment first written above. 

Tenth Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
______________________________
ame:
____________________________
me:
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the day and
year first above written.
WHITEHORSE FINANCE CREDIT I, LLC
By:
Na
Title: Authorized Signatory
WHITEHORSE FINANCE, INC., as Portfolio Manager
By /s/ Joyson Thomas
Title:Authorized Signatory
N Joyson C. Thomas
/s/ Joyson Thomas
Joyson C. Thomas

Tenth Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent
By /s/ James Greenfield
Name: James Greenfield
Title: Managing Director
The Financing Provider
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Lender
By /s/ James Greenfield
Name: James Greenfield
Title: Managing Director

Tenth Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
CITIBANK, N.A., as Collateral Agent
By /s/ Jose Mayorga
Name: Jose Mayorga
Title: Senior Trust Officer
CITIBANK, N.A., as Securities Intermediary
By /s/ Jose Mayorga
Name: Jose Mayorga
Title: Senior Trust Officer
VIRTUS GROUP LP, as Collateral Administrator
By: Rocket Partners Holdings, LLC,
its General Partner
By
Name:
Title:

Tenth Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
CITIBANK, N.A., as Collateral Agent
By
Name:
Title:
CITIBANK, N.A., as Securities Intermediary
By
Name:
Title:
VIRTUS GROUP LP, as Collateral Administrator
By: Rocket Partners Holdings, LLC,
its General Partner
By /s/ Paul Plank
Name:
Title:
Paul Plank
Authorized Signatory

Exhibit A
Changed Pages to Conformed Loan Agreement 

Execution Version
Conformed through the NinthTenth Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement
dated as of December 19, 2024January 17, 2025
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED
LOAN AGREEMENT
dated as of
April 28, 2021
among
WHITEHORSE FINANCE CREDIT I, LLC
The Financing Providers Party Hereto
The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent
and
WHITEHORSE FINANCE, INC.,
as Portfolio Manager

- ii -
Schedule 5
Transaction Schedule
Initial Portfolio Investments
ARTICLE VII
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
ARTICLE VIII
ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY
SECTION 8.01. The Accounts; Agreement As to Control. 65
SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery. 67
ARTICLE IX
THE AGENTS
SECTION 9.01. Appointment of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 71
SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent, Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. 74
ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS
SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse; Limited Recourse 76
SECTION 10.02. Notices 77
SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 77
SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff. 77
SECTION 10.05. Amendments 79
SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments. 79
SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 81
SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 81
SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 82
SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 82
SECTION 10.11. Headings 82
SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 82
Schedule 6 Moody's Industry Classifications
Schedule 2
Schedule 7
Contents of Notice of Acquisition
Form of Partial PIK Portfolio Investment Notifications
Schedule 3
Exhibit
Eligibility Criteria
Schedules
Schedule 4
Exhibit A
Concentration Limitations
Form of Request for Advance
Schedule 1

"Indemnified Taxes" means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with
respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company under this Agreement
and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.
"Indemnitee" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b).
"Independent Broker-Dealer" means any of the following (as such list may be revised
from time to time by mutual agreement of the Company and the Administrative Agent): Bank of
America/Merrill Lynch, Barclays Bank, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman
Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura, Royal Bank of Scotland, UBS any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but
in no event including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company.
"Ineligible Investment" means, from time to time, any Portfolio Investment that fails, at
such time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided, that, with respect to any Portfolio Investment for
which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the
Eligibility Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived
criteria at any time after such waiver and such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an "Ineligible
Investment" by reason of its failure to meet such waived criteria; provided, further, that any Portfolio
Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date or Substitution Date, as
applicable, will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such
Portfolio Investment is so approved.
"Initial Portfolio Investments" has the meaning set forth in the recitals.
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03(b).
"Interest Proceeds" means all payments of interest received in respect of the Portfolio
Investments and Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (in each case
other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from the
sale of interest accrued after the date on which the Company or the Permitted Subsidiary acquired the
related Portfolio Investment), all other payments on the Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds
of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include principal
payments (including, without limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to
Eligible Investments acquired with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other
similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments or deposited into any of the Accounts, a
Permitted CAD Account, a Permitted EUR Account or a Permitted GBP Account (including closing fees,
commitment fees, facility fees, late payment fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and
premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front fees and
customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt,
Interest Proceeds shall not include amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account, the
Unfunded Exposure Account, the CAD Unfunded Exposure Account, the EUR Unfunded Exposure
Account, the GBP Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom.
"Investment" means (a) the purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person,
or (b) the making of any loan or advance to any other Person, or (c) becoming obligated with respect to a
contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person.
"IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
- 15 -

"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.
"Lender" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.
"Lender Participant" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c).
"Lien" means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or
encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens, mechanics' liens and any liens that attach by operation of
law.
"Loan" means any obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is
documented by a term loan agreement or other similar credit agreement.
"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Asset Pledge Agreement, the Equity
Pledge Agreement, the Parent Sale Agreement, the Amendment Date Letter, the First Amendment
Effective Date Letter, the Second Amendment Effective Date Letter, the Third Amendment Effective
Date Letter, the Fourth Amendment Effective Date Letter and, the Fifth Amendment Effective Date Letter
and the Tenth Amendment Effective Date Letter.
"Losses" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(a).
"Margin Stock" has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.
"Market Value" means, on any date of determination, (i) with respect to any Senior
Secured Loan or Second Lien Loan, the average indicative bid-side price determined by Markit Group
Limited or LoanX, Inc. (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that such bid
price is not available or is not indicative of the actual current market value, the market value of such
Senior Secured Loan or Second Lien Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and
in a commercially reasonable manner) and (ii) with respect to any other Portfolio Investment, the market
value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner, in each case, expressed as a percentage of par.
So long as no Market Value Event has occurred or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right to initiate a dispute of the Market Value of certain
Portfolio Investments as set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager provides the executable bid
or valuation set forth below no later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately
following the related date of determination; provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio
Investment whose Market Value is not determined by the Administrative Agent using Markit Group
Limited or LoanX, Inc., the Portfolio Manager may not initiate a dispute of the Market Value thereof until
the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment and
(y) the next date on which the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on behalf of the Company) delivers
financial statements to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(p).
If the Portfolio Manager disputes the determination of Market Value with respect to any
Portfolio Investment (i) whose Market Value is not determined by the Administrative Agent using Markit
Group Limited or LoanX, Inc., the Portfolio Manager may, with respect to up to three such Portfolio
Investments constituting not more than 50% of the Collateral Principal Amount in each calendar quarter,
- 16 -

(a) in respect of the first five (5) disputes initiated in each calendar quarter, the Portfolio Manager may
independently engage a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider and (b) in respect of any additional
disputes, the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent may jointly engage a Nationally
Recognized Valuation Provider, in each case, at the expense of the Company, to provide a valuation of
the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence of such valuation to the Administrative Agent;
provided that if the CompanyPortfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent or the Portfolio Manager,
as applicable, engages a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider that provides a range of valuations,
then the valuation for the purposes of this clause (i) shall be equal to the mean of the highest and lowest
valuations of such range, and (ii) whose Market Value is determined by the Administrative Agent using
Markit Group Limited or LoanX, Inc., the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense of the Company, obtain
a written executable bid from an Independent Broker-Dealer for the lower of (x) the full principal amount
of such Portfolio Investment and (y) an amount equal to at least U.S.$7,500,000 and submit evidence of
such bid to the Administrative Agent; provided that the Administrative Agent has the ability to execute
any such bid by selling any portion of such Portfolio Investment held by the Administrative Agent or its
Affiliate for its own account directly to any such Independent Broker-Dealer (or indirectly through a
broker or other intermediary reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) at the time such bid is
delivered to the Administrative Agent by the Portfolio Manager.
The market value of any Portfolio Investment determined in accordance with the
immediately preceding paragraph will be the Market Value for the applicable Portfolio Investment from
and after (but not earlier than) the Business Day following delivery of notice of such executable bid or
valuation to the Administrative Agent until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and
commercially reasonable determination that the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment has changed,
in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with the
definition of Market Value).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio
Investment shall not be greater than the par amount thereof, (B) the Market Value of any Ineligible
Investment shall be deemed to be zero, (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as
invalid any bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Broker-Dealer if, in the
Administrative Agent's good faith judgment: (i) such Independent Broker-Dealer is ineligible to accept
assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion thereof, as applicable, substantially
in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for such Portfolio Investment,
as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; or (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona
fide due to the insolvency of the Independent Broker-Dealer and (D) no valuation provided by a
Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider shall be effective unless it is in form and substance
commercially reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and takes into account factors
commonly used by market participants in conducting valuation processes, including without limitation (i)
industry and comparable company analysis, (ii) market yield assumptions, (iii) credit fundamentals,
cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment's obligor; (iv) historical material
debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investment's obligor (if relevant) and (v) other
corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment's obligor (if relevant).
The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company, the Portfolio Manager and the
Collateral Administrator in writing of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment in the
Portfolio no later than the 5th day of each calendar month or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio
Manager. Any notification from the Administrative Agent to the Company that the events set forth in
clause (A)(i) of the definition of the term Market Value Event have occurred and is continuing shall be
accompanied by a written statement showing the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment.
- 17 -

- 19 -
Amendment Date
Period Start Date
One day prior to the Tenth
Amendment Effective Date
234,500,000
Period End Date
(or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the
related Trade Date thereof.
"Market Value Trigger" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets,
operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, taken as a
whole, (b) the ability of the Company or the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or
the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.
"Material Amendment" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c).
"Maturity Date" means the date that is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date
set forth on the Transaction Schedule, (2) the date on which the Secured Obligations become due and
payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured
Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as
a result of one or more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4)
the date after a Market Value Event on which all Portfolio Investments have been sold and the proceeds
therefrom have been received by the Company.
"Maximum Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.
"Mezzanine Obligation" means a Portfolio Investment which is unsecured, subordinated
debt of a company that represents a claim on such company's assets which is senior only to that of the
equity securities of such company.
"Minimum Equity Test" means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if
the sum of the Net Asset Value minus the Net Advances as of such date exceeds the Market Value of the
four (4) largest Portfolio Investments (after giving effect to any haircuts applied for the purposes of the
Concentration Limitations) as of such date.
"Minimum Funding Amount" means, with respect to the Financing Commitment, on any
date of determination, the amount set forth in the table below; provided that, on and after any
Commitment Increase Date, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be the amount specified above plus
70% of the increase in the Financing Commitment resulting from the Commitment Increase Request and
any prior Commitment Increase Request:
Tenth Amendment Effective Date
Minimum Funding Amount
(U.S.$ or % of the Financing
Commitment)
To and including the last day of
the Reinvestment Period
If an Optional Commitment
Reduction Date has occurred,
pursuant to the chart set forth
below
If an Optional Commitment 

- 20 -
Optional Commitment Reduction
Date, if any
The day three (3) months minus
one day following the Optional
Commitment Reduction Date, if
any
Following an Optional Commitment Reduction Date:
0%
The day three (3) months
following the Optional
Commitment Reduction Date, if
any
Period Start Date
The day six (6) months minus one
day following the Optional
Commitment Reduction Date, if
any
25%
Period End Date
The day six (6) months following
the Optional Commitment
Reduction Date, if any
Minimum Funding Amount
(U.S.$ or % of the Financing
Commitment)
Thereafter 50%
"MV Cure Account" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).
"Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider" means (i) Houlihan Lokey Howard &
Zukin, (ii) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (iii) Duff & Phelps Corp., (iv)
Valuation Research Corporation, (v) FTI Consulting, Inc. and (vi) Murray Devine and (vii) Alvarez &
Marsal; provided that any independent entity providing professional asset valuation services may be
added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) or added to this
definition by the Administrative Agent from time to time by notice thereof to the Company and the
Portfolio Manager; provided, further, that (A) the Administrative Agent may remove up to three
providers from this definition by written notice to the Company and the Portfolio Manager and (B) upon
any such removal, the Company may add an equivalent number of entities providing professional asset
valuation services to this definition (with the consent of the Administrative Agent).
"Net Advances" means the principal amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of
Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments which have traded but not
settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in the Accounts, the Permitted CAD Accounts, the Permitted
EUR Accounts and the Permitted GBP Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing
Principal Proceeds (other than Principal Proceeds that have been identified for use to settle outstanding
Purchase Commitments which have traded but not settled).
"Net Asset Value" means, (A) the sum of (I) the Market Value of each Portfolio
Investment (both owned and in respect of which there are outstanding Purchase Commitments which have
traded but not settled) in the Portfolio that is not (x) an Ineligible Investment or (y) a Portfolio Investment
which has traded but not settled (i) in the case of a Loan, within fifteen (15) Business Days (or such
longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the related Trade
Date thereof and (ii) in the case of any other Portfolio Investment, within three (3) Business Days (or such
Reduction Date has not occurred,
234,500,000

longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the related Trade
Date thereof, multiplied by (II) the funded principal amount of such Portfolio Investment minus (B) the
Unfunded Exposure Shortfall; provided that product of the Market Value and the Concentration
Limitation Excess will be excluded from the calculation of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of
zero for such purposes.
"New York Collateral" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(b).
"Non-Call Period" means the period beginning on, and including, the Amendment Date
and ending on, but excluding, November 22, 2022January 17, 2027.
"Non-Call Termination Event" means, at any time, that (a)(i) the Company has properly
delivered at least ten (10) Notices of Acquisition over the course of the prior twelve calendar month
period relating to proposed Portfolio Investments having credit characteristics similar to the Initial
Portfolio Investments, (ii) each Notice of Acquisition has satisfied the Eligibility Criteria and approval
process set forth in this Agreement (other than any requirement to obtain the consent of the
Administrative Agent) and (iii) the Administrative Agent has rejected at least five (5) of such requests or
(b) the Lenders or the Administrative Agent demand compensation pursuant to Section 3.01(f).
"Notice of Acquisition" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02.
"NYFRB" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
"Optional Commitment Reduction Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.07(a).
"Original Effective Date" means December 23, 2015.
"Original Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the recitals.
"Other Connection Taxes" means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a
result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such
Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest
under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned
an interest in any Advance or Loan Document).
"Other Plan Law" means any federal, state, local or other law or regulation that could
cause the underlying assets of the Company to be treated as assets of any governmental, church, non-U.S.
or other benefit plan (other than a Plan).
"Other Taxes" means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible,
recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery,
performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or
otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes
imposed with respect to an assignment.
"Parent" has the meaning set forth in the recitals.
"Partial PIK Portfolio Investment" means a Senior Secured Loan or a Second Lien Loan
whose Underlying Instruments permit the "payment in kind" of interest, but require that interest at a rate
- 21 -

at least equal to the sum of (a) the reference rate applicable to such Senior Secured Loan or Second Lien
Loan plus (b) 2.5% is paid in cash on at least a semi-annual basis.
"Participant Register" has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).
"Participation Interest" means a participation interest in a Loan or a debt security.
"PATRIOT Act" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f).
"Permitted CAD Account" means (i) the CAD Collection Account and/or (ii) the CAD
Unfunded Exposure Account.
"Permitted Currency" means USD, CAD, EUR and GBP.
"Permitted Distribution" means, on any Business Day, distributions of (x) Interest
Proceeds and (y) prior to November 22, 2022, Principal Proceeds (in each case, at the discretion of the
Company) to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company); provided that amounts may
be distributed pursuant to this definition only to the extent of available Excess Interest Proceeds and
Principal Proceeds and only so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
(or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (ii) no Market Value Event shall have
occurred (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (iii) the Borrowing Base Test
is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (iv) all Portfolio
Investments satisfied the Eligibility Criteria on the Trade Date or Substitution Date, as applicable, for
their acquisition by the Company, (v) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days' prior written
notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, (vi) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in
writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the
conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth herein are satisfied, (vii) not more than five Permitted
Distributions are made in any single Calculation Period and (viii) the Minimum Equity Test is satisfied.
"Permitted EUR Account" means (i) the EUR Collection Account and/or (ii) the EUR
Unfunded Exposure Account.
"Permitted GBP Account" means (i) the GBP Collection Account and/or (ii) the GBP
Unfunded Exposure Account.
"Permitted Lien" means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not
at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been
provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen's, warehousemen's,
mechanics', carriers', workmen's and repairmen's Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of
law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith,
(c) with respect to any collateral underlying a Portfolio Investment, the Lien in favor of the Company and
Liens permitted under the related underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments, (d) as to agented
Portfolio Investments, Liens in favor of the agent on behalf of all the lenders of the related obligor, (e)
Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, and (f) bankers' Liens, rights of setoff and other
similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more
accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of
the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with
respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements.
- 22 -

"Principal Proceeds" means all amounts received with respect to the Portfolio
Investments or any other Collateral, and all amounts otherwise on deposit in the Accounts, the Permitted
CAD Accounts, the Permitted EUR Accounts and the Permitted GBP Accounts (including cash
contributed by the Company), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit in the
Unfunded Exposure Account, the CAD Unfunded Exposure Account, the EUR Unfunded Exposure
Account or the GBP Unfunded Exposure Account.
"Priority of Payments" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.
"Proceeding" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).
"Purchase" means each acquisition of a Portfolio Investment hereunder (other than by
Substitution), including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of a contribution by the Parent to the
Company pursuant to the Parent Sale Agreement and, in the case of the Permitted Subsidiary, origination
of such Portfolio Investment, directly or indirectly.
"Purchase Commitment" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02.
"Recurring Revenue Loan" means a Loan underwritten based on the definition of
"annualized recurring revenue" (or an equivalent term) in the Underlying Instruments, or if no such
definition exists in such Underlying Instruments, all recurring maintenance, service, support, hosting,
subscription and other revenues identified by the Portfolio Manager, including, without limitation,
software as a service subscription revenue, and designated as a Recurring Revenue Loan by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
"Reference Rate" means (i) with respect to Advances denominated in USD and related
calculations, the applicable Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to Advances denominated in CAD and
related calculations, Adjusted Term CORRA, (iii) with respect to Advances denominated in GBP and
related calculations, Daily Simple SONIA and (iv) with respect to Advances denominated in EUR and
related calculations, EURIBOR. The Reference Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent
(and notified in writing to the Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager), and such
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
"Reference Time" with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if
such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. Chicago time two (2) Business Days preceding the
date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.
"Register" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(b).
"Reinvestment Period" means the period beginning on, and including, the Amendment
Date and ending on, but excluding, the earliest of (i) January 2217, 20252028, (ii) the date on which a
Market Value Event occurs, (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs and (iv) the date on which
the investment period of the Parent terminates.
"Related Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.
"Relevant Governmental Body" means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in
respect of Advances denominated in USD, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any
successor thereto and (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated
- 24 -

in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark
Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising
either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b)
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency
in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is
responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such
Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial
Stability Board or any part thereof.
"Required Financing Providers" means the Financing Providers with respect to 66 2/3%
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances.
"Responsible Officer" means (a) with respect to the Collateral Agent, any officer of the
Collateral Agent customarily performing functions with respect to corporate trust matters and, with
respect to a particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer to whom such matter
is referred because of such officer's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject in each case,
having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement and (b) with respect to the Collateral
Administrator, any officer of the Collateral Administrator customarily performing functions with respect
to collateral administration matters and, with respect to a particular matter under this Agreement, any
other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officer's knowledge of and familiarity with
the particular subject in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement.
"Restricted Payment" means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including, without
limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on account of any shares or other equity
interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or
similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares
or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to
retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares or
other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding.
"Revolving Loan" means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but
including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines not backed by cash and letter of credit
facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar loans and investments) that
under the underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments relating thereto may require one or more future
advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor; but any such loan will be a Revolving Loan only to the
extent of undrawn commitments except as expressly set forth herein and only until all commitments by
the holders thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are terminated or are irrevocably
reduced to zero.
"Sanctioned Country" means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the
subject or target of any comprehensive or territory-wide Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk People's Republic, the so-called Luhansk People's
Republic and the Crimea region of Ukraine).
"Sanctioned Person" means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related
list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of
the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, any EU member state, His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant
sanctions authority, (b) any Person organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (c) any Person
- 25 -

owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d)
any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions.
"Sanctions" means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of
State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His Majesty's Treasury of the
United Kingdom.
"Second Amendment Effective Date" means October 4, 2021.
"Second Amendment Effective Date Letter" means the letter agreement, dated as of the
Second Amendment Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.
"Second Lien Loan" means a Loan (i) that is secured by a pledge of collateral, which
security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to liens for taxes or regulatory charges
and any other liens permitted under the related underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments that are
reasonable and customary for similar loans) under Applicable Law (other than a Loan that is second
priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that
the value of the collateral securing the loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of
origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof
plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same
collateral.
"Secured Obligation" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).
"Secured Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).
"Senior Secured Loan" means any interest in a loan, including any assignment of or
participation in or other interest in a loan, that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to
become) subordinate in right of payment to any obligation of the obligor in any bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a
Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan
agreementUnderlying Instrument), (ii) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (a)
validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted under the applicable
credit agreementUnderlying Instrument that are reasonable for similar loans, and liens accorded priority
by law in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the
accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit
accounts, investments accounts and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under
Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority lien on such assets a "Permitted
Working Capital Lien") and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens for taxes or regulatory
charges and any other liens permitted under the related underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments
that are reasonable and customary for similar loans) in all other collateral under Applicable Law, and (iii)
the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such loan (including
based on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal
balance of the loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other loans of equal or higher seniority
secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral. For the avoidance of doubt, debtor-in-possession
loans and FLLO Loans shall constitute Senior Secured Loans.
"Settlement Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.
- 26 -

"Substitution" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.05.
"Substitution Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.
"Taxes" means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions,
withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any
Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
"Tenth Amendment Effective Date" means January 17, 2025.
"Tenth Amendment Effective Date Letter" means the letter agreement, dated as of the
Tenth Amendment Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.
"Term CORRA" means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated
in CAD, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor of three (3) months, as such rate is published by
the Term CORRA Administrator on the Term CORRA Determination Date for such Calculation Period;
provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the Term CORRA Determination Date the
Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator,
then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term
CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate
for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator; provided, further, that, in the event that
Term CORRA is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be the zero for purposes of this Agreement.
"Term CORRA Adjustment" means a percentage equal to 0.32138% (32.138 basis
points).
"Term CORRA Administrator" means Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc.,
TSX Inc., or any successor administrator.
"Term CORRA Determination Date" means, with respect to each Calculation Period, the
day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Calculation Period.
"Term CORRA Reference Rate" the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA.
"Term SOFR Rate" means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance
denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2)
Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period for rates with a tenor of three
months, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.
"Term SOFR Reference Rate" means, for any day and time (such day, the "Term SOFR
Determination Day"), for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated in USD, the rate
per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR;
provided that if the Term SOFR Reference Rate as so determined would be less than 0%, such rate shall
be deemed to be 0% for the purposes of this Agreement. If by 5:00 pm (Central time) on the fifth (5th)
Business Day immediately following any Term SOFR Determination Day, the "Term SOFR Reference
Rate" for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, then the
Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference
Rate as published in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference
Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day
is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.
- 28 -

"Third Amendment Effective Date Letter" means the letter agreement, dated as of
January 4, 2022, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.
"Trade Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.
"UCC" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(b).
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement
excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement as so determined would be less than zero percent, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
will be deemed to be zero percent for the purposes of this Agreement.
"Underlying Instruments" means the loan agreement, credit agreement, indenture or other
agreement pursuant to which a Portfolio Investment has been issued or created and each other agreement
that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Portfolio Investment or of which
the holders of such Portfolio Investment are the beneficiaries.
"Unfunded Exposure Account" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).
"Unfunded Exposure Amount" means, on any date of determination, the sum (determined
on a traded basis), with respect to each Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, of an amount
equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments (in the case of unfunded commitments
denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, converted to USD at the Spot Rate on such date of
determination) associated with such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as applicable.
"Unfunded Exposure Shortfall" means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to
the greater of (x) 0 and (y) the Unfunded Exposure Amount minus (a) amounts on deposit in the
Unfunded Exposure Account, the CAD Unfunded Exposure Account, the EUR Unfunded Exposure
Account and the GBP Unfunded Exposure Account and (b) 2.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount.
"USD" or "U.S. Dollars" means United States dollars.
"U.S. Person" means any Person that is a "United States person" as defined in Section
7701(a)(30) of the Code.
"U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f).
"Working Capital Revolver" means a revolving lending facility secured by all or a
portion of the current assets of the related obligor, which current assets subject to such security interest do
not constitute a material portion of the obligor's total assets.
ARTICLE I
THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS
SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments. On the Original Effective Date,
the Company acquired the Initial Portfolio Investments and has acquired additional Portfolio Investments
in accordance with the Original Agreement from time to time thereafter. From time to time on and after
the Fifth A&R Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase (or cause
the Permitted Subsidiary to Purchase) additional Portfolio Investments, or request that Portfolio
- 29 -

Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c) the occurrence of a Market Value Event (or, if earlier,
the date of termination of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Article VII).
A Financing Provider with a Financing Commitment to make Advances hereunder is
referred to as a "Lender".
SECTION 2.02. [reserved]
SECTION 2.03. Financings; Use of Proceeds.
(a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a
Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 both as of the related Trade Date and Settlement Date, the
applicable Financing Providers will make the applicable Financing available to the Company on the
related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related specified borrowing date if no Portfolio Investment is
being acquired on such date) as provided herein; provided that, if no Portfolio Investment is being
acquired on such date, only the conditions set forth in clauses (3) and (4) of Section 1.03 shall require
satisfaction or waiver.
(b) Except as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Financing Provider to
make any Advance required hereunder shall not relieve any other Financing Provider of its obligations
hereunder. If any Financing Provider shall fail to provide any Financing to the Company required
hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision
hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such
Financing Provider to satisfy such Financing Provider's obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied
obligations are fully paid.
(c) The Company shall use the proceeds of the Financings received by it hereunder
to purchase the Portfolio Investments identified in the related Notice of Acquisition or to make advances
to the obligor of Delayed Funding Term Loans or Revolving Loans in accordance with the underlying
instrumentsUnderlying Instruments relating thereto, provided that, if the proceeds of a Financing are
deposited in the Collection Account, the CAD Collection Account, the EUR Collection Account or the
GBP Collection Account as provided in Section 3.01 prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio
Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the related Settlement
Date, or if there are proceeds of such Financing remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to Section
3.01(a), upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds as
provided in Section 4.05. The proceeds of the Financings shall not be used for any other purpose.
(d) With respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the
Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New
York City time, one (1) Business Day prior to the Business Day specified as the date on which such
Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in
accordance with the terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such
that, after giving effect thereto and the related purchase (if any) of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s),
the Borrowing Base Test and the Minimum Equity Test are each satisfied.
(e) [Reserved]
(f) If two Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, the Company
has any outstanding unfunded obligations to make future advances under any Delayed Funding Term
Loan or Revolving Loan, then the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to have
- 35 -

uninvested. Not later than the fifth Business Day following receipt, the Company shall cause the
Permitted Subsidiary to distribute all Principal Proceeds received by it to the Company as a dividend or
equivalent equity distribution and deposit such Principal Proceeds into the Collection Account.
Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account, the CAD Collection Account,
the EUR Collection Account or the GBP Collection Account, as applicable, shall be withdrawn by the
Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative
Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement with prior written notice to
the Administrative Agent, (ii) towards the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in
accordance with this Agreement with prior written notice to the Administrative Agent or (iii) to make
Permitted Distributions in accordance with this Agreement with two (2) Business Days prior notice to the
Administrative Agent.
The Portfolio Manager shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent if
the Portfolio Manager reasonably determines in good faith that any amounts in the Collection Account,
the CAD Collection Account, the EUR Collection Account or the GBP Collection Account, as applicable,
have been deposited in error or do not otherwise constitute Principal Proceeds, whereupon such amounts
on deposit in the Collection Account, the CAD Collection Account, the EUR Collection Account or the
GBP Collection Account, as applicable, may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the
Company and with written confirmation from the Administrative Agent (or, upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the
Administrative Agent)) on the next succeeding Business Day and remitted to the Company. For the
avoidance of doubt, Principal Proceeds received in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment
pursuant to Section 1.04 following a Market Value Event shall be used to prepay Advances as set forth
therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent.
SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee.
(a) The Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together
with accrued interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender on the Maturity
Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Accounts, any Permitted
CAD Account, any Permitted EUR Account or any Permitted GBP Account shall be applied to the
satisfaction of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in
accordance with the Priority of Payments.
(b) Accrued interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest
Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and on the Maturity Date in accordance with the
Priority of Payments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the second sentence of Section 3.01(b)
shall be payable on demand and (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances,
accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment
or prepayment. "Interest Payment Date" means the fifth Business Day after the last day of each
Calculation Period.
(c)
(i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the
right from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part (A) on any Business
Day that JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent or
following the date of a Non-Call Termination Event, (B) in connection with a Market Value Cure
or to cure a Default described in Article VII(n) or, (C) subject to the payment of the premium
- 48 -

described in clause (ii) below, up to but not more than three times during any Calculation Period;
provided that, the Company may not prepay any outstanding Advances pursuant to this Section
4.03(c)(i)(C) during the Non-Call Period in an amount that would cause the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be below the Minimum Funding Amount or (D)
one time on the Optional Commitment Reduction Date in any amount up to the amount of the
then-current aggregate Advances. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document
(attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(A) or, Section
4.03(c)(i)(C) or Section 4.03(c)(i)(D) not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2)
Business Days before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall
specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly
following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the
contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure or to cure a Default described
in Article VII(n), each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances shall be in an amount not less
than U.S.$2,000,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest.
(ii) Each prepayment or commitment reduction pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) and
Section 4.07(a) that is made on or before the date which is 9six (6) months following the end of
the Non-Call Period, whether in full or in part, shall be accompanied by a premium equal to 1%
of the principal amount of such prepayment or commitment reduction; provided that no such
premium shall be payable with respect to any prepayment (or portion thereof) that does not
exceed the positive difference (if any) of (x) the then-current aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Advances over (y) the then-current Minimum Funding Amount (the "Excess
Funded Amount").
(d) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each
Lender, a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments which shall accrue at 0.750.55%
per annum on the average daily unused amount of the Financing Commitment of such Lender during the
period from and including the date of this Agreement to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment
Period. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, and on the
date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the
basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day).
(e) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent on the FifthTenth
Amendment Effective Date, for the account of each Lender, a fee in accordance with the FifthTenth
Amendment Effective Date Letter.
(f) Without limiting Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the obligation from
time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on any date with proceeds from sales of
Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth in
Sections 2.03(f) and 8.01(h). Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest.
SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account
(a) The Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with an Market
Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the
Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in
writing as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts in the
MV Cure Account shall be invested in overnight Eligible Investments at the written direction of the
Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Financing Providers). All amounts contributed to the
- 49 -

any Permitted EUR Account, any Permitted GBP Account or the Collection Account, as applicable, for
the Permitted Currency in respect of which there is a Currency Shortfall in an amount necessary to cure
such Currency Shortfall. Each such exchange shall occur no later than one Business Day prior to such
Interest Payment Date or Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, and shall be
made at the Spot Rate at the time of conversion. If for any reason the Company shall have failed to effect
any such currency exchange by the Business Day prior to such date, then the Administrative Agent shall
be entitled to (but shall not be obligated to) direct such currency exchange on behalf of the Company.
(c) At any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion direct the
Collateral Agent to exchange amounts held in any Permitted CAD Account, any Permitted EUR Account
or any Permitted GBP Account for USD, or exchange amounts in the Collection Account for any
Permitted Non-USD Currency, in each case, at the Spot Rate for application hereunder.
SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments.
(a) After the Non-Call Period (or any other date if JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent or a Non-Call Termination Event has occurred), the
Company shall be entitled at its option, subject to the payment of the premium described in Section
4.03(c)(ii), and upon three (3) Business Days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a
copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) to either (i) terminate the Financing
Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid interest, all
applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured contingent indemnification
and reimbursement obligations) or (ii) reduce in part the portion of the Financing Commitments that
exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances. In addition, the Company may reduce in part the portion
of the Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by the amount ofthat
exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances one time on any Business Day prior to July 17, 2025 in an
amount up to U.S.$235,000,000 (the "Optional Commitment Reduction Date") without any premium or
penalty at any time (for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no premium or penalty for any prepayment
of Advances pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) during the Reinvestment Period that exceeds the Excess
Funded Amount.following a Non-Call Termination Event); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Financing Commitments may not be reduced to an amount less than the then-current aggregate Advances.
(b) The Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced on
the date of any prepayment made in accordance with the definition of "Market Value Cure" or in
connection with the cure of a Default described in Article VII(n) in an amount equal to the amount of
such prepayment.
(c) [Reserved].
(d) All unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment Period
shall automatically be terminated.
(e) The Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any
repayment or prepayment of Advances following the last day of the Reinvestment Period.
ARTICLE V
THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER
SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager. The Company
hereby appoints the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio manager under this Agreement and to perform the
- 52 -

the Company or the Permitted Subsidiary (other than Liens in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the
Loan Documents, Permitted Liens and inchoate liens arising by operation of law);
(p) (x) shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative
Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following financial statements, reports and information:
(i) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent, a
copy of the audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income
for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such
year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; provided, that the
financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via
EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parent's annual report
on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are
made so available; (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal
quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated
and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal
quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated and
consolidating statements of income of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter
and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such
fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Parent and its consolidated
Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of
such fiscal quarter; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause
(ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange
Commission, in Parent's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative
Agent on the date such documents are made so available; and (iii) from time to time, such other
information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Financing
Providers may reasonably request so long as such information is within the possession of the Company or
may be obtained with neither undue burden nor expense; and (y) shall provide to the Administrative
Agent (i) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the end of each fiscal
quarter, commencing after the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, the identity of each Portfolio
Investment that is a Partial PIK Portfolio Investment and the portion of interest payable under such Partial
PIK Portfolio Investment that is actually being "paid in kind" rather than in cash (with such update to be
substantially in the form of Schedule 7 and which may be delivered via email) and (ii) from time to time,
such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request with respect to any Partial PIK Portfolio Investment;
(q) shall pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall
become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon the Company; provided that the Company shall not
be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount,
applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for
which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of
which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and shall
cause the Permitted Subsidiary to take all such actions;
(r) shall permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from
time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (A) to inspect and make copies of and
abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments and (B) to visit its properties in connection
with the collection, processing or managing of the Portfolio Investments for the purpose of examining
such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments or such Person's performance
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of
such Person having knowledge of such matters. The Company agrees to render to the Administrative
- 61 -

(ff) shall not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts other than the
Accounts, the Permitted CAD Accounts, the Permitted EUR Accounts and the Permitted GBP Accounts
and shall not permit the Permitted Subsidiary to maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts other
than the Pledged Accounts;
(gg) shall not act on behalf of, a country, territory, entity or individual that, at the time
of such act, is the subject or target of Sanctions, and none of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any
of their respective Affiliates, owners, directors or officers is a natural person or entity with whom dealings
are prohibited under Sanctions for a natural person or entity required to comply with such Sanctions. The
Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to
own or acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any country, territory, or entity whose direct
ownership would be or is prohibited under Sanctions for a natural person or entity required to comply
with Sanctions;
(hh) shall not permit the Permitted Subsidiary to Purchase any Subsidiary Investment
that is not held for the benefit of, or intended to be transferred to, the Company or the Parent;
(ii) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, shall not (and shall not permit the
Permitted Subsidiary to) cancel or terminate any of the underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments in
respect of a Portfolio Investment to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or
accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements unless (in each case) the Administrative
Agent shall have consented thereto in its sole discretion; and
(jj) shall give notice to the Administrative Agent promptly in writing upon (and in no
event later than three (3) Business Days (or, in the case of clause (ii)(y) and (iv) below, one (1) Business
Day) after) the Company or the Portfolio Manager has actual knowledge of the occurrence of any of the
following:
(i) any Adverse Proceeding;
(ii) any (x) Default or (y) Event of Default;
(iii) any adverse claim asserted against any of the Permitted Subsidiary, the Portfolio
Investments, the Accounts, any Permitted CAD Account, any Permitted EUR Account, any
Permitted GBP Account, the Pledged Accounts or any other Collateral; and
(iv) any Portfolio Investment becomes an Ineligible Investment.
SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the
Portfolio Manager receives any written notice or other written communication concerning any
amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related
underlying instrumentUnderlying Instrument or rights thereunder (each, an "Amendment") with respect to
any Portfolio Investment or any related underlying instrumentUnderlying Instrument, or makes any
affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, it will
give prompt (and in any event, not later than three (3) Business Days') notice thereof to the
Administrative Agent. In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and other powers of
ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio
Manager shall deem appropriate under the circumstances. If an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting and other powers
of ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Financing Providers)
shall instruct (it being understood that if the terms of the related underlying instrumentUnderlying
- 64 -

Instrument expressly prohibit or restrict any such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such
right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In any
such case, following the Company's receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly provide to the
Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments to underlying instrumentsUnderlying
Instruments, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or delivered in connection
with any Amendment.
ARTICLE VII
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") shall occur:
(a) the Company shall fail to pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured
Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other amounts) when and as the same shall
become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof
or otherwise and, in the case of amounts other than principal and interest, such failure continues
for a period of one (1) Business Day (or, in the case of a default in payment resulting solely from
an administrative error or omission by the Collateral Agent or from a Disruption Event, two (2)
Business Days) following the earlier of (x) the Company becoming aware of such failure or (y)
receipt of written notice by the Company of such failure;
(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the
Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Permitted Subsidiary (collectively, the "Credit Risk
Parties") or the Parent herein or in any Loan Document or any amendment or modification
thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other document (other than
projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry information or
information relating to third parties) furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or any
amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in
any material respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure of a
Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not
constitute a failure) and if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue
for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party or the Parent,
as applicable, of written notice of such inaccuracy from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an
officer of such Credit Risk Party or the Parent, as applicable, becoming aware of such inaccuracy
(or, if such failure could not reasonably be expected to be cured within 30 days, such Credit Risk
Party or the Parent, as applicable, commences and diligently pursues such cure and such failure is
cured within 45 days);
(c) (A) the Company (or to the extent it is obligated, the Permitted Subsidiary) shall
fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i)
through (vii), (xi) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (o), (t), (v), (dd), (ee) or (jj)
or (B) any Credit Risk Party or the Parent shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant,
condition or agreement contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio
Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute such
a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause (B), if such failure is
capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the
earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party or the Parent, as applicable, of written notice of
such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party or the
Parent, as applicable, becoming aware of such failure (or, if such failure could not reasonably be
- 65 -

Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan (including the payment of any amount in
connection with the sale thereof to the extent required under this Agreement) other than if the
Company provides the Administrative Agent with written notice in reasonable detail stating that
it has elected not to fund any applicable amount due to a good faith contractual dispute with
respect to the related Portfolio Investment or a determination by the Company that an advance is
not required under its underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments; provided that the failure of
the Company to undertake any action set forth in this clause (m) is not remedied within two
Business Days; or
(n) the Net Advances exceed the product of (a) 72.5% and (b) Net Asset Value and
the failure of the Company to maintain the required Net Asset Value set forth in this clause (n) is
not remedied within one Business Day after the earlier of (x) receipt by the Company and the
Portfolio Manager of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent or (y) the date
the Company or the Portfolio Manager has actual knowledge of the occurrence of such excess;
then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or
(e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in each case during the continuance of such event, the
Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Financing Providers shall, by notice to the
Company, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the
Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii)
declare all of the Secured Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in
which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to
be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together
with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall
become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind,
all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in case of any event with respect to the Company
described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate
and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the
Company.
ARTICLE VIII
ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY
SECTION 8.01. The Accounts; Agreement As to Control.
(a) Establishment and Maintenance of Accounts. The Company hereby appoints
Citibank, N.A. as Securities Intermediary and has directed and the Securities Intermediary hereby
acknowledges that it has established (1) an account designated as the "Custodial Account", (2) an account
designated as the "Collection Account", (3) an account designated as the "MV Cure Account", (4) an
account designated as the "Expense Reserve Account", (5) an account designated as the "Unfunded
Exposure Account", (6) the CAD Collection Account, (7) the CAD Unfunded Exposure Account, (8) the
EUR Collection Account, (9) the EUR Unfunded Exposure Account, (10) the GBP Collection Account
and (11) the GBP Unfunded Exposure Account (each such account set forth in clauses (1) through (11)
above and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the
Securities Intermediary, the "Accounts"), and the account numbers for the Accounts are set forth on the
Transaction Schedule. Promptly upon establishment of each such Permitted EUR Account, the Securities
Intermediary shall provide a written notice to each of the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Administrative Agent setting forth the account name and
account number of such account (such notice, the "EUR Account Opening Notice"). Promptly upon
- 67 -

- 2 -
5. Account Numbers
3.
U.S.$375,000,000, as
reduced from time to time
in conjunction with the
reduction of the Financing
Commitments pursuant to
Section 4.07.
Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the
contrary, not more than
20% of the Financing
Commitment may be
utilized in Permitted
Non-USD Currencies;
provided that not more than
10% of the Financing
Commitment may be
utilized in GBP.
Scheduled Termination Date:
Custodial Account:
November 22January 17, 20252030.
11548100
Applicable Margin for Advances in U.S.
Dollars:
With respect to interest based on the Term SOFR
Rate, 2.502.25% per annum.
With respect to interest based on the Base Rate,
2.352.25% per annum.
Collection Account: 11548200
Expense Reserve Account: 11548300
Applicable Margin for Advances in CAD: With respect to interest based on Adjusted Term
CORRA, 2.352.25% per annum.
With respect to interest based on the Base Rate,
2.352.25% per annum.
MV Cure Account: 11548400
Unfunded Exposure Account: 11548500
Applicable Margin for Advances in EUR: With respect to interest based on the EURIBOR,
2.352.25% per annum.
With respect to interest based on the Base Rate,
2.352.25% per annum.
CAD Collection Account: 12355183
CAD Unfunded Exposure Account:
4.
12355361
Applicable Margin for Advances in GBP: With respect to interest based on Daily Simple
SONIA, 2.352.25% per annum.
With respect to interest based on the Base Rate,
2.352.25% per annum.
EUR Collection Account:
Interest Rates
To be set forth in the applicable Account Opening

- 2 -
Maturi
ty
Asset Class Moody's
Industry
LTM
EBITDA (in
millions)
Current Pay
(Y/N)
LTM Capital
Expenditures
(in millions)
Jurisdiction Leverage
Through
Tranche (Net)
Syndication
Type
Financial
Covenants
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is hereby made to the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2021 (as amended from time to time,
the "Agreement"), among WhiteHorse Finance Credit I, LLC, as borrower (the "Company"), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as
administrative agent (the "Administrative Agent"), WhiteHorse Finance, Inc., as portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager"), the financing
providers party thereto and the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Agreement.
Pursuant to the Agreement, the Portfolio Manager hereby [requests approval for the Company to acquire][notifies the Administrative
Agent of the Company's intention to acquire] via [Purchase][Substitution] the following Portfolio Investment(s):
Recurring
Revenue Loan
(Y/N)
Lien Partial PIK
Portfolio
Investment
(Y/N)
Currency Tranche
Size
Identifier Price
(LoanX)
Spread/Coupon
(if PIK, PIK
component)
Base
Rate
Requested
Notional
Amount
Reference
Rate Floor
Obligor
To the extent available, we have included herewith (1) the material underlying instruments (including the collateral and security
documents) relating to each such Portfolio Investment, (2) audited financial statement for the previous most recently ended three years of the
obligor of each such Portfolio Investment, (3) quarterly statements for the previous most recently ended eight fiscal quarters of the obligor of each
such Portfolio Investment, (4) any appraisal or valuation reports conducted by third parties in connection with the proposed investment by the
Company, (5) applicable "proof of existence" details (if requested by the Administrative Agent) and (6) the ratio of indebtedness to EBITDA as
calculated by the Portfolio Manager. The Portfolio Manager acknowledges that it will provide such other information from time to time
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.
Very truly yours,
WHITEHORSE FINANCE, INC., as Portfolio Manager
By__________________________________
Name:
Title:

SCHEDULE 3
Eligibility Criteria
1. Each Portfolio Investment is a Senior Secured Loan, Second Lien Loan, FLLO Loan or a debt
security and is not a Synthetic Security, a Zero-Coupon Security, a Structured Finance
Obligation, a Participation Interest (other than Initial Portfolio Investments), a Mezzanine
Obligation (or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other unsecured obligation of an obligor) or a
Letter of Credit.
2. Such Portfolio Investment does not require the making of any future advance or payment by the
Company to the issuer thereof or any related counterparty except in connection with a Delayed
Funding Term Loan or a Revolving Loan.
3. Such Portfolio Investment is (i) eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Company
and pledged to the Collateral Agent and (ii) able to be sold by the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent or their respective designees, including following the occurrence of an Event of
Default or Market Value Event and, to the extent there is an express prohibition (other than
customary transfer restrictions, including (a) obtaining the consent of the obligor or any agent and
(b) a prohibition on assignment to disqualified institutions and competitors of the related obligor
or any direct or indirect equity owner of the obligor (in each case, in a manner consistent with
market practice in the relevant market as notified by the Company to the Administrative Agent;
provided that the delivery of the Underlying Instruments to the Administrative Agent will
constitute adequate notice of any requirements to obtain consent of the obligor or any agent set
forth therein)) on the pledging or transfer of such obligation, a consent from the applicable
general partner, managing member, board of directors or any similar governing body of the
obligor of the Portfolio Investment authorizing and consenting to the pledge or transfer of such
obligation shall have been obtained.
4. Such Portfolio Investment is denominated and payable in USD, CAD, EUR or GBP.
5. Such Portfolio Investment is issued by a company organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction and, if
such company is not organized in the United States, such company has submitted to jurisdiction
in the United States in the related underlying instrumentUnderlying Instrument and the related
underlying instrumentUnderlying Instrument is governed by the laws of a State of the United
States.
6. Such Portfolio Investment provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least
semi-annually (other than with respect to a Partial PIK Portfolio Investment).
7. (x) Such Portfolio Investment (i) is not subject to ana payment or bankruptcy or insolvency
related event of default (as defined in the underlying instrumentsUnderlying Instruments for such
Portfolio Investment) in accordance with its terms (including the terms of its underlying
instrumentsUnderlying Instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in
the related loan agreementUnderlying Instruments, but not to exceed five (5) days) and (ii) has
not been accelerated, cancelled, terminated, liquidated or otherwise subject to an exercise of
creditor remedies by the lenders or agents (or noteholders or equivalent) thereunder as a result of
any other event of default and (y) no Indebtedness of the obligor thereon ranking pari passu with
or senior to such Portfolio Investment is in default with respect to the payment of principal or
interest for which the lenders for such pari passu Indebtedness have elected to accelerate such
Indebtedness, which such default would trigger a default under the related loan agreement ((i) is 

subject to a payment related event of default (as defined in the Underlying Instruments for such
Portfolio Investment) after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the related
loan agreementUnderlying Instruments, but not to exceed five (5) days) (a "Defaulted
Obligation").or (ii) has been accelerated, cancelled, terminated, liquidated or otherwise subject to
an exercise of creditor remedies by the lenders or agents (or noteholders or equivalent) thereunder
as a result of any other event of default.
8. On the Trade Date, the timely repayment of such Portfolio Investment is not subject to
non-credit-related risk as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its good faith and reasonable
judgment.
9. Such Portfolio Investment is not an equity security and does not provide, on the date of
acquisition, for conversion or exchange at any time over its life into an equity security.
10. Such Portfolio Investment will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral to be required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
11. In the case of a Portfolio Investment that is a Senior Secured Loan, Second Lien Loan or FLLO
Loan, (i) the Administrative Agent is an "Eligible Assignee" (as such term, or comparable term, is
defined in the documents evidencing such Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment is
otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Administrative Agent and (ii) if
the Portfolio Manager and the administrative agent in respect of such Portfolio Investment are
affiliates, within 30 days following the date of the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment by the
Company (or, if the Fifth A&R Effective Date is later than the date of the Purchase of such
Portfolio Investment, within 30 days following the Fifth A&R Effective Date), the Company shall
have delivered to the Administrative Agent an assignment agreement duly executed by the
administrative agent and/or obligor in respect of such Portfolio Investment, naming the
Administrative Agent as assignee.
12. The Portfolio Investment has been, or substantially concurrently with the acquisition thereof will
be, Delivered to the Collateral Agent.
The following capitalized terms used in this Schedule 3 shall have the meanings set forth below:
"Eligible Jurisdictions" means the United States and any State therein, Canada, the
United Kingdom and any country within the European Economic Area.
"Letter of Credit" means a facility whereby (i) a fronting bank ("LOC Agent Bank")
issues or will issue a letter of credit ("LC") for or on behalf of a borrower pursuant to an
underlying instrumentUnderlying Instrument, (ii) if the LC is drawn upon, and the borrower does
not reimburse the LOC Agent Bank, the lender/participant is obligated to fund its portion of the
facility and (iii) the LOC Agent Bank passes on (in whole or in part) the fees and any other
amounts it receives for providing the LC to the lender/participant.
"Structured Finance Obligation" means any obligation issued by a special purpose
vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool of receivables
or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and
mortgage-backed securities.
- 2 -

of the EUR Account Opening Notice not more than 0.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may
consist of Portfolio Investments denominated and payable in EUR.
8. Not more than 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments
whose primary obligor is located in Canada.
9. Not more than 15% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Partial PIK Portfolio
Investments; provided that Partial PIK Portfolio Investments that provide for periodic payments
of interest thereon in cash at least semi-annually with an applicable margin greater than or equal
to 5.5% per annum shall be excluded from the limitations set forth in this clause 9.
- 5 -

3.
1.
Portfolio Investment
4.
Paid PIK Interest in Quarter
ended [Insert immediately prior
Quarter] (Y/N)
SCHEDULE 7
Form of Partial PIK Portfolio Investment Notifications
5.
2.
Coupon Paid (Cash / PIK
Interest)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>whf-20250117xex10d1g035.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>whf-20250117.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.SCH
<TEXT>
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

99900 - Disclosure - Standard And Custom Axis Domain Defaults 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>whf-20250117_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.DEF
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>whf-20250117_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.LAB
<TEXT>
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Seven Point Eight Seven Five Percent Notes Due Twenty Twenty Eight [Member] 
7.875% Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Adress Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>whf-20250117_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>EX-101.PRE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 17, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 17, 2025

Entity Registrant Name WhiteHorse Finance, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 814-00967

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-4247759

Entity Address, Address Line One 1450 Brickell Avenue

Entity Address, Adress Line Two 31st Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address State Or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33131

City Area Code 305

Local Phone Number 381-6999

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001552198

Amendment Flag false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol WHF

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

7.875% Notes Due 2028 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.875% Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol WHFCL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=whfcl_SevenPointEightSevenFivePercentNotesDueTwentyTwentyEightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://whitehorsefinancial.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

whf-20250117.xsd 
whf-20250117_def.xml 
whf-20250117_lab.xml 
whf-20250117_pre.xml 
whf-20250117x8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>0001558370-25-000319-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>whf-20250117x8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001552198 

whfcl:SevenPointEightSevenFivePercentNotesDueTwentyTwentyEightMember 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

0001552198 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

0001552198 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

0001552198 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-17 
WhiteHorse Finance, Inc. 
DE 
814-00967 
45-4247759 
1450 Brickell Avenue 
31st Floor 
Miami 
FL 
33131 
305 
381-6999 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
WHF 
NASDAQ 
7.875% Notes due 2028 
WHFCL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>