<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-020354.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-020354.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304163202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-020354
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250304
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OMNICELL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000926326
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				943166458
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33043
		FILM NUMBER:		25705218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4220 NORTH FREEWAY
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8774159990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4220 NORTH FREEWAY
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNICELL, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070412

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNICELL INC /CA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OMNICELL COM /CA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000419
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257997d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000092632600009263262025-03-042025-03-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.
C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF

1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): March 4, 2025

OMNICELL, INC.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-33043 94-3166458

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification Number)

4220 North Freeway

Fort Worth, TX76137

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(877) 415-9990

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which
registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value OMCL NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 4, 2025,
Omnicell, Inc. (the Company) entered into an employment agreement with Randall A. Lipps, pursuant to which he
will continue to serve as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer (the CEO Employment Agreement).
The CEO Employment Agreement has a term through December 31, 2027. During the term of the CEO Employment Agreement, the
payments and benefits to which Mr. Lipps is entitled include: (i) an annual base salary of no less than $833,000,
(ii) eligibility for an annual cash bonus targeted at not less than 125% of his then-current base salary, and (iii) an
annual long-term incentive award having a grant date fair value of no less than $6,375,000. Mr. Lipps will also continue to be
eligible for benefits the Company may provide from time to time to similarly situated employees and to participate in the benefit
plans and allowances for which he is currently eligible to the extent the Company continues to provide such benefits to employees in
general.

In the event Mr. Lippss
employment is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for Cause (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), death or disability,
or Mr. Lipps resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), prior to the grant of his annual equity incentive
award for the 2027 fiscal year, then, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in favor of the Company
and compliance with certain restrictive covenants related to non-competition, non-solicitation of customers and non-recruitment of employees
(Release and Noncompete Requirement), Mr. Lipps will be entitled to: (i) accrued and unpaid benefits, (ii) a
cash severance payment equal to three (3) times the sum of his then-current base salary plus his target annual bonus for the year
of termination; (iii) a payment equal to a pro rata portion of his target annual bonus for the year of termination; (iv) accelerated
vesting of any then-unvested equity-based awards that were granted during the term of the CEO Employment Agreement and in 2025 prior to
the commencement of the CEO Employment Agreement, if any, subject to any more Executive-favorable (but not any less Executive-favorable)
provisions in the applicable equity award agreement or equity incentive plan (provided that any such equity-based awards that are performance
share units contingent on achievement of a performance goal shall be earned based on actual performance following completion of the applicable
performance period); (v) subject to timely enrollment in COBRA, Company-paid COBRA premiums for eighteen (18) months; and (vi) up
to one (1) year of outplacement services.

In the event Mr. Lippss
employment is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for Cause, death or disability or Mr. Lipps resigns for Good Reason
after the grant of his annual equity incentive award for the 2027 fiscal year, then, subject to the Release and Noncompete Requirement,
Mr. Lipps will be entitled to: (i) accrued and unpaid benefits, (ii) a cash severance payment equal to one and one-half
(1.5) times the sum of his then-current base salary plus his target annual bonus for the year of termination; (iii) a payment equal
to a pro rata portion of his target annual bonus for the year of termination; (iv) accelerated vesting of any then-unvested equity-based
awards that were granted during the term of the CEO Employment Agreement and in 2025 prior to the commencement of the CEO Employment Agreement,
if any, subject to any more Executive-favorable (but not any less Executive-favorable) provisions in the applicable equity award agreement
or equity incentive plan (provided that any such equity-based awards that are performance share units contingent on achievement of a performance
goal shall be earned based on actual performance following completion of the applicable performance period); (v) subject to timely
enrollment in COBRA, Company-paid COBRA premiums for eighteen (18) months; and (vi) up to one (1) year of outplacement services.

If Mr. Lippss
employment is terminated by the Company for any reason other than for Cause, death or disability, or if Mr. Lipps resigns for Good
Reason, in each case within six (6) months before or twenty-four (24) months following the occurrence of a Change in Control (as
defined in the CEO Employment Agreement), then, subject the Release and Noncompete Requirement, Mr. Lipps will be entitled to: (i) accrued
and unpaid benefits, (ii) a cash severance payment equal to the greater of (a) the cash severance that would have been payable
on a termination described in the preceding paragraphs and (b) two (2) times the sum of his then-current base salary plus his
target annual bonus for the year of termination; (iii) a payment equal to a pro rata portion of his target annual bonus for the year
of termination; (iv) accelerated vesting of any then-unvested equity-based awards that were granted during the term of the CEO Employment
Agreement and in 2025 prior to the commencement of the CEO Employment Agreement, if any, subject to any more Executive-favorable (but
not any less Executive-favorable) provisions in the applicable equity award agreement or equity incentive plan (provided that any such
equity-based awards that are performance share units contingent on achievement of a performance goal shall be earned at the greater of
target performance and performance achieved through the date of termination); (v) a cash payment equal to twenty-four (24) times
the initial monthly COBRA premium for the equivalent value of Mr. Lippss and his qualified covered family members continuation
of health, dental and vision coverage at the Companys expense; (vi) up to one (1) year of outplacement services; and
(vii) reimbursement of up to $15,000 in legal fees.

In addition, should Mr. Lippss
termination be the result of his Retirement (as defined in the CEO Employment Agreement) or as a result of the CEO Employment Agreement
reaching the end of its term, and such termination is nine (9) months or more after the grant date of any unvested time-based restricted
stock units then held by Mr. Lipps (including performance-based restricted stock units for which the performance conditions have
been satisfied such that only time-vesting conditions remain) or any unvested performance-based restricted stock units then held by Mr. Lipps,
then (i) all remaining unvested time-based restricted stock units that were granted during the term of the CEO Employment Agreement
and during 2025 prior to the commencement of the CEO Employment Agreement, if any, shall continue to vest and be settled in accordance
with the existing vesting schedule as if Mr. Lippss employment had continued, and (ii) all remaining unvested performance-based
restricted stock units that were granted during the term of the CEO Employment Agreement and during 2025 prior to the commencement of
the CEO Employment Agreement, if any, shall remain eligible to be earned and become vested and settled based on actual performance following
the end of the performance period.

To the extent that Mr. Lipps
is entitled to receive severance benefits under any employment or similar agreement, the Companys Executive Severance Plan or the
Amended and Restated Omnicell, Inc. Severance Benefit Plan (or any successor thereto), the benefits under the CEO Employment Agreement
shall be in lieu of (and not in addition to) any severance benefits thereunder (including, without limitation, under any Change of Control
Agreement or Change in Control Severance Letter). The terms of applicable benefit plans and equity award agreements shall continue to
apply except to the extent the CEO Employment Agreement provides otherwise, but, in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of
the CEO Employment Agreement and the terms of any applicable benefit plan or equity award agreement, the terms of the CEO Employment Agreement
shall control to the extent they are more favorable.

The foregoing summary is not
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the CEO Employment Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number Exhibit Description

10.1 Employment
Agreement by and between Omnicell, Inc. and Randall A. Lipps, effective as of March 4, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
hereunto duly authorized.

OMNICELL, INC.

Date: March 4, 2025 /s/ Corey J. Manley

Corey J. Manley

Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and Administrative Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257997d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

Employment Agreement

This
Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is
entered into effective as of the 4th day of March, 2025 by and between Omnicell, Inc. and Randall
A. Lipps (Executive). Unless
the context indicates otherwise, the term Company
means and includes Omnicell, Inc., its successors,
assigns, parents, subsidiaries, divisions and affiliates (whether incorporated or unincorporated), and all of its other related
entities.

WHEREAS, Executive
currently serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of its Board of Directors (the Board);
and

WHEREAS, the
Company and Executive desire to set forth their mutual agreement with respect to all matters relating to Executives continued employment
with the Company and as a member of the Board.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements contained herein, the adequacy and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Term
of Employment. Subject to Section 4, the Company shall continue to employ Executive through December 31, 2027. The period
from the date hereof through December 31, 2027 and any subsequent extension periods as may be mutually agreed to between the Company
and Executive are referred to herein as the Term, and the last day of the Term, assuming Executive remains employed
until such date and has complied with the provisions hereof, shall be referred to herein as the End Date.

2. Duties.
During the Term, Executive shall serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive shall have the normal duties,
responsibilities and authority of such position, subject to the power and direction of the Board to expand or limit such duties, responsibilities
and authority. During Executives employment, Executive shall devote all of his business time and efforts to the performance of
Executives duties on behalf of the Company, and will not engage in or be concerned with any other commercial duties or pursuits
without prior written permission of the Company, which may be provided by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall
preclude Executive from (i) serving as an officer or a member of charitable, educational or civic organizations; (ii) engaging
in charitable activities and community affairs; (iii) managing Executives personal investments and affairs; and, (iv) engaging
in limited commercial activities on Executives own time or while not expected to be providing services on behalf of the Company;
provided that such service and activities do not, in the Companys reasonable opinion, interfere with the performance of Executives
duties on behalf of the Company, create any conflict of interest as it relates to the Company, and are not represented in a manner that
suggests the Company supports or endorses the services or activities without the advance approval of the Company. Executive shall be responsible
for complying with all policies and operating procedures of the Company that are provided or made available to Executive in the performance
of Executives duties on behalf of the Company.

3. Compensation
and Benefits.

(a) Base
Salary. The Company will pay Executive a base salary during the Term. The initial gross annual rate of base salary
shall be $833,000. Executives base salary shall be payable in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures,
and may be adjusted upward in the sole discretion of the Board. Executives base salary shall not be adjusted downward without Executives
permission.

(b) Annual
Cash Bonus. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys annual cash performance-based bonus
program applicable to its senior executives at a level commensurate with his position; provided that his target bonus opportunity shall
be no less than 125% of his base salary.

(c) Long-Term
Incentive Compensation. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys long-term incentive
compensation program (LTIP) applicable to its senior executives at a level commensurate with his position; provided
that the target grant date fair value of his annual award under such program shall be no less than $6,375,000 per year.

(d) Benefits. During
the Term, (i) Executive shall be eligible for benefits the Company may provide from time to time to similarly situated employees,
and (ii) Executive shall continue to be eligible to participate in the benefit plans and allowances for which the Executive is eligible
as of the date hereof, including health care and dental benefits for Executive and his family, to the extent the Company continues to
provide such benefits to employees in general, and subject to any generally applicable changes.

(e) Expenses.
Upon submission of appropriate documentation, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred in connection
with the performance of Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies in effect
from time to time.

4. Termination
of Employment. Executives employment hereunder and the Term may be terminated as follows:

(a) Death
or Disability. The Term shall automatically terminate without notice to either party in the event of Executives death. The
Company shall also have the right to terminate the Term and the Executives employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
hereunder in the event that the Executive shall be unable to perform the Executives material duties, by virtue of illness or physical
or mental disability (from any cause or causes whatsoever) (Disability), for more than one-hundred eighty (180) consecutive
calendar days during any period of three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive calendar days, subject to applicable medical leave and
disability accommodation laws. In the event that Executives employment is terminated during the Term due to Executives death
or Disability, Executive (or, in the case of death, Executives legal representatives) shall be entitled to receive only the following
(collectively, the Accrued Benefits): (i) any earned but unpaid Base Salary, (ii) unpaid expense reimbursements
incurred in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies, (iii) earned and payable (in accordance with the
applicable bonus plan) but unpaid cash incentive bonuses for performance periods ending on or prior to the date of the termination, (iv) accrued
but unused vacation and any vested benefits Executive may be entitled to under any employee benefit plan of the Company. Such Accrued
Benefits will be paid within the time required by law but in no event more than 90 days after the termination. Except as otherwise provided
herein, any equity awards shall be treated as specified in the applicable plan and award agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
contained herein shall deprive Executive of any rights to death benefits or any rights triggered by death under any equity award agreement
or plan.

2

(b) Termination
by the Company for Cause. The Company shall have the right to terminate the Term and the Executives employment with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries immediately by delivery of written notice to the Executive after the occurrence of any event constituting Cause
(as defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an
intentional action or intentional failure to act by Executive that was performed in bad faith; (ii) Executives intentional
refusal or intentional failure to act in accordance with any lawful and proper direction or order of the Board; (iii) Executives
habitual neglect of the duties of employment; (iv) Executives indictment, charge, or conviction of a felony or any crime involving
moral turpitude, or participation in any act of theft or dishonesty, regardless of whether such act has had or could reasonably be expected
to have a material detrimental effect on the business of the Company or an affiliate; or (v) Executives violation of any material
provision of the Companys Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (EPIIA) or violation of
any material provision of any other contract executed by the Company and Executive or of any written policy or procedure of the Company
or an affiliate that is applicable to Executive. Other than during the Protection Period (as defined below), the determination that a
termination of Executives employment is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made in good faith by the Board, in its sole
discretion (and, for terminations during the Protection Period, such determination shall be made in good faith and shall not be subject
to any deference from any reviewing body). For purposes of this Agreement, Protection Period shall mean the period
beginning six months prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined below) and ending twenty-four (24) months following the
occurrence of a Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean a Change in Control
as defined in (x) the Omnicell, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan as of the effective date of this Agreement, (y) any prospectively
modified Change in Control definition in the Omnicell Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, and (y) any such definition stipulated in
a successor equity plan to the Omnicell Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. In the event that Executives employment is terminated
by the Company for Cause, Executive shall only be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits, except that Executive shall forfeit any earned
but unpaid Annual Bonus described in Section 4(a)(iii). Such Accrued Benefits will be paid within the time required by law but in
no event more than 90 days after the termination.

(c) Termination
by the Company Without Cause. The Company shall have the right to end the Term and terminate Executives employment with the
Company immediately by delivery of written notice to the Executive at any time and without Cause, subject to the Companys obligation
to provide the following to Executive:

(i) Accrued
Benefits. The Accrued Benefits (payable within the time required by law but in no event more than 90 days after the termination);

3

(ii) Cash
Severance. Subject to and contingent upon Executives execution and delivery of a general release of claims as provided by the
Company and substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A (the Release), the expiration of any revocation
period with respect to such Release within 60 days of the termination of employment (or such shorter period of time as specified by the
Company) without revocation by Executive, and Executives continued compliance with Section 6 (Executives compliance
with the release requirements and Section 6, collectively, the Release and Noncompete Requirement), the Company
will make a cash severance payment (the Severance Payment) to Executive, within 60 days of the termination of employment,
in an amount equal to:

(1) If
the termination occurs prior to the 2027 Long-Term Incentive Grant Date (as defined below) and except as otherwise set forth in Section 4(c)(ii)(3) below,
the product of 3.0 multiplied by the sum of Executives base salary as of the date of termination (excluding any reduction in base
salary that would constitute Good Reason) plus Executives target annual bonus for the year of termination (or, if Executives
target annual bonus for such year has not yet been determined, the target annual bonus for the prior year);

(2) If
the termination occurs on or after the 2027 Long-Term Incentive Grant Date and except as otherwise set forth in Section 4(c)(ii)(3) below,
the product of 1.5 multiplied by the sum of Executives base salary as of the date of termination (excluding any reduction in base
salary that would constitute Good Reason) plus Executives target annual bonus for the year of termination (or, if Executives
target annual bonus for such year has not yet been determined, the target annual bonus for the prior year); or

(3) If
the termination occurs during the Protection Period, the greater of (i) the severance that would have been provided under subsections
(1) and (2) above or (ii) the product of 2.0 multiplied by the sum of Executives base salary as of the date of termination
(excluding any reduction in base salary that would constitute Good Reason) plus Executives target annual bonus for the year of
termination (or, if Executives target annual bonus for such year has not yet been determined, the target annual bonus for the prior
year).

The 2027 Long-Term Incentive
Grant Date shall mean the effective date of Executives LTIP award granted by the Company in 2027.

Any Severance Payment that becomes due
will be payable in a lump sum on the 60th day following the termination of employment.

(iii) Pro
Rata Current Year Bonus. Subject to and contingent upon the Release and Noncompete Requirement, the Company will also pay Executive
an additional amount equal to Executives target annual bonus for the year of termination (or, if Executive has not yet been awarded
an annual bonus opportunity for the year of termination, an amount equal to Executives target bonus from the prior year), prorated
based on the number of calendar days during the year that elapsed prior to the termination of employment compared to the number of days
that comprise the full 12 months of the performance period, payable on the 60th day following the termination of employment
(provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such payment shall be in lieu of any other entitlement to an annual bonus for the year of
termination);

4

(iv) Equity-Based
Awards. Subject to and contingent on the Release and Noncompete Requirement, and subject to any more Executive-favorable (but not
any less Executive-favorable) provisions in the applicable equity award agreement or equity incentive plan, (1) if the termination
occurs during a time that is not within the Protection Period, accelerated vesting of any then-unvested equity-based awards that were
granted during the Term and in 2025 prior to the commencement of the Term (provided that any such equity-based awards that are performance
share units contingent on achievement of a performance goal shall be paid out following completion of the applicable performance period
and shall be earned at a level based on actual performance following such performance period), or (2) if the termination occurs during
the Protection Period, accelerated vesting of all then-unvested equity-based awards that were granted prior to and during the Term (provided
that any such equity-based awards that are performance share units contingent on achievement of a performance goal shall be paid out at
the greater of the target performance level or the actual amount to be earned based on performance achieved through the date of termination,
if measurable); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions shall apply to any equity-based awards granted during
the Term and in 2025 prior to the commencement of the Term in lieu of any less Executive-favorable provisions in the applicable equity
award agreement or equity incentive plan; and provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the
extent required for compliance with Code Section 409A, any equity-based awards subject to accelerated vesting under this Section 4
shall no longer be subject to a requirement of continued service but shall be paid or settled at the time, and in the form, contemplated
by the applicable equity award agreement or equity incentive plan;

(v) COBRA.
Subject to and contingent on the Release and Noncompete Requirement, (1) if the termination occurs during a time that is not within
the Protection Period, upon Executives timely enrollment in COBRA, the Company will pay any COBRA premiums for the continuation
of health, dental and vision coverage for Executive and his qualified covered family members for 18 months (or, if shorter, until Executive
obtains health coverage from a successor employer) at the Companys expense, or (2) if the termination occurs during the Protection
Period, the Company will make a one-time cash payment to Executive equal to 24 times the initial monthly COBRA premium for the equivalent
value of Executives and qualified covered family members continuation of health, dental and vision coverage for 24 months
at the Companys expense, payable on the 60th day following the termination of employment;

5

(vi) Outplacement.
Subject to and contingent on the Release and Noncompete Requirement, executive outplacement services for a period of one year after the
termination of employment, provided that such services are commenced within 180 days after the termination of employment; and

(vii) Legal
Fees. Subject to and contingent on the Release and Noncompete Requirement, and only if the termination occurs during the Protection
Period, reimbursement of reasonable and customary legal fees up to $15,000 incurred by Executive in connection with the termination of
employment.

(d) Termination
by Executive for Good Reason. Executive shall have the right to resign Executives employment with the Company with Good Reason
(as defined below) and end the Term as set forth below. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any
of the following events: (i) a material diminution in Executives responsibilities, authority or duties; or (ii) a reduction
in Executives base salary (excluding, prior to a Change in Control, across-the-board salary reductions similarly affecting all
or substantially all management employees); or (iii) the relocation of the Company offices at which Executive is principally employed
to a new office location more than fifty (50) miles from such offices (but this clause (iii) shall not apply if Executive is assigned
to a remote work location). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not have Good Reason to resign unless: (A) Executive
notifies the Company in writing of the occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 30 days of the occurrence of such condition; (B) Executive
cooperates in good faith with the Companys efforts, for a period not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure
Period), to remedy the condition; (C) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition continues to exist following
the Cure Period; and (D) Executive terminates his employment within 30 days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures
the Good Reason condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. Upon a resignation with Good Reason,
the Company shall be obligated to provide Executive with the Accrued Benefits and the payments and other benefits contemplated by Section 4(c)(ii)-(vii) as
if the resignation with Good Reason had been a termination by the Company without Cause at the same time, and subject to the same terms
and conditions, as set forth in Section 4(c).

(e) Termination
by Executive Other Than for Good Reason. Executive shall have the right to end the Term and terminate Executives employment
with the Company without Good Reason at any time on at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company. Upon such a
termination, the Company shall be obligated to provide Executive with the Accrued Benefits but shall have no other obligations to Executive
under this Agreement; provided that, subject to any more Executive-favorable (but not any less Executive-favorable) provisions in the
applicable equity award agreements or equity incentive plan, if such termination is a result of Executives Retirement (as defined
below) nine months or more after the grant date of any unvested time-based restricted stock units then held by Executive (including performance-based
restricted stock units for which the performance conditions have been satisfied such that only time-vesting conditions remain) and/or
any unvested performance-based restricted stock units then held by Executive, then (i) all such unvested time-based restricted stock
units that were granted to Executive during the Term and during 2025 prior to the commencement of the Term shall continue to vest and
be settled in accordance with the existing vesting schedule as if Executives employment had continued, and (ii) all such unvested
performance-based restricted stock units that were granted to Executive during the Term and during 2025 prior to the commencement of the
Term shall remain eligible to be earned and become vested and settled based on actual performance following the end of the performance
period. For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement will mean Executives resignation from employment after
reaching age 55 with 10 or more years of service with the Company and after having provided at least six (6) months advance
written notice to the Company of Executives intention to retire, provided that such notice requirement may be waived by the Board
in its sole and absolute discretion.

6

(f) Mutual
Agreement. The parties may terminate Executives employment with the Company hereunder upon their mutual written consent. Upon
such a termination, the Company shall be obligated to provide Executive with the Accrued Benefits but shall have no other obligations
to Executive under this Agreement.

(g) End
Date. The Term and Executives employment with the Company shall automatically terminate upon the End Date if it has not previously
terminated (under any of the preceding termination provisions) or been extended by mutual agreement of the Company and Executive. If the
Company and Executive mutually agree to extend Executives employment beyond December 31, 2027, the End Date
(for purposes of this paragraph) shall be the date Executives employment terminates (other than for Cause) after
December 31, 2027. Upon such an End Date termination, the Company shall be obligated to provide Executive with the
Accrued Benefits but shall have no other obligations to Executive under this Agreement; provided that, subject to any more Executive-favorable
(but not any less Executive-favorable) provisions in the applicable equity award agreements or equity incentive plan, if such termination
occurs nine months or more after the grant date of any unvested time-based restricted stock units then held by Executive (including performance-based
restricted stock units for which the performance conditions have been satisfied such that only time-vesting conditions remain) and/or
any unvested performance-based restricted stock units then held by Executive, then (i) all remaining unvested time-based restricted
stock units that were granted to Executive during the Term and during 2025 prior to the commencement of the Term shall continue to vest
and be settled in accordance with the existing vesting schedule as if Executives employment had continued, and (ii) all remaining
unvested performance-based restricted stock units that were granted to Executive during the Term and during 2025 prior to the commencement
of the Term shall remain eligible to be earned and become vested and settled based on actual performance following the end of the performance
period.

(h) Effect
of Termination. Effective as of any date of termination of Executives employment with the Company, without any further action
required by any party, Executive shall be removed from, and shall no longer hold, all positions then held by Executive with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries. Executive agrees that Executive shall execute any documentation, resignations or similar documents reasonably
necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Section 4(h); provided that, subject to Section 1.11 of the Companys
Corporate Governance Guidelines, the other terms of such Guidelines and the Companys Bylaws, if Executive is then a member of the
Board, Executive may continue as a member of the Board through the expiration of his then-current term.

7

5. Company
Property. Upon Executives termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall return to the Company all documents and
other property belonging to the Company, including items such as his cellular phone and laptop, computer equipment and software, as well
as all data, files, records, forms and other information of whatever kind, either electronic or hard copy, that constitute Confidential
Information (as defined below) of the Company that have not already been returned by Executive. Executive agrees not to make or retain
any copies, electronic or otherwise, of the Confidential Information.

6. Restrictive
Covenants. As a condition to the Companys entry into this Agreement and the Companys promise to provide Executive Confidential
Information, Executive shall be required to enter into and comply with an Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, and Executive hereby agrees to the covenants set forth below.

(a) Acknowledgements.
Pursuant to Executives service with the Company, the Company promises to provide and Executive
has and will have access to, and knowledge of, Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Company. Executive acknowledges that
any unauthorized use (including use for Executives own benefit or to the benefit of others), transfer, or disclosure by Executive
of such confidential information can place the Company at a competitive disadvantage and cause damage, financial and otherwise, to its
business. Executive acknowledges and affirms his obligations relating to confidential and proprietary information under his EPIIA. Executive
will hold any such confidential and proprietary information and any other Confidential Information in the strictest of confidence and
will take reasonable efforts to protect such information from disclosure except when required to disclose such information by law. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive acknowledges and confirms his understanding that nothing in this Agreement limits his ability to communicate
with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB),
the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental
agency or commission (Government Agencies) or otherwise testify, assist, or participate in any investigation, hearing,
or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the
Company. Additionally, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from engaging in protected concerted activity
under the National Labor Relations Act for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection, including, without
limitation, (i) making disclosures concerning this Agreement in aid of such concerted activities, (ii) filing unfair labor practice
charges, (iii) assisting others who are filing such charges, and (iv) cooperating with the investigative process or the NLRB
or other Government Agencies. Executive further acknowledges that, because of the knowledge of and access to Confidential Information
that Executive has acquired or will have acquired during Executives service, Executive will be in a position to compete unfairly
with the Company following the termination of Executives service.

8

As used in this Agreement, Confidential
Information means (1) information of the Company, to the extent not considered a Trade Secret (as defined below) under
applicable law that: (w) relates to the Business (as defined below) of the Company, (x) possesses an element of value to the
Company, (y) is not generally known to the Companys competitors, and (z) would damage the Company if disclosed; or (2) information
of any third party provided to the Company that the Company is obligated to treat as confidential (such third party to be referred to
as the Third Party), including, but not limited to, information provided to the Company by its licensors, suppliers,
or Customers (as defined below). Subject to the foregoing general definition, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:
(A) business plans; (B) the composition, description, or characteristics of current or contemplated products of the Company;
(C) pricing information, such as price lists; (D) proprietary software and reports derived from said software; (E) advertising
or marketing plans; (F) information regarding independent contractors, employees, licensors, suppliers, customers, or any Third Party,
including, but not limited to, customer lists compiled by the Company, and customer or market information compiled by the Company; and
(G) information concerning the Companys financial structure or condition, the Companys prospects or plans, its marketing
and sales programs, the Companys research and development information, the Companys contemplated or actual mergers and acquisitions,
stock splits and divestitures, and its methods and procedures of operation. Confidential Information shall not include any information
that: (I) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of an unauthorized disclosure; (II) has been
independently developed and disclosed by others without violating this Agreement or the legal rights of any party; or (III) otherwise
enters the public domain through lawful means.

As used in this Agreement, Trade Secret
means the Companys trade secrets as defined by applicable statutory or common law.

(b) Non-Competition.
In consideration of the Companys promise to provide Executive Confidential Information, during the term of Executives service
and for the eighteen (18) months thereafter (Restricted Period), Executive will not, except as authorized by the
Company, perform the same or similar tasks that Executive performed on behalf of the Company during Executives last twelve (12)
months of service with the Company (Competitive Tasks) on behalf of any entity in competition with the Company,
including but not limited to those entities contained on the then current Competing Organization list of such entities
available under the Legal Policy Library section of the Companys intranet site at: https://omnicell.sharepoint.com/sites/OmnicellPolicies/PolicyProcedures/Omnicell%20Competing%20Organization%20List.pdf
(Competitors) anywhere the Company does Business (Restricted Territory). This provision
shall be limited to performing Competitive Tasks only in the area(s) of the Business in which Executive worked or for which Executive
had responsibility during Executives last twelve (12) months of Continuous Service with the Company. As used in this Agreement,
Business means the development, manufacture, sale, or marketing of manufactured automated systems for medication
management in hospitals and other healthcare settings, and medication adherence packaging and patient engagement software used by retail
pharmacies, as well as the products and services offered in the Companys specialty pharmacy services business, through
which the Company provides solutions for health systems to establish, maintain, and optimize specialty pharmacies.
To the extent enforcement of this restriction post-employment is not permitted under applicable law, Executives Restricted Period
will only be for the term of Executives service for purposes of this Section 6.

(c) Non-Solicitation
of Customers. In consideration of the Companys promise to provide Executive Confidential Information, during the Restricted
Period, Executive will not directly or indirectly solicit any person or entity to whom the Company has sold products or services, directly
solicited to sell its products or services, or cultivated a relationship intended to increase the sales of the Companys products
or services in the previous twelve (12) months (Customers) of the Company in the Restricted Territory. Nothing in
this Section 6 shall be construed to prohibit Executive from soliciting: (a) a Customer that has terminated its business relationship
with the Company (for reasons other than being solicited or encouraged by Executive to do so); (b) a product line or service line
competitive with one that the Company no longer offers; or (c) a product line or service line with which Executive had no involvement
while working for the Company and about which Executive did not learn Confidential Information.

9

(d) Non-Recruit
of Employees. During the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit or induce any of the Companys
employees or exclusive consultants to leave their employment or exclusive consulting relationship with the Company to work for Executive
or any other person or entity engaged in the Business.

(e) Remedies
for Violation of Restrictive Covenants. Executive agrees that, if Executive breaches any of the provisions of this Section 6:
(i) the Company shall be entitled to all of its remedies at law or in equity, including money damages and injunctive relief; (ii) in
the event of such breach, in addition to the Companys other remedies, any unvested portion of any equity award Executive then holds
will be immediately forfeited and deemed canceled, and Executive agrees (A) to transfer immediately back to the Company (1) any
shares that vested or were received due to vesting during the 18 months prior to the date of Executives termination of service,
including those shares that may be deemed to have vested or have been received due to vesting on the date of Executives termination
of service (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than 18 months, then for a period of time equal to the shorter
maximum period), and (2) any shares that vested or were received due to vesting between Executives termination of service
and the breach (the shares described in (1) and (2) collectively, the Vesting Shares), that are still held
by Executive and (B) to pay immediately to the Company the fair market value (determined as of the applicable vesting date or vesting
event) of any such Vesting Shares not still held by Executive; and (iii) the Company shall also be entitled to an accounting and
repayment from Executive of all profits, compensation, commissions, remuneration or benefits that Executive (and/or the applicable Competitor)
directly or indirectly have realized or may realize as a result of or in connection with any breach of these covenants, and such remedies
shall be in addition to and not in limitation of any injunctive relief or other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled
at law or in equity.

(f) Reasonable
and Necessary. Executive agrees that the covenants set forth in this Section 6 are reasonable and necessary for the protection
of the Companys legitimate business interest, that they do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill
or other business interests of the Company, that they contain reasonable limitations as to time and scope of activity to be restrained,
that they do not unduly restrict Executives ability to earn a living, and that they are not unduly burdensome to Executive.

(g) Severability
of Restrictive Covenants. Each provision of this Section 6 constitutes an entirely separate and independent restriction and the
duration, extent, and application of each of the restrictive covenants contained herein are no greater than is necessary for the protection
of the Companys interests. If any part or provision of this Section 6 is held unenforceable, it shall be severed and shall
not affect any other part of this Section 6.

10

(h) Non-disparagement.
Executive agrees that, commencing on the date of this Agreement and at any time thereafter, he will not, directly or indirectly,
individually or in concert with others, engage in any conduct or make any statement calculated or likely to have the effect of undermining,
disparaging or otherwise reflecting poorly upon the Company, any member of the Board or any executive officer of the Company (the Protected
Persons) or the Companys business. Without limitation, Executive
shall not publish, communicate, post or blog disparaging or confidential information about the Protected Persons.

7. Trading
in Securities. During the Term, Executive will not trade in securities of the Company until such time as permitted by applicable securities
laws and will adhere to and be bound by all insider trading policies now or hereafter adopted by the Company, including preclearance policies
and blackout periods established by the Company and applicable to designated insiders pursuant to such policies.

8. Indemnification.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to affect any obligation the Company may have under applicable law or its governing documents or
through an individual agreement to indemnify Executive. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the end of the Term or any provision
herein to the contrary, the Company shall honor its obligations under all indemnification agreements and its charter and bylaw provisions
providing for indemnification or advance of expenses to Executive.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Assignment.
Neither the Company nor Executive may assign this Agreement, except that the Companys obligations hereunder shall be binding legal
obligations of any successor to all or substantially all of the Companys business by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise.

(b) Executive
Acknowledgement. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the sole right and exclusive authority to
execute this Agreement; that the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon Executive and Executives heirs, executors,
administrators and other legal representatives; that Executive has not relied upon any promise or representation that is not contained
within this Agreement; and that the obligations imposed upon Executive in this Agreement shall not prevent Executive from earning a satisfactory
livelihood.

(c) Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such
provision and shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement and this Agreement
shall be carried out as if any such invalid or unenforceable provision were not contained herein.

(d) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the Company and Executive relating to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any contrary provision in any other document, including any prior employment agreement, offer letter or memorandum
of understanding between Executive and the Company, whether written or oral, including the Companys Executive Severance Plan; provided
that Executives obligations under the EPIIA shall continue in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent
that Executive is entitled to receive severance benefits under any employment or similar agreement, the Executive Severance Plan or the
Amended and Restated Omnicell, Inc. Severance Benefit Plan (or any successor thereto), the benefits hereunder shall be in lieu of
(and not in addition to) any severance benefits thereunder (including, without limitation, under any Change of Control Agreement or Change
in Control Severance Letter); provided, however, that if such other plan or agreement specifies a time and form of payment of any severance
benefits, then, solely to the extent required to comply with Code Section 409A, the severance benefits provided for under this Agreement
shall be paid in the time and form specified under such other agreement or plan. The terms of applicable benefit plans and equity award
agreements shall continue to apply except to the extent this Agreement provides otherwise, but, in the event of any inconsistency between
the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any applicable benefit plan or equity award agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall
control to the extent they are more favorable to Executive.

11

(e) Choice
of Law; Venue. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the State of
Texas without regard to such states conflicts of laws rules. For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to
enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the State of Texas, or any federal court sitting in the State of Texas, and no other courts, where this Agreement is
made and/or to be performed.

(f) Waiver.
No waiver by either party at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement
to be performed by the other party shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions or conditions at the same time or at any prior or
subsequent time.

(g) Section 409A
Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). The Company shall undertake to administer, interpret, and construe this
Agreement in a manner that does not result in the imposition on Executive of any additional tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A
of the Code. If the Company determines in good faith that any provision of this Agreement would cause Executive to incur an additional
tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A of the Code, the Company (or its delegate) and Executive shall use reasonable efforts
to reform such provision, if possible, in a mutually agreeable fashion to maintain to the maximum extent practicable the original intent
of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the Code or causing the imposition of such additional
tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A of the Code. The preceding provisions, however, shall not be construed as a guarantee
by the Company of any particular tax effect to Executive under this Agreement. The Company shall not be liable to Executive for any payment
made under this Agreement that is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A of the Code,
for any such tax, penalty or interest, or for reporting in good faith any payment made under this Agreement as an amount includible in
gross income under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment
payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. With respect to any reimbursement of expenses
of Executive of provision of in-kind benefits to Executive subject to Section 409A of the Code, such reimbursement of expenses and
provision of in-kind benefits shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or provision
of in-kind benefits in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or provision of in-kind benefits in any
other taxable year, except for any medical reimbursement arrangement providing for the reimbursement of expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of
the Code; (ii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the end of the year after the year in which such
expense was incurred; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or provision of in-kind benefit shall not be subject to liquidation or
exchange for another benefit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, references to the termination or end of Executives
employment or similar phrases or expressions shall be deemed to mean Executives separation from service under Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of
the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h), and, if a payment obligation under this Agreement or other compensation arrangement arises
on account of Executives separation from service while Executive is a specified employee as determined by the Company,
any payment of deferred compensation (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(1), after giving effect
to the exemptions in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(3) through (b)(12)) that is scheduled to be paid within six (6) months
after such separation from service shall accrue without interest and shall be paid on the first business day after the end of the six
(6) month period beginning on the date of such separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of his or her death, to the extent
necessary for compliance with Section 409A of the Code. In addition, to the extent required for compliance with Section 409A,
a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur only to the extent it is also a change in control event within in the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code and the regulations thereunder and, to the extent the vesting of the equity-based awards is accelerated, accelerated payment
shall occur only to the extent such accelerated payment would not violate Section 409A of the Code and, to the extent such accelerated
payment would violate Section 409A of the Code, the original time and form of payment shall continue to apply.

12

(h) Amendment. No
amendment or modification of the terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon either of the parties hereto unless reduced to writing
and signed by each of the parties hereto.

(i) Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and electronic or facsimile signatures will suffice as
original signatures. . The documents that comprise this Agreement are agreed and each acknowledged by the parties as a form of an Electronic
Record (as such term is defined in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act at 15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq.
(E SIGN Act)).

(j) Successors.
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective heirs, representatives and
successors.

(k) Notices.
Notices required under this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by registered U.S. mail, return receipt requested, to the following
addresses or to such other address as the party being notified may have previously furnished to the other by written notice:

If to the Company: 

Omnicell, Inc.

4220 North Freeway

Fort Worth, Texas 76137

Attn: Chief Legal Officer

If to Executive: At the most recent address on file with the Company

13

(l) Headings.
The headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision
of this Agreement.

(m) Tax
Withholding. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all payments under this Agreement shall be made subject
to applicable tax withholding, and the Company shall withhold from any payments under this Agreement all federal, state and local taxes
as the Company is required to withhold pursuant to any law or governmental rule or regulation. Executive shall bear all expense
of, and be solely responsible for, all federal, state and local taxes due with respect to any payment or other benefit received under
this Agreement.

[Signature page follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

OMNICELL, INC.

By: /s/ Nchacha Etta

Name: Nchacha Etta

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Randall A. Lipps

Randall A. Lipps

EXHIBIT A

RELEASE OF CLAIMS

1. General
Release of Claims. In exchange for the consideration to be provided to you under Section 4(c)(ii)-(vii) of the Employment
Agreement to which this Release of Claims is an Exhibit (the Agreement), between you and Omnicell, Inc.
(the Company) to which you would not otherwise be entitled but for your execution of this Release of Claims (this
Release), you hereby generally and completely release the Company, and its affiliated, related, parent and subsidiary
entities, and its and their current and former directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, attorneys, predecessors,
successors, insurers, affiliates, and assigns from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, and obligations (other
than those set forth in Section 4(c)(i)-(vii) of the Agreement), both known and unknown, arising from or in any way related
to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring at any time prior to and including the date you sign this Release.

2. Scope
of Release. This Release includes, but is not limited to: (a) all claims arising from or in any way related to your employment
with the Company or the termination of that employment; (b) all claims related to your compensation or benefits from the Company,
including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or
any other ownership, equity, or profits interests in the Company; (c) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and
breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (d) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional
distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (e) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for
discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as
amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), the
Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Texas Human Rights Act, the Texas Anti-Retaliation Act, the Texas Labor Code, Chapter 21, any
states human rights act, wage payment act, civil rights laws, or similar laws, any law governing any aspect of employment, and
any amendments thereto (except for claims for workers compensation and unemployment insurance benefits), and any municipal, state,
or federal common law, statute, regulation or ordinance (collectively, Claims). Provided, however, that this Release
does not cover or include (nor shall it be construed as relinquishing or extinguishing) any claims or rights under Section 4(c)(i)-(vii) of
the Agreement.

3. ADEA
Release. You acknowledge that you are knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the
ADEA (the ADEA Waiver), and that the consideration given for the ADEA Waiver is in addition to anything of value
to which you are already entitled. You further acknowledge that you have been advised, as required by the ADEA, that: (a) your ADEA
Waiver does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date that you sign this Release; (b) you should consult with
an attorney prior to signing this Release (although you may choose voluntarily not to do so); (c) you have twenty-one (21) days to
consider this Release (although you may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier); (d) you have seven (7) days following the date
you sign this Release to revoke the ADEA Waiver (by providing written notice of your revocation to the Companys Director of Human
Resources); and (e) this Release will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which will be
the eighth day after the date that this Release is signed by you provided that you do not revoke it (the Effective Date).

1

4. Section 1542
Waiver. In giving the release herein, which includes claims which may be unknown to you at present, you acknowledge that you have
read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads as follows:

A general release does not extend
to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release
and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.

You hereby expressly waive and
relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any other jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to your release
of claims herein, including but not limited to your release of unknown claims.

5. Exceptions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you are not releasing the Company hereby from: (a) any obligation to indemnify you pursuant to the
Articles and Bylaws of the Company, any corporate governance document or contract, or otherwise, or any valid fully executed indemnification
agreement with the Company, applicable law, or applicable directors and officers liability and/or employment practices liability
and/or errors and omissions insurance; (b) your rights in and to your Company equity, including, without limitation, your right to
exercise, hold, and sell your Company equity, and your rights under Section 4(c)(iv) of the Agreement; (c) any claims that
cannot be waived by law; (d) any claims for breach of this Release and your rights to enforce this Release; (e) your right to
receive benefits required to be provided in accordance with applicable law, including without limitation, continued health coverage under
COBRA; or (f) claims that arise after you execute this Release. You further understand that nothing in this Release limits your ability
to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations
Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local
governmental agency or commission (Government Agencies). You further understand this Release does not limit your
ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise testify, assist, or participate in any investigation, hearing, or proceeding
that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. While
this Release does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission, you understand
and agree that, to maximum extent permitted by law, you are otherwise waiving any and all rights you may have to individual relief based
on any claims that you have released and any rights you have waived by signing this Release. Further, nothing in this Release shall be
construed to prohibit you from engaging in protected concerted activity under the National Labor Relations Act for the purpose of collective
bargaining or other mutual aid or protection, including, without limitation, (i) making disclosures concerning this Release in aid
of such concerted activities, (ii) filing unfair labor practice charges, (iii) assisting others who are filing such charges,
and (iv) cooperating with the investigative process of the National Labor Relations Board or other Government Agencies.

2

6. Return
of Company Property. You agree that, within ten (10) days from the date of your termination of employment, or earlier
if requested by the Company, you will return to the Company all Company documents (and all copies thereof) and other Company property
in your possession or control, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, plans, forecasts, reports, studies,
analyses, proposals, agreements, drafts, financial and operational information, research and development information, sales and marketing
information, customer lists, prospect information, pipeline reports, sales reports, personnel information, specifications, code, software,
databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and equipment (including, but not limited to, computing and electronic devices,
mobile telephones, servers), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys; and any materials of any kind which contain or
embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions or embodiments thereof in whole or in part).
You agree that you will make a diligent search to locate any such documents, property and information by the close of business on the
date of your termination of employment or service or as soon as possible thereafter. If you have used any personally owned computer or
other electronic device, server, or e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company confidential or proprietary
data, materials or information, within five (5) days after the date of termination of your employment or service, you shall provide
the Company with a computer-useable copy of such information and then permanently delete and expunge such Company confidential or proprietary
information from those systems; and you agree to provide the Company access to your system as requested to verify that the necessary copying
and/or deletion is completed. Non-compliance with the return of information and information deletion requirements of this paragraph would
be a material breach of the Agreement and this Release and your timely compliance with this paragraph is a condition to your receipt of
the severance benefits provided under the Agreement.

7. Confidential
Information Obligations. You acknowledge and reaffirm your continuing obligations relating to confidential and proprietary information
under your Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (EPIIA) and the Agreement.

8. General
Disclaimer Language. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent you from exercising your rights under Section 7 of
the National Labor Relations Act, including the right to participate in or assist with a case before the National Labor Relations Board
and communicate with coworkers or third parties about terms and conditions of employment or labor disputes, when the communication is
not so disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue as to lose the protection of the law.

9. False
Statements. You shall not, and the Company shall direct its members of the Board and its executive officers not to make any false
or disparaging statements about one another nor about the Companys officers, directors, employees, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, and agents in any manner likely to be harmful to your, its, or their business, business reputation, or personal reputation;
provided that: (a) you may respond accurately and fully to any request for information if required by legal process or in connection
with a government investigation; (b) nothing in this Release is intended to prohibit or restrain you in any manner from making disclosures
protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation or other applicable law or regulation; and (c) nothing
in this Release prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace such as harassment or discrimination
or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. In response to any reference request from a prospective employer, the
Company will only confirm your dates of employment and positions held.

3

10. No
Voluntary Adverse Action. You agree that you will not voluntarily (except in response to legal compulsion or as permitted under
Section 5 of this Release) assist any person in bringing or pursuing any proposed or pending litigation, arbitration, administrative
claim or other formal proceeding against the Company, its parent or subsidiary entities, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or
agents.

11. Cooperation.
For twenty-four (24) months after the date of your termination of employment or service, you agree to reasonably cooperate with the Company
in connection with its actual or contemplated defense, prosecution, or investigation of any claims or demands by or against third parties,
or other matters arising from events, acts, or failures to act that occurred during the period of your employment by the Company. Such
cooperation includes, without limitation, making yourself available to the Company upon reasonable notice, without subpoena, and to provide
complete, truthful and accurate information in witness interviews, depositions, and trial testimony. The Company will reimburse you for
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including without limitation, all attorneys fees, you incur in connection with any such cooperation
(excluding foregone wages). Where reasonably under the control of the Company, the Company will make reasonable efforts to (a) accommodate
your scheduling needs for all testimony and all other cooperation, and (b) schedule such testimony and other cooperation at locations
mutually acceptable to you and the Company. To the extent that you are required to spend substantial time on such matters, in addition
to the reimbursement of your reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, the Company shall compensate you at an hourly rate of $500 per hour.

12. No
Admissions. You understand and agree that the promises and payments in consideration of this Release shall not be construed to
be an admission of any liability or obligation by the Company to you or to any other person, and that the Company makes no such admission.

13. Representations.
You hereby specifically represent, warrant, and confirm that you have: (a) not filed any claims, complaints, or actions of any kind
against the Company with any federal, state, or local court or government agency; (b) not made any claims or allegations to the Company
related to sexual harassment or sexual abuse, and none of the payments provided or under the Agreement are related to sexual harassment
or sexual abuse; (c) been properly paid for all hours worked for the Company; (d) received all salary, wages, commissions, bonuses,
and other compensation due to you (except for such payments that are owed under Section 4(c)(ii)-(vii) of the Agreement); (e) received
all leave and leave benefits and protections for which you are eligible pursuant to the Family and Medical Leave Act, or otherwise; (f) not
suffered any on-the-job injury for which you have not already filed a workers compensation claim; and (g) not engaged in any
unlawful conduct relating to the business of the Company.

14. Electronic
Signatures. The documents that comprise this Release are agreed and each acknowledged by the parties as a form of an Electronic
Record (as such term is defined in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act at 15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq.
(E SIGN Act)).

4

15. Miscellaneous.
This Release and the Agreement constitute the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company
with regard to their subject matter. In the event of a conflict between this Release or the Agreement, on the one hand, and any other
agreement entered into between you and the Company, on the other hand, this Release or the Agreement, as applicable, will control with
respect to the subject matter herein. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than
those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations. This Release may not be modified
or amended except in a writing signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. This Release will bind the heirs, personal
representatives, successors and assigns of both you and the Company, and inure to the benefit of both you and the Company, their heirs,
successors and assigns. If any provision of this Release is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination
will not affect any other provision of this Release and the provision in question will be modified by the court so as to be rendered enforceable
to the fullest extent permitted by law, consistent with the intent of the parties. This Release will be deemed to have been entered into
and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any
ambiguity in this Release shall not be construed against either party as the drafter. Any waiver of a breach of this Release shall be
in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any successive breach. This Release may be executed in counterparts and electronic
or facsimile signatures will suffice as original signatures.

Please provide your signature
to this Release as directed and return the document to the undersigned. You have twenty-one (21) calendar days from the effective date
of the termination of your employment with the Company to decide whether to accept this Release, and the offer contained herein will automatically
expire if you do not sign and return it within that timeframe. Certain payments and other benefits in the Agreement are contingent on
your timely execution and non-revocation of this Release. You acknowledge and agree that you have been advised that you have the right
to consult an attorney regarding this Release and that you were given a reasonable time period of no less than twenty-one (21) calendar
days (from the effective date of the termination of your employment with the Company) in which to do so.

OMNICELL, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

5

By signing below, I am
acknowledging my separation from Omnicell, Inc. and confirming my understanding that the EPIIA is still in full force and effect.
I acknowledge and confirm my understanding that should I fail to return the company property in my possession in accordance with Section 6
of this Release, I will not receive the payments or other benefits provided under the Agreement. I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT I HAVE
READ, UNDERSTAND AND VOLUNTARILY ENTER INTO THE FOREGOING RELEASE. I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS
AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF MY CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MY SIGNATURE BELOW IS AN AGREEMENT
TO RELEASE THE COMPANY FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT CAN BE RELEASED AS A MATTER OF LAW.

EXECUTIVE

Randall A. Lipps

EXHIBIT B

Employee
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement

In
consideration of my employment or continued employment by OMNICELL, INC., or any of its subsidiaries and/or affiliates
(collectively the "Company"), and the compensation now and hereafter paid to me, I,
____________________ hereby agree as follows:

1. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION PROTECTIONS.

1.1Recognition
of Company's Rights; Nondisclosure. At all times during my employment and thereafter, I
will hold in strictest confidence and will not disclose, use, lecture upon or publish any of the Company's Proprietary Information (defined
below), except as such disclosure, use or publication may be required in connection with my work for the Company, or unless an officer
of the Company expressly authorizes such in writing. I will obtain Company's written approval before publishing or submitting for publication
any material (written, verbal, or otherwise) that relates to my work at Company and/or incorporates any Proprietary Information. I hereby
assign to the Company any rights I may have or acquire in such Proprietary Information and recognize that all Proprietary Information
shall be the sole property of the Company and its assigns.

1.2Proprietary
Information. The term "Proprietary Information" shall mean any and all confidential
and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information related to Companys business or its actual anticipated research or development,
including without limitation (a) trade secrets, inventions, ideas, processes, computer source and object code, data, formulae, programs,
other works of authorship, know- how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, and techniques; (b) information regarding
products, services, plans for research and development, marketing and business plans, budgets, financial statements, contracts, prices,
suppliers, and customers; (c) information regarding the skills and compensation of Companys employees, contractors, and any
other service providers of Company; and (d) the existence of any business discussions, negotiations, or agreements between Company
and any third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that, at all such times, I am free to use information which
is generally known in the trade or industry, which is not gained as result of a breach of this Agreement, and my own, skill, knowledge,
know-how and experience to whatever extent and in whichever way I wish.

1.3Third
Party Information. I understand, in addition, that the Company has received and in the future
will receive from third parties confidential or proprietary information ("Third
Party Information") subject to a duty on the Company's part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it
only for certain limited purposes. During the term of my employment and thereafter, I will hold Third Party Information in the strictest
confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than Company personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work
for the Company) or use, except in connection with my work for the Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by an
officer of the Company in writing.

1.4No
Improper Use of Information of Prior Employers and Others. I represent that my employment
by Company does not and will not breach any agreement with any former employer, including any noncompete agreement or any agreement to
keep in confidence or refrain from using information acquired by me prior to my employment by Company. I further represent that I have
not entered into, and will not enter into, any agreement, either written or oral, in conflict with my obligations under this Agreement.
During my employment by the Company I will not improperly use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any
former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality, and I will not bring onto the premises of the Company
any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality
unless consented to in writing by that former employer or person. I will use in the performance of my duties only information which is
generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to my own, which is common knowledge in the industry or otherwise
legally in the public domain, or which is otherwise provided or developed by the Company.

1.5Treatment
of PHI. I understand that, under the privacy regulations of the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), the Company is required to appropriately safeguard protected individually identifiable health
information made available to or obtained by the Company from its customers (PHI). During the term of this Agreement and thereafter, I
agree that I will (a) not use or reveal PHI, other than as permitted or required by applicable law and the Companys customer agreements;
and (b) promptly notify the Company of any unauthorized transfer of PHI of which I have knowledge. Furthermore, I agree to comply
with the Companys policies regarding the handling of PHI (as such policies may be amended from time to time) and to participate
in any HIPAA training required by the Company.

2. ASSIGNMENT
OF INVENTIONS.

2.1Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the term Invention means any ideas, concepts,
information, materials, processes, data, programs, know-how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs, artwork, formulae, other
copyrightable works, and techniques and all Intellectual Property Rights in any of the items listed above. The term Proprietary
Rights means all trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, mask work rights, patents and other intellectual property rights recognized
by the laws of any jurisdiction or country. The term Moral Rights means all paternity, integrity, disclosure, withdrawal,
special and any other similar rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction or country.

2.2Prior
Inventions. Inventions, if any, patented or unpatented (including, but not limited to, any
patent applications whether alive or abandoned), which I made prior to the commencement of my employment with the Company are
excluded from the scope of this Agreement. To preclude any possible uncertainty, I have set forth on Exhibit A, (Previous
Inventions) attached hereto a complete list of all Inventions that I have, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed or reduced
to practice or caused to be conceived, developed or reduced to practice prior to the commencement of my employment with the Company,
that I consider to be my property or the property of third parties and that I wish to have excluded from the scope of this Agreement
(collectively referred to as "Prior Inventions"). If disclosure of any such Prior Invention would cause me to violate
any prior confidentiality agreement, I understand that I am not to list such Prior Inventions in Exhibit A but am only
to disclose a cursory name for each such invention, a listing of the party(ies) to whom it belongs and the fact that full disclosure
as to such inventions has not been made for that reason. A space is provided on Exhibit A for such purpose. If no Prior Inventions
are listed in Exhibit A, I warrant that there are no Prior Inventions. I agree that I will not incorporate, or permit
to be incorporated, Prior Inventions in any Company Inventions (defined below) without Companys prior written consent. I agree
that for any Prior Inventions listed in Exhibit A, I will not provide or disclose any confidential information related to any
of the Prior Inventions to the Company. If a Prior Invention is incorporated into any Company process, machine, or other work, I
agree that I shall not challenge or aid any other third party
in challenging any of the Companys rights related thereto. If, in the course of my employment with Company, I incorporate
a Prior Invention into a Company process, machine or other work, I hereby grant Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid and
royalty-free, irrevocable and worldwide license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make
derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make,
have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in, such Prior Invention, including assignment
of any and all present and future rights to the Company.

1.2Assignment
of Inventions. Inventions assigned to the Company or to a third party as directed by the
Company pursuant to Sections 2.4 (Nonassignable Inventions) and 2.6 (Government or Third Party), respectively, are referred to in this
Agreement as Company Inventions. Subject to Sections 2.4 and 2.6, I hereby assign and agree to assign in the
future (when any such Inventions or Intellectual Property Rights are first reduced to practice or first fixed in a tangible medium, as
applicable) to Company all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Inventions (and all Intellectual Property Rights with respect
thereto) made, conceived, reduced to practice, or learned by me, either alone or with others, during the period of my employment by Company.
Any assignment of Inventions (and all Intellectual Property Rights with respect thereto) hereunder includes an assignment of all Moral
Rights. To the extent such Moral Rights cannot be assigned to Company and to the extent the following is allowed by the laws in any country
where Moral Rights exist, I hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such Moral Rights, and all claims and
causes of action of any kind against Company or related to Companys customers, with respect to such rights. I further acknowledge
and agree that neither my successors-in-interest nor legal heirs retain any Moral Rights in any Inventions (and any Intellectual Property
Rights with respect thereto).

1.3Nonassignable
Inventions - California. This Agreement does not apply to an Invention which qualifies fully
as a nonassignable Invention under Section 2870 of the California Labor Code (hereinafter "Section 2870"). I have
reviewed the notification on Exhibit B (Limited Exclusion Notification) and agree that my signature acknowledges receipt of
the notification.

1.4Obligation
to Keep Company Informed. During the period of my employment and for one (1) year after
termination of my employment with the Company, I will promptly disclose to the Company fully and in writing all Inventions authored,
conceived or reduced to practice by me, either alone or jointly with others. In addition, I will promptly disclose to the Company
all patent applications filed by me or on my behalf within a year after termination of employment. At the time of each such disclosure, I
will advise the Company in writing of any Inventions that I believe fully qualify for protection under Section 2870; and I will at
that time provide to the Company in writing all evidence necessary to substantiate that belief. The Company will keep in confidence and
will not use for any purpose or disclose to third parties without my consent any confidential information disclosed in writing to the
Company pursuant to this Agreement relating to Inventions that qualify fully for protection under the provisions of Section 2870.
I will preserve the confidentiality of any Invention that does not fully qualify for protection under Section 2870.

1.5Government
or Third Party. I agree that, as directed by the Company, I will assign to a third party,
including without limitation the United States, all my right, title, and interest in and to any particular Company Invention.

1.6Works
for Hire. I acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by me (solely
or jointly with others) within the scope of my employment and which are protectable by copyright are "works made for hire,"
pursuant to United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101).

1.7Enforcement
of Proprietary Rights. I will assist the Company in every proper way to obtain, and from
time to time enforce, United States and foreign Proprietary Rights relating to Company Inventions in any and all countries. To that end
I will execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including appearances as a witness) as the Company may
reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Proprietary Rights and the
assignment thereof. In addition, I will execute, verify and deliver assignments of such Proprietary Rights to the Company or its
designee. My obligation to assist the Company with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to such Company Inventions in any and all countries
shall continue beyond the termination of my employment, but the Company shall compensate me at a reasonable rate after my termination
for the time actually spent by me at the Company's request on such assistance.

In the event the Company is unable for any reason,
after reasonable effort, to secure my signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in the preceding paragraph, I
hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, which
appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and in my behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other
lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the preceding paragraph with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me.
I hereby waive and quitclaim to the Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter have for infringement
of any Proprietary Rights assigned hereunder to the Company.

1.8Incorporation
of Software Code. I agree that I will not incorporate into any Company software or otherwise
deliver to Company any software code licensed under the GNU General Public License or Lesser General Public License or any other license
that, by its terms, requires or conditions the use or distribution of such code on the disclosure, licensing, or distribution of any source
code owned or licensed by Company.

3.RECORDS.
I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings
and in any other form that may be required by the Company) of all Proprietary Information developed by me and all Inventions made by me
during the period of my employment at the Company, which records shall be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at
all times.

4. ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES.

4.1.All
Employees. I agree that during the period of my employment by the Company I will not, without
the Company's express written consent, engage in any employment or business activity which is competitive with, or would otherwise conflict
with, my employment by the Company. I agree further that for the period of my employment by the Company and for one (1) year after
the date of termination of my employment for any reason I will not (i) solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any of the Companys
employees or exclusive consultants to leave their employment, or take away employees or exclusive consultants of the Company, either myself
or for any other person or entity; or (ii) for the period of my employment by the Company only, I will not solicit, induce,
recruit, or encourage any customer of the Company or potential customer who the Company has identified during the term of my employment
with the Company to terminate its business relationship with the Company, or solicit, induce, recruit, divert or take away any such customers
business or patronage with the Company, either for myself or for any other person or entity.

4.2.Non-California
Employees Only. If I am not a California employee, then in addition to the obligations under
paragraph 4.1 above, I agree that for one (l) year after the date of termination of my employment for any reason I will not
solicit, induce, recruit, or encourage any customer of the Company or potential customer who the Company has identified during the term
of my employment with the Company to terminate its business relationship with the Company, or solicit, induce, recruit, divert or take
away any such customers business or patronage with the Company, either for myself or for any other person or entity.

4.3.NO
CONFLICTING OBLIGATION. I warrant that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement and
as an employee of the Company does not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence information acquired by me in confidence
or in trust prior to my employment by the Company. I have not entered into, and I agree I will not enter into, any agreement either written
or oral in conflict herewith.

5.RETURN
OF COMPANY DOCUMENTS. Upon termination of my employment or upon Companys request at any
other time, I will deliver to Company all of Companys property, equipment, and documents, together with all copies thereof,
and any other material containing or disclosing any Inventions, Third Party Information or Confidential Information and certify in writing
that I have fully complied with the foregoing obligation. I agree that I will not copy, delete, or alter any information contained upon
my Company computer or Company equipment before I return it to Company. In addition, if I have used any personal computer, server, or
e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, including but not limited to, Confidential Information, I
agree to provide the Company with a computer-useable copy of all such Confidential Information and then permanently delete and expunge
such Confidential Information from those systems; and I agree to provide the Company access to my system as reasonably requested to verify
that the necessary copying and/or deletion is completed. I further agree that any property situated on Companys premises and owned
by Company is subject to inspection by Companys personnel at any time with or without notice. Prior to the termination of my employment
or promptly after termination of my employment, I will cooperate with Company in attending an exit interview and certify in writing
that I have complied with the requirements of this section.

6.NOTIFICATION
OF NEW EMPLOYER. In the event that I leave the employ of the Company, I hereby consent to
the notification of my new employer of my rights and obligations under this Agreement.

7. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

7.1.Governing
Law; Consent to Personal Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any action related thereto will
be governed and interpreted by and under the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles
that require the application of the law of a different state. I expressly consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and
federal courts for the county in which Companys principal place of business is located for any lawsuit filed there against me by
Company arising from or related to this Agreement.

7.2.Severability. In
case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this
Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained
herein. If moreover, any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively
broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be
enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear.

7.3 Survival; Successor and Assigns.
This Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment and the assignment of this Agreement by the Company to any successor
or other assignee and shall be binding upon my heirs and legal representatives.

7.4. Employment. I agree and understand that nothing in this Agreement shall give me any right
to continued employment by Company, and it will not interfere in any way with my right or Companys right to terminate my
employment at any time, with or without cause and with or without advance notice.

7.5.Notices.
Each party must deliver all notices or other communications required or permitted under this
Agreement in writing to the other party at the address listed on the signature page, by courier, by certified or registered mail (postage
prepaid and return receipt requested), or by a nationally-recognized express mail service. Notice will be effective upon receipt or refusal
of delivery. If delivered by certified or registered mail, notice will be considered to have been given five (5) business days after
it was mailed, as evidenced by the postmark. If delivered by courier or express mail service, notice will be considered to have been given
on the delivery date reflected by the courier or express mail service receipt. Each party may change its address for receipt of notice
by giving notice of the change to the other party.

7.6.Injunctive
Relief. I acknowledge that because my services are personal and unique and because I may
have access to and become acquainted with the Proprietary Information of the Company, the Company shall have the right to enforce this
Agreement and any of its provisions by injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief, without bond and without prejudice
to any other rights and remedies that the Company may have for a breach of this Agreement.

7.7.Waiver.
No waiver by the Company of any breach of this Agreement shall be a waiver of any preceding or
succeeding breach. No waiver by the Company of any right under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other right. The Company
shall not be required to give notice to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement.

7.8.Export.
I agree not to export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Company, or any products utilizing
such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations.

7.9.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which shall be taken together and deemed to be one instrument.

7.10.Entire
Agreement. The obligations pursuant to Sections 1 and 2 of this Agreement shall apply
to any time during which I was previously employed, or am in the future employed, by the Company as a consultant if no other
agreement governs nondisclosure and assignment of inventions during such period. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between us. No
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in
writing and signed by the party to be charged. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect
the validity or scope of this Agreement.

This Agreement shall be effective as of the first day of my employment
with the Company, namely:

________________.

I have read this Agreement
carefully and understand its terms. I have completely filled out Exhibit A to this Agreement.

OMNICELL, INC.: EMPLOYEE:

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Address: 

EXHIBIT A

PREVIOUS INVENTIONS

TO: Omnicell, Inc. 

FROM: 

DATE: 

SUBJECT:Previous
Inventions

1. Except as listed in Section 2 below, the following is a complete list of all inventions or improvements relevant to the subject
matter of my employment by Omnicell, Inc. (the "Company") that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice
by me alone or jointly with others prior to my engagement by the Company:

No
inventions or improvements.

Yes
I have inventions or improvements to report. See below:

Check if additional sheets
are attached.

ONLY COMPLETE SECTION 2 BELOW IF APPLICABLE

2. Due to a prior confidentiality agreement, I cannot complete the disclosure under Section 1 above with respect to inventions
or improvements generally listed below, the proprietary rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to the following
party(ies):

Invention or Improvement Party(ies) Relationship

1. 

2. 

3. 

Check if additional sheets
are attached.

EXHIBIT B

CALIFORNIA LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION

1.1 California Limited
Exclusion Notification.

(a) I acknowledge that
California Labor Code section 2870(a) provides that I cannot be required to assign to Company any Invention that I develop entirely
on my own time without using Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information, except for Inventions that either
(i) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice to Companys business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development, or (ii) result from any work performed by me for Company (Nonassignable Inventions).

(b) To the extent that
a provision in this Agreement purports to require me to assign a Nonassignable Invention to Company, the provision is against the public
policy of the state of California and is unenforceable.

(c) This limited exclusion
does not apply to any patent or Invention covered by a contract between Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring
full title to such patent or Invention to be in the United States.

EXHIBIT C

OTHER STATE SPECIFIC NOTIFICATIONS/MODIFICATIONS
(AS APPLICABLE)

Unassigned
or Nonassignable Inventions. I recognize that this Agreement will not be deemed to require assignment of any Invention that
I developed entirely on my own time without using Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secrets or Confidential Information,
except for those Inventions that either (i) relate to Companys actual or anticipated business, research or development, or
(ii) result from or are connected with work performed by me for Company (Nonassignable Inventions). In
addition, this Agreement does not apply to any Invention which qualifies fully for protection from assignment to Company under any specifically
applicable state law, regulation, rule or public policy, as more specifically described in Exhibit A for employees working in
certain states (collectively, the Specific Inventions Law).

For Employees Working in Delaware Only

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with Del. Code Ann., Title
19, 805 that the Agreement between you and Company does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Company any of your rights
in an invention that you develop entirely on your own time without using Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret
information, except for those inventions that either:

1. Relate to Companys business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development; or

2. Result from any work performed by you for Company.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to apply
to the type of invention described, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

For Employees Working in Illinois Only

NOTICE REQUIRED BY Chapter
765 Section 1060/2 of the Illinois Compiled Statutes:

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with Chapter 765 Section 1060/2
of the Illinois Compiled Statutes that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company does not require you to assign or offer to assign
to Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using Company's equipment, supplies, facilities or trade
secret information except for those inventions that either:

1. Relate to Company's business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development of Company; or

2. Result from any work performed by you for Company.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require
you to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and
is void and unenforceable.

I ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT of a copy of this notification.

Signature of Employee:

Date:

For Employees Working in Kansas Only

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with Section 44-130
of the Kansas Statutes that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company shall not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies,
facilities or trade secret information of Company was used and which was developed entirely on your own time, unless:

(1) The invention relates to the business of Company or to Companys
actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development; or

(2) The intention results from any work performed by you for Company.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to apply
to an invention which it is prohibited from applying to under the above, it is to that extent against the public policy of this state
and is to that extent void and unenforceable.

Even if you meet the burden of proving the conditions specified above,
you shall disclose, at the time of employment or thereafter, all inventions being developed by you, for the purpose of determining Companys
and your rights in an invention.

For Employees Working in Minnesota Only

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with Section 181.78
of the Minnesota Statutes that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company shall not apply to an invention for which no equipment,
supplies, facility or trade secret information of Company was used and which was developed entirely on your own time, and

(1) which does not relate (a) directly to the business of
Company or (b) to Companys actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or

(2) which does not result from any work performed by you for Company.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to apply
to such an invention, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is to that extent void and unenforceable.

For Employees Working in Nevada Only

NOTICE REQUIRED BY SECTION 600.500
OF THE Nevada Revised Statutes:

Except as otherwise provided by express written agreement, an employer
is the sole owner of any patentable invention or trade secret developed by his or her employee during the course and scope of the employment
that relates directly to work performed during the course and scope of the employment.

For Employees Working in New Jersey Only

NOTICE REQUIRED BY SECTION 34:1B-265 OF THE New
Jersey Statutes Annotated:

a. (1) Any provision in an employment contract between an employee
and employer, which provides that the employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee's rights to an invention to that employer,
shall not apply to an invention that the employee develops entirely on the employee's own time, and without using the employer's equipment,
supplies, facilities or information, including any trade secret information, except for those inventions that:

(a) relate to the employer's business or actual or demonstrably
anticipated research or development; or

(b) result from any work performed by the employee on behalf of
the employer.

(2) To the extent any provision in an employment contract applies,
or intends to apply, to an employee invention subject to this subsection, the provision shall be deemed against the public policy of this
State and shall be unenforceable.

b. No employer shall require a provision made void and unenforceable
by this act as a condition of employment or continued employment. Nothing in this act shall be construed to forbid or restrict the right
of an employer to provide in contracts of employment for:

(1) disclosure, provided that any disclosure shall be received
in confidence, of all of an employee's inventions made solely or jointly with others during the term of the employee's employment;

(2) a review process by the employer to determine any issues that
may arise; and

(3) full title to certain patents and inventions to be in the
United States, as required by contracts between the employer and the United States or any of its agencies.

c. Nothing in this act shall be deemed to impede or otherwise diminish
the rights of alienation of inventors or patent-owners.

For Employees Working in North Carolina Only

NOTICE REQUIRED BY SECTIONS 66.57.1 and 66.57.2 OF THE NORTH
CAROLINA GENERAL STATUTE:

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you
in accordance with North Carolina General Statute 66.57.1 and 66.57.2 that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company
does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using
Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either:

1.Relate
at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Companys business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development of Company; or

2.Result
from any work performed by you for Company.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require
you to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and
is unenforceable. You shall have the burden of establishing that any invention is excluded from assignment to Company by the preceding
paragraph.

This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or invention covered
by a contract between Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the
United States.

For Employees Working in Utah Only

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with Section 34-39-3
of the Utah Code that the foregoing Agreement between you and the Company will not be deemed to require you to assign or license, or offer
to assign or license, to the Company any right or intellectual property in or to an invention that is:

(a) created by you entirely on your own time;
and

(b) not an employment invention
under Section 34-39-2 of the Utah Code.

Under Section 34-39-2 of the Utah Code, employment
invention means any invention or part thereof conceived, developed, reduced to practice, or created by you which is:

(a) conceived, developed,
reduced to practice, or created by you:

(i) within the scope of your employment;

(ii) on the Companys time; or

(iii) with the aid, assistance, or use
of any of the Companys employer's property, equipment, facilities, supplies, resources, or intellectual property;

(b) the result of any work, services,
or duties performed by you for the Company;

(c) related to the industry or trade
of the Company; or

(d) related to the current or demonstrably
anticipated business, research, or development of the Company.

For Employees Working in Washington Only

THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with Section 49.44.140
of the Revised Codes of Washington that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company does not apply to an invention for which no equipment,
supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of Company was used, and which was developed entirely on your own time, unless;

(a) the invention relates

(i) directly to the business of
Company; or

(ii) to Companys actual or demonstrably
anticipated research or development; or

(b) the invention results from any work performed
by you for Company.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to apply
to such an invention, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is to that extent void and unenforceable.

THIS IS TO FURTHER NOTIFY you in accordance with Washington
State Senate Bill 5996 that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company does not prohibit you from disclosing sexual harassment or
sexual assault occurring in the workplace, at work-related events coordinated by or through Company, or between employees, or between
an employer and an employee, off the employment premises.

To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to prevent
you from disclosing or discussing sexual harassment or sexual assault occurring in the workplace, at work-related events coordinated by
or through Company, or between employees, or between an employer and an employee, off the employment premises, the provision is against
the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

This limited exclusion does not prohibit a settlement
agreement between an employee or former employee alleging sexual harassment and Company from containing confidentiality provisions. It
also does not apply to human resources staff, supervisors, or managers when they are expected to maintain confidentiality as part of their
assigned job duties. It also does not include individuals who are notified and asked to participate in an open and ongoing investigation
into alleged sexual harassment and requested to maintain confidentiality during the pendency of that investigation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>omcl-20250304.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>omcl-20250304_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>omcl-20250304_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm257997d1_ex10-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 000-33043

Entity Registrant Name OMNICELL, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000926326

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-3166458

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4220 North Freeway

Entity Address, City or Town Fort Worth

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76137

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 415-9990

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol OMCL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://omnicell.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

omcl-20250304.xsd 
omcl-20250304_lab.xml 
omcl-20250304_pre.xml 
tm257997d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-020354-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm257997d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000926326 

2025-03-04 
2025-03-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000926326 
8-K 
2025-03-04 
OMNICELL, INC. 
DE 
000-33043 
94-3166458 
4220 North Freeway 
Fort Worth 
TX 
76137 
877 
415-9990 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
OMCL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>