<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001704715-25-000003.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001704715-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131161647
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001704715-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		163
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001704715
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE SURFACE MINING [1221]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38735
		FILM NUMBER:		25578585

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37620
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(423) 573-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Contura Energy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170425
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>amr-20250131.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?amr-20250131

false000170471500017047152025-01-312025-01-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

_______________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2025

ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

001-38735 

81-3015061

(Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.

Bristol, Tennessee37620

(Address of principal executive offices, zip code)

(423) 573-0300

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock AMR New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Signatures

Exhibit Index

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

In January 2025, the Compensation Committee of the board of directors (the Committee) of Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. (the Company) determined that, in order to promote the retention of the Companys executive officers and to otherwise help ensure the stability of the Companys leadership, it would be in the Companys best interests to enter into an amended and restated employment agreement with the Companys chief executive officer and to enter into new employment agreements with the Companys other executive officers. 

On January 31, 2025, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with C. Andrew Eidson, pursuant to which Mr. Eidson will continue to serve as chief executive officer of the Company. Also on January 31, 2025, the Company entered into new employment agreements with each of the following executives: (i) Jason E. Whitehead, with respect to his continued employment as president and chief operating officer; (ii) J. Todd Munsey, with respect to his continued employment as executive vice president and chief financial officer; (iii) Daniel E. Horn, with respect to his continued employment as executive vice president and chief commercial officer; and (iv) Mark M. Manno, with respect to his continued employment as executive vice president, general counsel and secretary. Each executive is referred to herein as an Executive and the amended and restated employment agreement and the new employment agreements are collectively referred to herein as the Employment Agreements. The Employment Agreements are effective as of January 31, 2025. 

Under the terms of the Employment Agreements, each Executive will serve in his respective capacity through January 31, 2028. Each Executives initial 3-year term automatically renews for successive 1-year terms unless terminated by either party with at least 90 days written notice to the other party prior to the end of the then current term of the notifying partys election not to extend the term. 

Pursuant to the Employment Agreements, each Executive is entitled to an annual base salary as follows: (i) Mr. Eidson: $1,000,000; (ii) Mr. Whitehead: $750,000; (iii) Mr. Munsey: $550,000; (iv) Mr. Horn: $515,000; and (v) Mr. Manno: $500,000. Any Executives annual base salary may be increased from time to time at the sole discretion of the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1st of each calendar year during an Executives term, the Executives base salary will be automatically increased by 5%.

During each Executives respective term, the Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus to the extent earned based on performance against annual performance criteria established by the Committee under the Companys Annual Incentive Bonus Plan (the AIB). Each Executives target and maximum annual bonus opportunities under the AIB, as a percentage of annual base salary, will be, respectively, as follows, in each case subject to applicable performance criteria: (i) Mr. Eidson: 125% and 250%; (ii) Mr. Whitehead: 110% and 220%; (iii) Mr. Munsey: 100% and 200%; (iv) Mr. Horn: 100% and 200%; and (v) Mr. Manno: 100% and 200%.

Each Executive will continue to participate in the Companys 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended or restated from time to time, the LTIP) at a target amount equal to the following percentages of annual base salary in accordance with the terms of the LTIP and any performance criteria established by the Committee: (i) Mr. Eidson: 350%; (ii) Mr. Whitehead: 235%; (iii) Mr. Munsey: 200%; (iv) Mr. Horn: 200%; and (v) Mr. Manno: 200%.

If an Executive is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreements), he will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits, subject to his execution of a release of claims and other customary terms:

an amount equal to (i) for Mr. Eidson, 2 times base salary, and for the other Executives, 1.5 times base salary, plus (ii) for Mr. Eidson, 2 times target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, and for the other Executives, 1.5 times target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, plus (iii) target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, prorated to the portion of such year the Executive was employed by the Company, payable in the form of a lump sum;

(i) with respect to any outstanding equity award or cash-based long-term incentive award outstanding as of the date of termination, the vesting and payout of which depend solely upon the Executives time in service, such as stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar equity and cash-based rights held by the Executive, the service condition applicable to the award will fully vest as of Executives date of termination, and all stock options held by the Executive will remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of the expiration date of the applicable option term or the one year anniversary of the Executives termination; and (ii) with respect to any outstanding equity award or cash-based long-term incentive award outstanding as of the date of termination, the vesting and payout of which depend both upon the Executives time in service and the achievement of other performance criteria previously established by the Committee, the service condition applicable to the award will fully vest as of Executives effective date of termination, pro-rated based on the period of time that the Executive was employed by the Company during the 

vesting period of the award, determined as of the Executives date of termination, with the performance conditions of the award deemed to have met target objectives (collectively, the Accelerated Vesting);

earned and accrued but unpaid individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation for prior years; and

reimbursement by the Company for Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) health and dental insurance premiums and life insurance premiums for the Executive and his dependents until the earliest of the Executive obtaining the age of 65, the date he becomes eligible to participate in another employers group health plan and 18-months following the date of termination (the Continuation Benefits).

If an Executive is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason during the period beginning 90 days prior to and ending 12 months following a change in control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), he will be entitled to receive the following enhanced severance benefits, subject to his execution of a release of claims:

an amount equal to (i) for Mr. Eidson, 2.5 times base salary, and for the other Executives, 2 times base salary, plus (ii) for Mr. Eidson, 2.5 times the target annual bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, and for the other Executives, 2 times the target annual bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, plus (iii) target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, prorated to the portion of such year the Executive was employed by the Company, payable in the form of a lump sum;

the Accelerated Vesting;

earned and accrued but unpaid individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation for prior years; and

the Continuation Benefits.

If an Executives employment is terminated due to death or disability, he will be entitled to receive earned and accrued but unpaid individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation for prior years and the Continuation Benefits (other than life insurance premiums in the case of his death).

Under the Employment Agreements, each Executive agrees that, following a termination of his employment for any reason, he will not, for a two year period, undertake activities that compete with the business of the company. The Employment Agreements also contain other customary terms and conditions.

This description of the Employment Agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Employment Agreements, copies of which are attached as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and C. Andrew Eidson

Exhibit 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and Jason E. Whitehead

Exhibit 10.3 Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and J. Todd Munsey

Exhibit 10.4 Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and Daniel E. Horn

Exhibit 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and Mark M. Manno

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the duly authorized undersigned.

Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc.

Date: January 31, 2025 

By: /s/ J. Todd Munsey

Name: J. Todd Munsey

Title: Chief Financial Officer

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

Exhibit 10.1 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and C. Andrew Eidson

Exhibit 10.2 

Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and Jason E. Whitehead

Exhibit 10.3 

Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and J. Todd Munsey

Exhibit 10.4 

Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and Daniel E. Horn

Exhibit 10.5 

Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. and Mark M. Manno

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025, C. ANDREW EIDSON
<TEXT>
exhibit101eidsonamendeda

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (Agreement), dated and effective this 31st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Employer), and C. Andrew Eidson (Employee). Defined terms used herein are set forth in Section 7.14. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Employee was promoted to Employers Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2023; WHEREAS, Employer has employed Employee as its Chief Executive Officer since January 1, 2023, and as an employee of Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC (AMS), pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in that certain Employment Agreement, dated November 18, 2022 (Original Agreement); and WHEREAS, Employer and Employee now desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, Employer and Employee agree as follows: ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES: 1.1 Employer agrees to, and agrees to cause AMS to, continue to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to continue to be employed hereunder, for a term (the Term) beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing through the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Term shall remain in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth herein, and shall be automatically extended for successive twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice to the other at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current Term of such partys election not to extend the Term. 1.2 Employee shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of Employer, shall be employed by AMS as an employee of AMS, and shall serve on the Board of Directors of Employer (the Board of Directors). Employee shall report to the Board of Directors. Employee shall serve in the assigned positions or in such other executive capacities as may be agreed to, from time to time, between Employee and Employer, the Board of Directors, and/or the Employer Entities (as defined below). Employee agrees to perform diligently and to the best of Employees abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to such positions as reasonably determined by Employer, AMS and the Board of Directors, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the Board of Directors, AMS and/or Employer. 1.3 Employee shall at all times comply in all material respects with, and be subject to, such policies and procedures as Employer and/or the Employer Entities may establish from time to time, including, without limitation, Employers Code of Business Ethics and any policy relating to sexual harassment (each, an Employer Policy). Employee agrees (i) to abide by any compensation recovery, recoupment, anti-hedging, anti-pledging, stock ownership, or 

other policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; (ii) that any such cash-or equity-based incentive compensation granted will be subject to any compensation recovery or recoupment policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) to adhere to the intent of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), or other applicable law, as advised to the Board of Directors in a written opinion (including via e-mail correspondence) from Employers legal counsel; and (iii) that the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically and unilaterally amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance by Employee and this Agreement with such policies, the Dodd-Frank Act, Sarbanes-Oxley, and any other applicable law. 1.4 Except as expressly approved by the Board of Directors, Employee shall, during the period of Employees employment hereunder, devote Employees full business time, energy, and best efforts to the business and affairs of Employer, AMS and the Employer Entities. Employee may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business, investment, or activity that interferes with Employees performance of Employees duties hereunder, is contrary to the interest of Employer, AMS or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (each such subsidiary or affiliate, together with AMS, an Employer Entity, or collectively, the Employer Entities) or requires any significant portion of Employees business time. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Employee may engage in passive personal investments which do not conflict with the business and affairs of Employer or any of the Employer Entities or interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder. Employee may not serve on the board of directors of any entity (other than an Employer Entity, related industry trade association, public institution, government appointed public or quasi-public body, or not-for- profit charitable organization so long as such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder) during the Term without prior approval by the Board of Directors. 1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of Employer and the Employer Entities and to do no act which, directly or indirectly, injures or would reasonably be expected to injure any such entitys business, interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial activities, which interest would adversely affect Employer, or any Employer Entity, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with Employees fiduciary duties to Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee agrees that Employee shall not knowingly become involved in a conflict of interest with Employer or any Employer Entity, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. 1.6 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude the transfer by Employer or AMS of Employees employment to another Employer Entity (Subsequent Employer) as of, or at any time after, the Effective Date and no such transfer shall be deemed to be a termination of employment for purposes of Article 3 hereof; provided, however, that, effective with such transfer, all obligations of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assumed by and be binding upon, and all rights of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assigned to, such Subsequent Employer and the defined terms Employer and AMS as used 

herein and any other terms referring and/or relating to Employer or AMS shall thereafter be deemed amended to mean and refer to such Subsequent Employer. Except as otherwise provided above, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, Employees rights, compensation, benefits and obligations, shall remain in all material respects and taken as a whole, no less favorable to Employee following such transfer of employment. ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 2.1 Employees base salary during the Term shall be $1,000,000.00 per annum (Base Salary) which shall be paid in accordance with Employers standard payroll practice. Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and may be increased, in the Compensation Committees sole discretion, from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1st of each calendar year during the Term, Employees Base Salary shall automatically be increased by five percent (5%). Such increased base salary shall become the minimum Base Salary under this Agreement and may not be decreased thereafter without the written consent of Employee unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 2.2 Commencing with the 2025 calendar year and for each calendar year thereafter during the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual cash performance bonus (an Annual Bonus), to the extent earned based on performance against performance criteria established for each calendar year by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the terms of Employers Annual Incentive Bonus Plan (as may be amended or superseded from time to time, the Bonus Plan). Employees Annual Bonus opportunity for a calendar year shall equal 125% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if target levels of performance for that year are achieved (the Target Bonus), and shall equal 250% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if maximum levels or above of performance for that year are achieved. Employees Annual Bonus for a calendar year shall be determined by the Compensation Committee after the end of the applicable calendar year and shall be paid to Employee when annual bonuses for that calendar year are paid to other senior executives of Employer generally, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates. Subject to the terms of the Bonus Plan, to the extent that performance levels for a given calendar year are achieved below any applicable threshold levels, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any Annual Bonus for such year, and to the extent that performance levels are achieved between performance levels, the amount of Employees Annual Bonus for such year shall be calculated on a pro rata basis by the Compensation Committee. 2.3 Employee will continue to participate in Employers 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended or restated from time to time, the LTIP) at a target of 350% of annual base salary, in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. 2.4 Employee will be entitled to the use of a company vehicle in accordance with Employers company vehicle usage policies. 2.5 Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation in each calendar year which may be used in accordance with Employers vacation policy as in effect from time to time. Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by Employer to its executive officers generally. 

2.6 During the Term, Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all actual, reasonable and customary expenses incurred by Employee in the course of his employment; provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with Employers applicable policies and procedures. In addition, Employer shall reimburse Employee in an amount not to exceed $15,000, for reasonable, documented legal fees and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Employee in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 2.7 While employed hereunder, Employee shall be eligible to participate in, subject to, and on the same terms generally as other employees of Employer, all general employee benefit plans and programs which are made available by Employer to Employers similarly situated employees. 2.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that the Employer Entities shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, employee benefit or stock or stock option program or plan. 2.9 Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive or other compensation paid to Employee pursuant to this Agreement or any other plan, policy, program, or agreement or arrangement of or with Employer that is subject to clawback or other similar recovery under Employer Policy, applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as any of the same may be in effect from time to time, will be subject to such clawback or other recovery as may be required thereunder. 2.10 Any compensation, benefits, or other amounts payable under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding for all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any applicable law or governmental regulation or ruling. 2.11 All references to Employer in this Article 2 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 3: TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND EFFECTS OF SUCH TERMINATION 3.1 Employees employment hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the Term: (i) upon the death of Employee, (ii) upon Employees Permanent Disability (as defined below), (iii) at any time by Employer upon written notice to Employee, (iv) by Employee without Good Reason (as defined below) upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Employer (which notice period may be waived or shortened by Employer in its sole discretion without such action constituting Good Reason) or (v) by Employee for Good Reason upon written notice to Employer. Employee agrees and confirms that any termination of Employees employment pursuant to this Article 3 shall constitute, with no further action required, Employees resignation from any position that Employee holds on the Board of Directors and as an employee, manager, agent or officer of, service provider to, or member of the board of directors of, Employer and any Employer Entity, each such resignation to be effective on the date of the termination of Employees employment hereunder. 

3.2 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of any of the following circumstances (i), (ii), or (iii), Employee shall be entitled to receive only the benefits set forth in Section 3.3 below: (i) Termination by Employer for Employer Cause. Termination of Employees employment for Employer Cause shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employer for any of the following: (a) Employees gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, (b) Employees conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, (x) a felony or (y) a crime involving moral turpitude, (c) Employee engaging in fraudulent or criminal activity, including misappropriation or embezzlement (whether or not prosecuted), (d) Employees material violation of any Employer Policy, (e) Employees breach of any provision of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, (f) Employees material breach of any other provision of this Agreement, provided that Employee has received written notice from Employer and been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), (g) any continuing or repeated failure or refusal by Employee to perform his material duties as requested by the Board of Directors after Employee has been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), or (h) conduct by Employee which brings Employer and/or the Employer Entities into public disgrace or disrepute in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not Employer Cause exists for termination of Employees employment will be made by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. (ii) Termination by Employee by Resignation Other Than for Good Reason. Employees resignation, other than for Good Reason (as defined below), shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employees resignation of employment with Employer and any Employer Entity, but not including any termination of employment by Employee for Good Reason as described in Section 3.4(i) or a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control (as defined below) by Employee described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Election Not to Renew Term by Employee. Employee elects not to renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Agreement. 3.3 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(i), 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall be entitled to the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to: (a) any Base Salary earned, accrued or owing to Employee through the effective date of termination of employment, (b) reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.6 for all reasonable and customary accrued but unpaid expenses incurred by Employee prior to the effective date of termination of employment and (c) accrued and vested amounts and benefits to which Employee may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of any Employer Entity in accordance with the terms thereof, if any (collectively, the Accrued Obligations). (ii) In the event that Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall also be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 

(iii) Except for the Accrued Obligations and any payments described in Section 3.3(ii), it is specifically understood that all future compensation to which Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible, shall cease and terminate as of the effective date of termination of employment. 3.4 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) below, and, in the case of (i) and (ii), other than a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control, as otherwise provided in Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.5 or Section 3.6, as applicable. In addition, Employee shall not be entitled to participate in the Key Employee Separation Plan (KESP) , and all benefits for termination of Employees employment shall be solely governed by this Agreement. (i) Termination by Employee for Good Reason (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employee for Good Reason shall mean a termination of Employees employment by Employee with Employer and any Employer Entity as a result of the occurrence, without Employees written consent, of one of the following events: (a) a material reduction in Employees (1) annual Base Salary or (2) Target Bonus opportunity (unless such reduction in (1) and/or (2) relates to an across-the-board reduction similarly affecting Employee and all or substantially all other executives of Employer); (b) Employer makes or causes to be made a material adverse change in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities which results in a material diminution in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities, including, without limitation, Employee being required to report to any person other than the Board of Directors, except in connection with a termination of Employees employment with any Employer Entity for Permanent Disability, Employer Cause, death, or temporarily as a result of Employees incapacity or other absence for an extended period; (c) a relocation of Employers principal place of business, or of Employees own office as assigned to Employee by any Employer Entity, to a location that increases Employees normal work commute by more than fifty (50) miles; or (d) an acquiror in a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7, below) fails to assume this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the following terms: (1) the acquirors assumption of this Agreement must be a closing condition to such Change in Control, (2) such assumption must be in writing and contractually effective immediately as of the closing of such Change in Control, and (3) such assumption must extend the Term to the three (3) year anniversary from the Closing of such Change in Control, subject to renewals thereafter in accordance with Section 1.1. In order for Employee to terminate for Good Reason, (a) the Board of Directors must be notified by Employee in writing within ninety (90) days of the event constituting Good Reason becoming known to Employee, (b) the event must remain uncorrected by the applicable Employer Entity for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Notice Period), and (c) such termination must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, however, that the foregoing procedure set forth in this sentence shall not apply to, and not be required with respect to, any Good Reason set forth in Section 3.4(i)(d) (i.e., acquiror failing to assume this Agreement in a Change in Control pursuant to the requirements of Section 3.4(i)(d)). (ii) Employer Termination Without Employer Cause (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employer for any reason other than for Employer Cause, including, without limitation, termination by Employer or resignation by Employee as a result of Employers election not to 

renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1, but not including a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control by Employer described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Death. Termination due to the death of Employee. (iv) Termination due to Employees Permanent Disability. Termination of Employees employment for Permanent Disability shall mean a termination of Employees employment due to Employee having a physical or mental incapacity to perform his usual duties with such condition likely to remain continuously and permanently as determined by Employer. 3.5 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.6(i), Section 3.8, and Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated by Employee under Section 3.4(i) or by Employer under Section 3.4(ii), Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of: (a) two (2) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination of employment plus (b) two (2) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination of employment occurs plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, such compensation shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, be paid to Employee in equal installments in accordance with Employers customary payroll practices commencing with the first pay period following the effective date of termination of employment and ending on the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of such termination of employment, provided that Employers obligation to make any further payments of such amount shall cease on the date Employee violates any of the covenants set forth in Article 4 or Article 5 hereof; provided further that, notwithstanding installment payments to the contrary, Employer shall take all efforts to pay compensation provided in Section 3.5(i)(a), (b) and (c) in the form of a lump sum payment to the extent such would not cause an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A (e.g., amount subject to short-term deferral rule, amount within 2 times the Section 401(a)(17) limit, amount not exceeding the Section 402(g) limit, etc.). (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 3.4(i) or Section 3.4(ii), as the case may be, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employee's date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (v) To the extent permitted by applicable law and the insurance and benefits policies in which Employee is entitled to participate (collectively, Benefit Plans), Employer or AMS, as applicable, shall maintain Employees paid coverage for health and dental insurance (through the payment or reimbursement of Employees COBRA premiums) and life insurance benefits (through the reimbursement of Employees premiums upon conversion to individual policy) for the earliest to occur of: (a) Employee obtaining the age of 65, (b) the date Employee is eligible to participate in another employers group health plan (which Employee must provide prompt notice with respect thereto to Employer), or (c) the expiration of the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below). During the applicable period of coverage described in the foregoing sentence, Employee shall be entitled to benefits, on substantially the same basis as would have otherwise been provided had Employee not been terminated and neither Employer nor AMS, as applicable, will have any obligation to pay any benefits to, or premiums on behalf of, Employee after such period ends. The COBRA Continuation Period for medical and dental insurance under this Section 3.5(v) shall be deemed to run concurrent with the continuation period federally mandated by COBRA (generally eighteen (18) months). For purposes of this Agreement, (a) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and (b) COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the continuation period for medical and dental insurance to be provided under the terms of this Agreement which shall commence on the first day of the calendar month following the month in which the date of termination falls and shall continue for an eighteen (18) month period. Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement of life insurance premiums as provided in this Section 3.5(v) to the extent such expense is actually incurred for the applicable calendar year and reasonably substantiated. Any such reimbursement shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expense is incurred by Employee. The benefits under this Section 3.5(v) shall be referred to as the Continuation Benefits. 3.6 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.4(iii) or (iv), Employees estate, in the case of death, or Employee (or his legal guardian), in the case of Permanent Disability, shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. (ii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits (other than, in the case of Employees death, life insurance benefits). (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 3.7 Involuntary Termination In Connection with a Change in Control. In the event Employees employment is terminated at the request of an acquiror of Employer during the 90- day period immediately preceding a Change in Control, or on or within the one-year period immediately following a Change in Control (a Termination In Connection With A Change In Control) by: (i) Employee for Good Reason or (ii) Employer other than for Employer Cause, 

Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.8. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the date of this Agreement: (a) any merger, consolidation or business combination in which the stockholders of Employer immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or business combination do not own at least a majority of the outstanding equity interests of the surviving parent entity, (b) the sale of all or substantially all of Employers assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person entity that is not an Affiliate of Employer, (c) the acquisition of beneficial ownership or control of (including, without limitation, power to vote) a majority of the outstanding common stock of Employer by any person or entity (including a group as defined by or under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than (1) any employee plan established by Employer or any subsidiary, (2) Employer or any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of Employer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Employer, or (d) a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who were directors of Employer before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated pursuant to Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of (a) two and one-half (2.5) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination, plus (b) two and one-half (2.5) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of the termination occurs; plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to Section 7.2, such compensation shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum payment within the seven-day period immediately following satisfaction of the timing requirements set forth in Section 3.9, below. (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employees date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(v) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits. 3.9 The severance benefits paid and provided to Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall be in consideration of Employees continuing obligations hereunder after such termination of employment, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. Further, as a condition to the receipt of any such severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations, Employer shall require Employee to first execute a release, in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A, releasing Employer and all other Employer Entities, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or character, including, but not limited to, all claims and causes of action arising out of Employees employment with Employer and any other Employer Entities or the termination of such employment. The release must be executed by Employee by no later than the 60th day following Employees termination of employment; provided that if the sixty (60) day period begins in one taxable year and ends in the following taxable year, such payments shall not commence until such following taxable year. If Employee fails or otherwise refuses to execute a release within the time specified herein, or revokes the release during the revocation period defined therein, Employee will not be entitled to any such severance benefits and Employer shall have no further obligations with respect to the payment of the severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations. The performance of Employers obligations under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 and the receipt of the severance benefit provided thereunder by Employee shall constitute full settlement of all such claims and causes of action. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant to which a severance benefit payment or benefit under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 is owing and the amounts and benefits due Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall not be reduced or suspended, except as otherwise provided, if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual, provided, however that in the event Employee breaches any of Employees obligations under Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, then, in addition to Employers right to specific performance pursuant to Section 5.5 or any other rights that Employer or each Employer Entity may have under this Agreement or otherwise, Employer and each Employer Entity shall have the right to terminate payment of any amounts or benefits to which Employee would otherwise be entitled pursuant to this Article 3. Employees rights under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 are Employees sole and exclusive rights against Employer, or any Employer Entity, and Employers sole and exclusive liability to Employee under this Agreement, whether such claim is based in contract, tort or otherwise, for the termination of his employment relationship hereunder. Employee agrees that all disputes relating to Employees employment or termination of employment shall be resolved through the dispute resolution provisions provided in Section 7.7 hereof; provided, however, that decisions as to whether there is Employer Cause for termination of the employment relationship with Employee and whether and as of what date Employee has become Permanently Disabled shall be limited to whether such decision was reached in good faith. Nothing contained in this Article 3 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by Employer or AMS, except that Employee shall not be entitled to any severance benefits pursuant to any severance plan or program of Employer and/or the Employer Entities except as outlined in this Agreement. 

3.10 For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be a participant in Employers KESP, and Employee shall not be entitled to any severance or similar benefits in connection with a termination of his employment except as set forth in this Agreement. 3.11 Termination of the employment relationship does not terminate those obligations imposed by this Agreement, which are continuing obligations, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. 3.12 The payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of employment does not constitute an offer or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an employee of Employer or any Employer Entity after the effective date of termination of employment. Except where any Employer Entity is lawfully required to withhold any federal, state, or local taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, or local taxes that arise out of any payments to Employee hereunder. 3.13 During any period during which any monies are being paid to Employee under this Agreement after the effective date of termination of employment, Employee shall provide to Employer and any Employer Entity reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning the business of Employer and any Employer Entity, transition of responsibility, or litigation. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all out-of-pocket expenses of Employee reasonably incurred in connection with such assistance in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policy. Any such assistance after the effective date of termination of employment shall be scheduled so as not to unreasonably interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any subsequent employer. 3.14 All references to Employer in this Article 3 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 4: OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: 4.1 All information, ideas, concepts, innovations, developments, methods, processes, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, discoveries and inventions and all improvements to any of the foregoing, whether or not patentable or reduced to practice, which are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Employee in whole or in part, individually or in conjunction with others, during Employees employment by Employer or any of the Employer Entities, both before and after the date hereof (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on Employers premises or otherwise) which relate to the business, products or services of Employer or the Employer Entities (including, without limitation, all such information relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names, marks, and any copyrightable work, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights (whether or not composing confidential information, and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such items) (collectively, Work Product), shall be the sole and exclusive property of 

Employer or any Employer Entity, as the case may be, and shall be treated as work made for hire to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the U.S. Copyright Act. If, for any reason, any Work Product shall not legally be a work made for hire and/or ownership of any Work Product does not automatically accrue to Employer or another Employer Entity, as applicable, then Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign any and all of Employees right, title and interest thereto, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, to Employer, and Employer shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner determined by Employer without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. To the extent Employee has any right, title or interest in any Work Product that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably exclusively licenses such Work Product to Employer. Without limiting the foregoing, it is recognized that Employee is an experienced executive in the business of Employer and the Employer Entities, and through several decades of work in such business prior to his employment by Employer has acquired and retains knowledge, contacts, and information which are not covered by this Article 4. 4.2 Employee shall promptly and fully disclose all Work Product to Employer and shall cooperate and perform all actions reasonably requested by Employer (whether during or after the Term) to establish, confirm and protect Employers and/or the Employer Entities right, title and interest in such Work Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee agrees to assist Employer, at Employers expense, to secure Employers and the Employer Entities rights in the Work Product in any and all countries, including the execution by Employee of all applications and all other instruments and documents which Employer and/or the Employer Entities shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain rights in such Work Product. If Employer is unable because of Employees mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason (including Employees refusal to do so after request therefor is made by Employer) to secure Employees signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any registrations covering Work Product belonging to Employer and/or the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 4.1 above, then Employee by this Agreement irrevocably designates and appoints Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in Employees behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. Employees obligations to assist Employer and/or the Employer Entities with respect to Work Product as set forth herein shall continue beyond the termination of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entities. Employee agrees not to apply for or pursue any application for any registrations covering any Work Product other than pursuant to this Section 4.2. 4.3 Employee acknowledges that the businesses of Employer and the Employer Entities are highly competitive and that their strategies, methods, books, records, and documents, their technical information concerning their products, equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning their former, present or prospective customers and business affiliates, all comprise confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special, and unique assets which Employer and/or the Employer Entities use in their business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. Employee further acknowledges that protection of such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized 

disclosure and use is of critical importance to Employer and the Employer Entities in maintaining their competitive position. Employee acknowledges that by reason of Employees duties to, and association with, Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee has had and will have access to, and has and will become informed of, confidential business information which is a competitive asset of Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee hereby agrees that Employee will not, at any time during or after his employment by any Employer Entity, make any unauthorized disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his employment responsibilities hereunder. Employee shall take all necessary and appropriate steps to safeguard confidential business information and protect it against disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, loss and theft. Confidential business information shall not include information in the public domain (but only if the same becomes part of the public domain through a means other than a disclosure prohibited hereunder). The above notwithstanding, a disclosure shall not be unauthorized if (i) it is required by law or by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) it is in connection with any judicial, arbitration, dispute resolution or other legal proceeding in which Employees legal rights and obligations as an employee or under this Agreement are at issue; provided, however, that Employee shall, to the extent practicable and lawful in any such events, give prior notice to Employer of his intent to disclose any such confidential business information in such context so as to allow Employer or an Employer Entity an opportunity (which Employee will not oppose) to obtain such protective orders or similar relief with respect thereto as may be deemed appropriate. 4.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Employee from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Employee may do so without notifying Employer. Neither Employer nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Employee to waive any monetary award or other payment that Employee might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Employee from notifying Employer that Employee is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee and Employer acknowledge and agree that Employee shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Employee and Employer further acknowledge and agree that if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by Employer or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

4.5 All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or coming into the possession of, Employee during the period of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entity which contain or disclose confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or which relate to Employees Work Product described in Section 4.1 above, shall be and remain the property of Employer, or the Employer Entities, as the case may be. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason or upon the request of Employer, Employee shall promptly deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to Employer. ARTICLE 5: COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE: 5.1 In consideration of the compensation to be paid to Employee under this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment, he has and will become familiar with Employers and the Employer Entities trade secrets, business plans and business strategies and with other confidential business information concerning Employer and the Employer Entities and that Employees services have been and shall be of special, unique and extraordinary value to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee also acknowledges that in the course of his employment he had and will have access to Employers and the Employer Entities relationships and goodwill with their customers, distributors, suppliers and employees. In light of Employees value to, and knowledge of, Employer, the Employer Entities, and the Business (as defined below) and Employees compensation pursuant to this Agreement, Employee agrees that, during the Term and for a period of two (2) years following a termination of Employees employment for any reason (the Non-Compete Period), he will not, in association with or as an officer, principal, manager, member, advisor, agent, partner, director, material stockholder, employee or consultant of any corporation (or sub-unit, in the case of a diversified business) or other enterprise, entity or association, work on the acquisition or development of, or engage in any line of business, property or project which is, directly or indirectly, competitive with any business that Employer or any Employer Entity engages in during the Term, including but not limited to, the mining, processing, transportation, distribution, trading and sale of synfuel, coal and coal byproducts (collectively, the Business). Such restriction shall cover Employees activities anywhere in the states in the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term. 5.2 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not (i) solicit or induce (or attempt to induce) any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during such term or period or the six-month period prior to such solicitation or inducement to (A) interfere with the activities or businesses of Employer or any Employer Entity or (B) discontinue his or her employment with Employer or any of the Employer Entities, or (ii) hire directly or through another entity any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during the six-month period prior to the date such person is to be so hired. 5.3 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors or suppliers of Employer or any of 

the Employer Entities to divert their business to any competitor of Employer or any Employer Entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, distributor or supplier and Employer and/or any Employer Entity (including, without limitation, making any negative statements or communications about Employer or any Employer Entity). During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, acquire or attempt to acquire any business in any state in the United States or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term, if during the Term, Employer or any Employer Entity has made an acquisition proposal relating to the possible acquisition of such business (such business, an Acquisition Target), or take any action to induce or attempt to induce any Acquisition Target to consummate any acquisition, investment or other similar transaction with any person or entity other than Employer or any Employer Entity. 5.4 Employee understands that the provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof may limit his ability to earn a livelihood in a business in which he is involved, but as a member of the management group of Employer and the Employer Entities he nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of Employer and any of the Employer Entities; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided hereunder, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits provided under Article 3 hereof, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employees education, skills and abilities, Employee agrees that he will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 otherwise are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 5.5 If, at the time of enforcement of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. Employee acknowledges that he is a member of Employers and the Employer Entities management group with access to Employers and the Employer Entities confidential business information and his services are unique to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee therefore agrees that the remedy at law for any breach by him of any of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article 4 and Article 5 will be inadequate and that in the event of any such breach, Employer and the Employer Entities may, in addition to the other remedies which may be available to them at law, apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain specific performance and/or injunctive relief prohibiting Employee (together with all those persons associated with him) from the breach of such covenants and agreements and to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in the event of a breach or violation by Employee of this Article 5, the Non-Compete Period set forth in this Article 5 shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. 5.6 Each of the covenants of this Article 5 are given by Employee as part of the consideration for this Agreement and as an inducement to Employer to enter into this Agreement and accept the obligations hereunder. 

5.7 If Employee materially breaches any obligation under Article 4 or Article 5 hereof, Employer shall provide written notice of such breach to Employee and (i) Employee shall pay to Employer, in cash, an amount equal to any and all payments paid to or on behalf of Employee under Article 3 of this Agreement and (ii) any equity or equity-based awards that are unvested as of the date of such breach or were entitled to accelerated vesting under Section 3.5(ii) or 3.8(ii) shall be immediately forfeited in their entirety. Employee agrees that failure to make such timely payment to Employer constitutes an independent and material breach of this Agreement by Employee, for which Employer may seek recovery of the unpaid amount as liquidated damages, in addition to all other rights and remedies Employer may have resulting from Employees breach of the obligations set forth in Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof. Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is reasonable and necessary because the damages that will result from a breach of Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof cannot readily be ascertained. Further, Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is not a penalty, and it does not preclude Employer from seeking all other remedies that may be available to Employer, including, without limitation, those set forth in this Article 5. ARTICLE 6: CODE SECTION 280G: 6.1 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which Employee has the right to receive from Employer or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by Employee from Employer and/or such person(s) will be $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose solely by Employer with input from Employee (the 280G Firm), including the valuation of any non-compete for purposes of determining services to be rendered in the future. In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm will retain the services of an independent valuation expert. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from Employer (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees 

base amount, then Employee shall immediately repay such excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require Employer to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, Employees excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. ARTICLE 7: MISCELLANEOUS: 7.1 For purposes of this Agreement, the terms affiliate or affiliates mean means any entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, Employer. 7.2 Section 409A. (i) The provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). (ii) For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder, including each severance installment payment, shall be treated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A. Employee shall have no right to designate the date of any payment hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of amounts upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, (x) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee in any other calendar year, (y) the reimbursements for expenses for which Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred and (z) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. (iii) With respect to payments subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom), if any, it is intended that each payment is paid on permissible distribution event and at a specified time consistent with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment hereunder is subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom) and payable on account of a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be delayed for a period of six months after the date of such separation from service (or, if earlier, the death of Employee) if Employee is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A and determined in accordance with the procedures established by Employer). Any payment that would otherwise have been due or owing during such six-month period will be paid immediately following the end of the six-month 

period in the month following the month containing the 6-month anniversary of the date of separation from service. (iv) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges and agrees that neither Employer nor any of the Employer Entities shall be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this Agreement will be construed to obligate or cause Employer or any of the Employer Entities to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with respect to any violation of Section 409A. 7.3 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by or tendered to Employee or Employer, as applicable, by pre-paid courier or by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: If to Employer: Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. 340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. PO Box 848 Bristol, TN 37620 Attn: General Counsel If to Employee: To his last known personal residence 7.4 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced, in all respects, in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. 7.5 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 7.6 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the term, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision, covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any extent, be construed to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision, covenant, or remedy shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its enforceability under applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those to which they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect. 7.7 It is the mutual intention of the parties to have any dispute concerning this Agreement resolved out of court. Accordingly, the parties agree that any such dispute shall, as the sole and exclusive remedy, be submitted for resolution, then pursuant to binding arbitration to be held in Bristol, Tennessee, in accordance with the employment arbitration rules (except as modified below) of the American Arbitration Association and with the Expedited Procedures 

thereof (collectively, the Rules); provided, however, that Employer, on its own behalf and on behalf of any of the Employer Entities, and the Employers Entities shall be entitled to seek a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any breach or the continuation of any breach of the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 and Employee hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of Employer or any Employer Entity posting any bond. Each of the parties hereto agrees that such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Rules; provided that such arbitrator shall be experienced in deciding cases concerning the matter which is the subject of the dispute. Each of the parties agrees that in any such arbitration that pre-arbitration discovery shall be limited to the greatest extent provided by the Rules, that the award shall be made in writing no more than 30 days following the end of the proceeding, that the arbitration shall not be conducted as a class action, that the arbitration award shall not include factual findings or conclusions of law. Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered on it in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto agrees to treat as confidential the results of any arbitration (including, without limitation, any findings of fact and/or law made by the arbitrator) and not to disclose such results to any unauthorized person. 7.8 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Employer, the Employer Entities, their respective successors in interest, and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of Employer and the Employer Entities by any means, whether indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Employer, other than in the case of Employees death. 7.9 This Agreement replaces and merges any previous agreements and discussions pertaining to the subject matter covered herein and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties (or any Employer Entity) with regard to the matters set forth herein. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement, oral or written, has been made by either party with respect to the matters set forth herein which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement, statement, or promise relating to the employment of Employee by Employer or any Employer Entity that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. This Agreement may not be amended orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, Employer may, solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, modify the terms of this Agreement if it is determined that such terms would subject any payments or benefits hereunder to the additional tax and/or interest assessed under Section 409A of the Code. 7.10 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties respective rights and obligations under Articles 3, 4, 5, 6, and this Article 7 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Employees employment for any reason whatsoever. 

7.11 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 7.12 Employee hereby represents to Employer that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and Employer and the performance by Employee of Employee duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or otherwise bound. 7.13 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to be in an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 7.14 For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(i). Acquisition Target shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. Annual Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Benefit Plans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.2. Bonus Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Business shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. AMS shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7. COBRA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). COBRA Contribution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Compensation Committee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Continuation Benefits shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Employer shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 

Employer Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(i). Employer Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. Employer Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). LTIP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Non-Compete Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Notice Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). Permanent Disability shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(iv). Prior Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Rules shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. Separation from Service shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Separate Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(ii). Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Specified Employee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Subsequent Employer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. Target Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. Termination In Connection With A Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(i). Work Product shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. Date of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. EEOC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(c) of Annex A. Employment Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Releasees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) of Annex A. [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee have duly executed this Agreement in multiple originals to be effective as of the Effective Date. EMPLOYER ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: /s/ Mark M. Manno | Name: Mark M. Manno Title: Executive VP, General Counsel & Secretary EMPLOYEE /s/ C. Andrew Eidson | C. Andrew Eidson 

ANNEX A SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE THIS SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the Agreement) is made as of this _____ day of ___________, _____, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and C. Andrew Eidson (Executive). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of __________, 202__ between Executive and the Company (as amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement). WHEREAS, the Company advises Executive to consult with Executives own legal counsel before signing this Agreement; and WHEREAS, Executive formerly was employed by the Company as ____________ and by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AMS), as an employee of AMS; and WHEREAS, the Company employed Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement, which provides for certain payments and benefits in the event that Executives employment is terminated under certain circumstances; and WHEREAS, an express condition of Executives entitlement to the payments and benefits under the Employment Agreement is the execution of a general release in the form set forth below; and WHEREAS, Executives employment has been terminated effective _____________ ____, ____ (Date of Termination). NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED by and between Executive and the Company as follows: 1.(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Executive, for and in consideration of the commitments of the Company as set forth in paragraph 5 of this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, does hereby REMISE, RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Employer Entities (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and their affiliates, predecessors, subsidiaries and parents, and their present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents, and its and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators and the current and former trustees or administrators of any pension or other benefit plan applicable to the employees or former employees of the Company or any Employer Entity (collectively, Releasees) from all causes of action, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which Executive ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, whether known or unknown, or which Executives heirs, executors, or administrators may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from any time prior to the date of this Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing general terms, any 

claims arising from or relating in any way to Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and/or their subsidiaries or affiliates, the terms and conditions of that employment relationship, and the termination of that employment relationship, including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Equal Pay Act, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any other claims under any federal, state or local common law, statutory, or regulatory provision, now or hereafter recognized, and any claims for attorneys fees and costs; provided, that Executive does not release or discharge the Releasees from (i) any rights to any payments, benefits or reimbursements due to Executive under Sections 3.5 or 3.8 of the Employment Agreement; (ii) any rights of Executive to indemnification under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company; (iii) any rights to any accrued and vested benefits (including any vested equity-based awards) due to Executive under any employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained by the Company; or (iv) any rights under the Section 4999 Agreement. This Agreement is effective without regard to the legal nature of the claims raised and without regard to whether any such claims are based upon tort, equity, implied or express contract or discrimination of any sort. This release is intended to be a general release, and excludes only those claims expressly set forth herein or that Executive cannot release as a matter of law under any statute or common law. Executive is advised to seek independent legal counsel if Executive seeks clarification on the scope of this release. (b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of paragraph 10 and paragraph 12 below, Executive represents and affirms that Executive has not filed or caused to be filed on Executives behalf any charge, complaint or claim for relief against the Company or any Releasee that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement and, to the best of Executives knowledge and belief, no outstanding charges, complaints or claims for relief that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement have been filed or asserted against the Company or any Releasee on Executives behalf. In the event that there is outstanding any such charge, complaint or claim for relief, Executive agrees to seek its immediate withdrawal and dismissal with prejudice. In the event that for any reason said charge, complaint or claim for relief cannot be withdrawn, Executive shall not voluntarily testify, provide documents or otherwise participate in any investigation or litigation arising therefrom or associated therewith and shall execute such other papers or documents as the Companys counsel determines may be necessary to have said charge, complaint or claim for relief dismissed with prejudice. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from testifying in any cause of action when required to do so by process of law. Executive shall promptly inform the Company if called upon to testify. (c) Executive does not waive any right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, but explicitly waives any right to file a personal lawsuit or receive monetary damages that the EEOC might recover if said charge results in an EEOC lawsuit against the Company or any Releasee. 

2. Executive acknowledges his obligation to comply with the restrictions described in Article 4 and Article 5 of the Employment Agreement. 3. Executive further agrees and recognizes that Executive has permanently and irrevocably severed Executives employment relationship with the Company and any Employer Entity, that Executive shall not seek employment with the Company or any Employer Entity at any time in the future, and that neither the Company nor any Employer Entity has any obligation to employ him in the future. Effective as of the Date of Termination, Executive resigned from and is removed from all boards and committees of the Company, the Employer Entities and their subsidiaries and affiliates on which Executive may have previously served. 4. Executive further agrees that Executive will not publicly disparage or subvert the Company or any Releasee, or make any public statement reflecting negatively on the Company, any Employer Entity, their subsidiaries or affiliated corporations or entities, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to the operation or management of the Company or any Releasee, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. The Company agrees that Company will instruct its executive officers and directors to not publicly disparage or subvert Executive or make any public statement reflecting negatively on Executive, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to Executives performance, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. 5. In consideration for Executives promises, as set forth herein, the Company agrees to pay or provide to or for Executive the payments and benefits described in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. Except as set forth in this Agreement and subject to the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph 1, it is expressly agreed and understood that the Company and Releasees do not have, and will not have, any obligations to provide Executive at any time in the future with any payments, benefits or considerations other than those recited in this paragraph, or those required by law. 6. Executive understands and agrees that the payments, benefits and agreements provided in this Agreement are being provided to him in consideration for Executives acceptance and execution of, and in reliance upon Executives representations in, this Agreement. Executive agrees that absent execution without revocation of this Agreement containing a release of all claims against the Releasees, Executive is not entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. 7. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the Employment Agreement supersede any employment agreement or offer Executive has with the Company or any Releasee. To the extent Executive has entered into any other enforceable written agreement with the Company or any Releasee that contains provisions that are outside the scope of this Agreement and the Employment Agreement and are not in direct conflict with the provisions in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, the terms in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement shall not supersede, but shall be in addition to, any other such agreement. Except as set forth expressly herein, no promises or representations have been made to Executive in connection with the termination of Executives Employment Agreement, if any, or offer letter, if any, with the Company, or the terms of this Agreement. 

8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Executive from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Executive may do so without notifying the Company. Neither the Company nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Executive for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Executive to waive any monetary award or other payment that Executive might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Executive from notifying the Company that Executive is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Executive and the Company further acknowledge and agree that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 9. Executive represents that Executive does not, without the Companys prior written consent, presently have in Executives possession any records and business documents, whether on computer or hard copy, and other materials (including but not limited to computer disks and tapes, computer programs and software, office keys, correspondence, files, customer lists, technical information, customer information, pricing information, business strategies and plans, sales records and all copies thereof) (collectively, the Corporate Records) provided by the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates or obtained as a result of Executives prior employment with the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates, or created by Executive while employed by or rendering services to the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive acknowledges that all such Corporate Records are the property of the Company. In addition, Executive shall promptly return in good condition any and all Company owned equipment or property, including, but not limited to, automobiles, personal data assistants, facsimile machines, copy machines, pagers, credit cards, cellular telephone equipment, business cards, laptops, computers, and any other items requested by the Company. As of the Date of Termination, the Company will make arrangements to remove, terminate or transfer any and all business communication lines including network access, cellular phone, fax line and other business numbers. 10. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from: (i) making any disclosure of information required by law; (ii) providing information to, or testifying or 

otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Companys designated legal, compliance or human resources officers; or (iii) filing, testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud, or any rule or regulation of the SEC or any self-regulatory organization. 11. The parties agree and acknowledge that the agreement by the Company described herein, and the settlement and termination of any asserted or unasserted claims against the Releasees, are not and shall not be construed to be an admission of any violation of any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or of any duty owed by any of the Releasees to Executive. 12. Executive agrees and recognizes that should Executive breach any of the obligations or covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Company will have no further obligation to provide Executive with the consideration set forth herein, and will have the right to seek repayment of all consideration paid up to the time of any such breach. Further, Executive acknowledges in the event of a breach of this Agreement, Releasees may seek any and all appropriate relief for any such breach, including equitable relief and/or money damages, attorneys fees and costs. 13. Executive further agrees that the Company shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages, as well as to an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from any violations of this Agreement, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. The dispute resolution provisions set forth in Section 7.7 of the Employment Agreement apply to any dispute regarding the termination of Executives employment, and any dispute related to and/or arising under this Agreement, including without limitation any challenge Executive may make regarding the validity of this Agreement. 14. This Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 15. Jurisdiction and venue in any proceeding by the Company or Executive to enforce their rights hereunder is specifically limited to any court geographically located in Bristol, Tennessee. 16. Executive certifies and acknowledges as follows: (a) That Executive has read the terms of this Agreement, and that Executive understands its terms and effects, including the fact that Executive has agreed to RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Releasees from any legal action arising out of Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and the termination of that employment relationship; and (b) That Executive has signed this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly in exchange for the consideration described herein, which Executive acknowledges is adequate and satisfactory to him and which Executive acknowledges is in addition to any other benefits to which Executive is otherwise entitled; and (c) That Executive has been and is hereby advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement; and 

(d) That Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed; and (e) That the Company has provided Executive with a period of [twenty-one (21)] or [forty-five (45)] days within which to consider this Agreement, and that Executive has signed on the date indicated below after concluding that this Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release is satisfactory to Executive; and (f) Executive acknowledges that this Agreement may be revoked by him within seven (7) days after execution, and it shall not become effective until the expiration of such seven (7) day revocation period. In the event of a timely revocation by Executive, this Agreement will be deemed null and void and the Company will have no obligations hereunder. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Intending to be legally bound hereby, Executive and the Company executed the foregoing Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release this ______ day of ______________, _____. Witness: C. Andrew Eidson ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: Witness: Name: Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025, JASON E. WHITEHEAD
<TEXT>
exhibit102whiteheademplo

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (Agreement), dated and effective this 31st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Employer), and Jason E. Whitehead (Employee). Defined terms used herein are set forth in Section 7.14. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Employer has employed Employee as its President and Chief Operating Officer since January 1, 2023, and as an employee of Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC (AMS); and WHEREAS, Employee agrees to continue to be employed by Employer on and after the Effective Date pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, Employer and Employee agree as follows: ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES: 1.1 Employer agrees to, and agrees to cause AMS to, continue to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to continue to be employed hereunder, for a term (the Term) beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing through the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Term shall remain in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth herein, and shall be automatically extended for successive twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice to the other at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current Term of such partys election not to extend the Term. 1.2 Employee shall serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of Employer, shall be employed by AMS as an employee of AMS. Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of Employer (the CEO). Employee shall serve in the assigned positions or in such other executive capacities as may be agreed to, from time to time, between Employee and Employer, the CEO, the Employers Board of Directors (Board of Directors), and/or the Employer Entities (as defined below). Employee agrees to perform diligently and to the best of Employees abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to such positions as reasonably determined by Employer, the CEO, AMS and the Board of Directors, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the CEO, the Board of Directors, AMS and/or Employer. 1.3 Employee shall at all times comply in all material respects with, and be subject to, such policies and procedures as Employer and/or the Employer Entities may establish from time to time, including, without limitation, Employers Code of Business Ethics and any policy relating to sexual harassment (each, an Employer Policy). Employee agrees (i) to abide by any compensation recovery, recoupment, anti-hedging, anti-pledging, stock ownership, or other policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; (ii) that any such cash-or equity-based incentive compensation granted will be subject to any compensation recovery or recoupment 

policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) to adhere to the intent of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), or other applicable law, as advised to the Board of Directors in a written opinion (including via e-mail correspondence) from Employers legal counsel; and (iii) that the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically and unilaterally amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance by Employee and this Agreement with such policies, the Dodd-Frank Act, Sarbanes-Oxley, and any other applicable law. 1.4 Except as expressly approved by the CEO and the Board of Directors, Employee shall, during the period of Employees employment hereunder, devote Employees full business time, energy, and best efforts to the business and affairs of Employer, AMS and the Employer Entities. Employee may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business, investment, or activity that interferes with Employees performance of Employees duties hereunder, is contrary to the interest of Employer, AMS or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (each such subsidiary or affiliate, together with AMS, an Employer Entity, or collectively, the Employer Entities) or requires any significant portion of Employees business time. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Employee may engage in passive personal investments which do not conflict with the business and affairs of Employer or any of the Employer Entities or interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder. Employee may not serve on the board of directors of any entity (other than an Employer Entity, related industry trade association, public institution, government appointed public or quasi-public body, or not-for-profit charitable organization so long as such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder) during the Term without prior approval by the CEO and the Board of Directors. 1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of Employer and the Employer Entities and to do no act which, directly or indirectly, injures or would reasonably be expected to injure any such entitys business, interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial activities, which interest would adversely affect Employer, or any Employer Entity, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with Employees fiduciary duties to Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee agrees that Employee shall not knowingly become involved in a conflict of interest with Employer or any Employer Entity, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. 1.6 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude the transfer by Employer or AMS of Employees employment to another Employer Entity (Subsequent Employer) as of, or at any time after, the Effective Date and no such transfer shall be deemed to be a termination of employment for purposes of Article 3 hereof; provided, however, that, effective with such transfer, all obligations of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assumed by and be binding upon, and all rights of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assigned to, such Subsequent Employer and the defined terms Employer and AMS as used herein and any other terms referring and/or relating to Employer or AMS shall thereafter be deemed amended to mean and refer to such Subsequent Employer. Except as otherwise provided above, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, 

Employees rights, compensation, benefits and obligations, shall remain in all material respects and taken as a whole, no less favorable to Employee following such transfer of employment. ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 2.1 Employees base salary during the Term shall be $750,000.00 per annum (Base Salary) which shall be paid in accordance with Employers standard payroll practice. Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and may be increased, in the Compensation Committees sole discretion, from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1st of each calendar year during the Term, Employees Base Salary shall automatically be increased by five percent (5%). Such increased base salary shall become the minimum Base Salary under this Agreement and may not be decreased thereafter without the written consent of Employee unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 2.2 Commencing with the 2025 calendar year and for each calendar year thereafter during the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual cash performance bonus (an Annual Bonus), to the extent earned based on performance against performance criteria established for each calendar year by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the terms of Employers Annual Incentive Bonus Plan (as may be amended or superseded from time to time, the Bonus Plan). Employees Annual Bonus opportunity for a calendar year shall equal 110% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if target levels of performance for that year are achieved (the Target Bonus), and shall equal 220% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if maximum levels or above of performance for that year are achieved. Employees Annual Bonus for a calendar year shall be determined by the Compensation Committee after the end of the applicable calendar year and shall be paid to Employee when annual bonuses for that calendar year are paid to other senior executives of Employer generally, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates. Subject to the terms of the Bonus Plan, to the extent that performance levels for a given calendar year are achieved below any applicable threshold levels, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any Annual Bonus for such year, and to the extent that performance levels are achieved between performance levels, the amount of Employees Annual Bonus for such year shall be calculated on a pro rata basis by the Compensation Committee. 2.3 Employee will continue to participate in Employers 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended or restated from time to time, the LTIP) at a target of 235% of annual base salary, in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. 2.4 Employee will be entitled to the use of a company vehicle in accordance with Employers company vehicle usage policies. 2.5 Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation in each calendar year which may be used in accordance with Employers vacation policy as in effect from time to time. Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by Employer to its executive officers generally. 2.6 During the Term, Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all actual, reasonable and customary expenses incurred by Employee in the course of his employment; provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with Employers 

applicable policies and procedures. In addition, Employer shall reimburse Employee in an amount not to exceed $15,000, for reasonable, documented legal fees and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Employee in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 2.7 While employed hereunder, Employee shall be eligible to participate in, subject to, and on the same terms generally as other employees of Employer, all general employee benefit plans and programs which are made available by Employer to Employers similarly situated employees. 2.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that the Employer Entities shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, employee benefit or stock or stock option program or plan. 2.9 Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive or other compensation paid to Employee pursuant to this Agreement or any other plan, policy, program, or agreement or arrangement of or with Employer that is subject to clawback or other similar recovery under Employer Policy, applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as any of the same may be in effect from time to time, will be subject to such clawback or other recovery as may be required thereunder. 2.10 Any compensation, benefits, or other amounts payable under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding for all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any applicable law or governmental regulation or ruling. 2.11 All references to Employer in this Article 2 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 3: TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND EFFECTS OF SUCH TERMINATION 3.1 Employees employment hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the Term: (i) upon the death of Employee, (ii) upon Employees Permanent Disability (as defined below), (iii) at any time by Employer upon written notice to Employee, (iv) by Employee without Good Reason (as defined below) upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Employer (which notice period may be waived or shortened by Employer in its sole discretion without such action constituting Good Reason) or (v) by Employee for Good Reason upon written notice to Employer. Employee agrees and confirms that any termination of Employees employment pursuant to this Article 3 shall constitute, with no further action required, Employees resignation from any position that Employee holds as an employee, manager, agent or officer of, service provider to, or member of the board of directors of, Employer and any Employer Entity, each such resignation to be effective on the date of the termination of Employees employment hereunder. 

3.2 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of any of the following circumstances (i), (ii), or (iii), Employee shall be entitled to receive only the benefits set forth in Section 3.3 below: (i) Termination by Employer for Employer Cause. Termination of Employees employment for Employer Cause shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employer for any of the following: (a) Employees gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, (b) Employees conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, (x) a felony or (y) a crime involving moral turpitude, (c) Employee engaging in fraudulent or criminal activity, including misappropriation or embezzlement (whether or not prosecuted), (d) Employees material violation of any Employer Policy, (e) Employees breach of any provision of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, (f) Employees material breach of any other provision of this Agreement, provided that Employee has received written notice from Employer and been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), (g) any continuing or repeated failure or refusal by Employee to perform his material duties as requested by the Board of Directors after Employee has been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), or (h) conduct by Employee which brings Employer and/or the Employer Entities into public disgrace or disrepute in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not Employer Cause exists for termination of Employees employment will be made by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. (ii) Termination by Employee by Resignation Other Than for Good Reason. Employees resignation, other than for Good Reason (as defined below), shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employees resignation of employment with Employer and any Employer Entity, but not including any termination of employment by Employee for Good Reason as described in Section 3.4(i) or a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control (as defined below) by Employee described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Election Not to Renew Term by Employee. Employee elects not to renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Agreement. 3.3 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(i), 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall be entitled to the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to: (a) any Base Salary earned, accrued or owing to Employee through the effective date of termination of employment, (b) reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.6 for all reasonable and customary accrued but unpaid expenses incurred by Employee prior to the effective date of termination of employment and (c) accrued and vested amounts and benefits to which Employee may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of any Employer Entity in accordance with the terms thereof, if any (collectively, the Accrued Obligations). (ii) In the event that Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall also be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 

(iii) Except for the Accrued Obligations and any payments described in Section 3.3(ii), it is specifically understood that all future compensation to which Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible, shall cease and terminate as of the effective date of termination of employment. 3.4 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) below, and, in the case of (i) and (ii), other than a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control, as otherwise provided in Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.5 or Section 3.6, as applicable. In addition, Employees participation in the Key Employee Separation Plan (KESP) shall terminate effective as of the Effective Date, and all benefits for termination of Employees employment shall be solely governed by this Agreement. (i) Termination by Employee for Good Reason (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employee for Good Reason shall mean a termination of Employees employment by Employee with Employer and any Employer Entity as a result of the occurrence, without Employees written consent, of one of the following events: (a) a material reduction in Employees (1) annual Base Salary or (2) Target Bonus opportunity (unless such reduction in (1) and/or (2) relates to an across-the-board reduction similarly affecting Employee and all or substantially all other executives of Employer); (b) Employer makes or causes to be made a material adverse change in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities which results in a material diminution in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities, including, without limitation, Employee being required to report to any person other than the CEO, except in connection with a termination of Employees employment with any Employer Entity for Permanent Disability, Employer Cause, death, or temporarily as a result of Employees incapacity or other absence for an extended period; (c) a relocation of Employers principal place of business, or of Employees own office as assigned to Employee by any Employer Entity, to a location that increases Employees normal work commute by more than fifty (50) miles; or (d) an acquiror in a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7, below) fails to assume this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the following terms: (1) the acquirors assumption of this Agreement must be a closing condition to such Change in Control, (2) such assumption must be in writing and contractually effective immediately as of the closing of such Change in Control, and (3) such assumption must extend the Term to the three (3) year anniversary from the Closing of such Change in Control, subject to renewals thereafter in accordance with Section 1.1. In order for Employee to terminate for Good Reason, (a) the CEO must be notified by Employee in writing within ninety (90) days of the event constituting Good Reason becoming known to Employee, (b) the event must remain uncorrected by the applicable Employer Entity for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Notice Period), and (c) such termination must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, however, that the foregoing procedure set forth in this sentence shall not apply to, and not be required with respect to, any Good Reason set forth in Section 3.4(i)(d) (i.e., acquiror failing to assume this Agreement in a Change in Control pursuant to the requirements of Section 3.4(i)(d)). (ii) Employer Termination Without Employer Cause (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employer for any reason other than for Employer Cause, including, without limitation, termination by Employer or resignation by Employee as a result of Employers election not to 

renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1, but not including a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control by Employer described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Death. Termination due to the death of Employee. (iv) Termination due to Employees Permanent Disability. Termination of Employees employment for Permanent Disability shall mean a termination of Employees employment due to Employee having a physical or mental incapacity to perform his usual duties with such condition likely to remain continuously and permanently as determined by Employer. 3.5 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.6(i), Section 3.8, and Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated by Employee under Section 3.4(i) or by Employer under Section 3.4(ii), Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of: (a) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination of employment plus (b) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination of employment occurs plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, such compensation shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, be paid to Employee in equal installments in accordance with Employers customary payroll practices commencing with the first pay period following the effective date of termination of employment and ending on the 24- month anniversary of the effective date of such termination of employment, provided that Employers obligation to make any further payments of such amount shall cease on the date Employee violates any of the covenants set forth in Article 4 or Article 5 hereof; provided further that, notwithstanding installment payments to the contrary, Employer shall take all efforts to pay compensation provided in Section 3.5(i)(a), (b) and (c) in the form of a lump sum payment to the extent such would not cause an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A (e.g., amount subject to short-term deferral rule, amount within 2 times the Section 401(a)(17) limit, amount not exceeding the Section 402(g) limit, etc.). (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 3.4(i) or Section 3.4(ii), as the case may be, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employee's date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (v) To the extent permitted by applicable law and the insurance and benefits policies in which Employee is entitled to participate (collectively, Benefit Plans), Employer or AMS, as applicable, shall maintain Employees paid coverage for health and dental insurance (through the payment or reimbursement of Employees COBRA premiums) and life insurance benefits (through the reimbursement of Employees premiums upon conversion to individual policy) for the earliest to occur of: (a) Employee obtaining the age of 65, (b) the date Employee is eligible to participate in another employers group health plan (which Employee must provide prompt notice with respect thereto to Employer), or (c) the expiration of the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below). During the applicable period of coverage described in the foregoing sentence, Employee shall be entitled to benefits, on substantially the same basis as would have otherwise been provided had Employee not been terminated and neither Employer nor AMS, as applicable, will have any obligation to pay any benefits to, or premiums on behalf of, Employee after such period ends. The COBRA Continuation Period for medical and dental insurance under this Section 3.5(v) shall be deemed to run concurrent with the continuation period federally mandated by COBRA (generally eighteen (18) months). For purposes of this Agreement, (a) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and (b) COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the continuation period for medical and dental insurance to be provided under the terms of this Agreement which shall commence on the first day of the calendar month following the month in which the date of termination falls and shall continue for an eighteen (18) month period. Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement of life insurance premiums as provided in this Section 3.5(v) to the extent such expense is actually incurred for the applicable calendar year and reasonably substantiated. Any such reimbursement shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expense is incurred by Employee. The benefits under this Section 3.5(v) shall be referred to as the Continuation Benefits. 3.6 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.4(iii) or (iv), Employees estate, in the case of death, or Employee (or his legal guardian), in the case of Permanent Disability, shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. (ii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits (other than, in the case of Employees death, life insurance benefits). (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 3.7 Involuntary Termination In Connection with a Change in Control. In the event Employees employment is terminated at the request of an acquiror of Employer during the 90- day period immediately preceding a Change in Control, or on or within the one-year period immediately following a Change in Control (a Termination In Connection With A Change In Control) by: (i) Employee for Good Reason or (ii) Employer other than for Employer Cause, 

Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.8. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the date of this Agreement: (a) any merger, consolidation or business combination in which the stockholders of Employer immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or business combination do not own at least a majority of the outstanding equity interests of the surviving parent entity, (b) the sale of all or substantially all of Employers assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person entity that is not an Affiliate of Employer, (c) the acquisition of beneficial ownership or control of (including, without limitation, power to vote) a majority of the outstanding common stock of Employer by any person or entity (including a group as defined by or under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than (1) any employee plan established by Employer or any subsidiary, (2) Employer or any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of Employer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Employer, or (d) a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who were directors of Employer before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated pursuant to Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of (a) two (2) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination, plus (b) two (2) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of the termination occurs; plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to Section 7.2, such compensation shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum payment within the seven-day period immediately following satisfaction of the timing requirements set forth in Section 3.9, below. (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employees date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(v) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits. 3.9 The severance benefits paid and provided to Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall be in consideration of Employees continuing obligations hereunder after such termination of employment, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. Further, as a condition to the receipt of any such severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations, Employer shall require Employee to first execute a release, in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A, releasing Employer and all other Employer Entities, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or character, including, but not limited to, all claims and causes of action arising out of Employees employment with Employer and any other Employer Entities or the termination of such employment. The release must be executed by Employee by no later than the 60th day following Employees termination of employment; provided that if the sixty (60) day period begins in one taxable year and ends in the following taxable year, such payments shall not commence until such following taxable year. If Employee fails or otherwise refuses to execute a release within the time specified herein, or revokes the release during the revocation period defined therein, Employee will not be entitled to any such severance benefits and Employer shall have no further obligations with respect to the payment of the severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations. The performance of Employers obligations under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 and the receipt of the severance benefit provided thereunder by Employee shall constitute full settlement of all such claims and causes of action. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant to which a severance benefit payment or benefit under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 is owing and the amounts and benefits due Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall not be reduced or suspended, except as otherwise provided, if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual, provided, however that in the event Employee breaches any of Employees obligations under Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, then, in addition to Employers right to specific performance pursuant to Section 5.5 or any other rights that Employer or each Employer Entity may have under this Agreement or otherwise, Employer and each Employer Entity shall have the right to terminate payment of any amounts or benefits to which Employee would otherwise be entitled pursuant to this Article 3. Employees rights under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 are Employees sole and exclusive rights against Employer, or any Employer Entity, and Employers sole and exclusive liability to Employee under this Agreement, whether such claim is based in contract, tort or otherwise, for the termination of his employment relationship hereunder. Employee agrees that all disputes relating to Employees employment or termination of employment shall be resolved through the dispute resolution provisions provided in Section 7.7 hereof; provided, however, that decisions as to whether there is Employer Cause for termination of the employment relationship with Employee and whether and as of what date Employee has become Permanently Disabled shall be limited to whether such decision was reached in good faith. Nothing contained in this Article 3 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by Employer or AMS, except that Employee shall not be entitled to any severance benefits pursuant to any severance plan or program of Employer and/or the Employer Entities except as outlined in this Agreement. 

3.10 For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be a participant in Employers KESP, and Employee shall not be entitled to any severance or similar benefits in connection with a termination of his employment except as set forth in this Agreement. 3.11 Termination of the employment relationship does not terminate those obligations imposed by this Agreement, which are continuing obligations, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. 3.12 The payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of employment does not constitute an offer or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an employee of Employer or any Employer Entity after the effective date of termination of employment. Except where any Employer Entity is lawfully required to withhold any federal, state, or local taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, or local taxes that arise out of any payments to Employee hereunder. 3.13 During any period during which any monies are being paid to Employee under this Agreement after the effective date of termination of employment, Employee shall provide to Employer and any Employer Entity reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning the business of Employer and any Employer Entity, transition of responsibility, or litigation. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all out-of-pocket expenses of Employee reasonably incurred in connection with such assistance in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policy. Any such assistance after the effective date of termination of employment shall be scheduled so as not to unreasonably interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any subsequent employer. 3.14 All references to Employer in this Article 3 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 4: OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: 4.1 All information, ideas, concepts, innovations, developments, methods, processes, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, discoveries and inventions and all improvements to any of the foregoing, whether or not patentable or reduced to practice, which are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Employee in whole or in part, individually or in conjunction with others, during Employees employment by Employer or any of the Employer Entities, both before and after the date hereof (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on Employers premises or otherwise) which relate to the business, products or services of Employer or the Employer Entities (including, without limitation, all such information relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names, marks, and any copyrightable work, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights (whether or not composing confidential information, and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such items) (collectively, Work Product), shall be the sole and exclusive property of 

Employer or any Employer Entity, as the case may be, and shall be treated as work made for hire to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the U.S. Copyright Act. If, for any reason, any Work Product shall not legally be a work made for hire and/or ownership of any Work Product does not automatically accrue to Employer or another Employer Entity, as applicable, then Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign any and all of Employees right, title and interest thereto, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, to Employer, and Employer shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner determined by Employer without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. To the extent Employee has any right, title or interest in any Work Product that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably exclusively licenses such Work Product to Employer. Without limiting the foregoing, it is recognized that Employee is an experienced executive in the business of Employer and the Employer Entities, and through several decades of work in such business prior to his employment by Employer has acquired and retains knowledge, contacts, and information which are not covered by this Article 4. 4.2 Employee shall promptly and fully disclose all Work Product to Employer and shall cooperate and perform all actions reasonably requested by Employer (whether during or after the Term) to establish, confirm and protect Employers and/or the Employer Entities right, title and interest in such Work Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee agrees to assist Employer, at Employers expense, to secure Employers and the Employer Entities rights in the Work Product in any and all countries, including the execution by Employee of all applications and all other instruments and documents which Employer and/or the Employer Entities shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain rights in such Work Product. If Employer is unable because of Employees mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason (including Employees refusal to do so after request therefor is made by Employer) to secure Employees signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any registrations covering Work Product belonging to Employer and/or the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 4.1 above, then Employee by this Agreement irrevocably designates and appoints Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in Employees behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. Employees obligations to assist Employer and/or the Employer Entities with respect to Work Product as set forth herein shall continue beyond the termination of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entities. Employee agrees not to apply for or pursue any application for any registrations covering any Work Product other than pursuant to this Section 4.2. 4.3 Employee acknowledges that the businesses of Employer and the Employer Entities are highly competitive and that their strategies, methods, books, records, and documents, their technical information concerning their products, equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning their former, present or prospective customers and business affiliates, all comprise confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special, and unique assets which Employer and/or the Employer Entities use in their business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. Employee further acknowledges that protection of such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized 

disclosure and use is of critical importance to Employer and the Employer Entities in maintaining their competitive position. Employee acknowledges that by reason of Employees duties to, and association with, Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee has had and will have access to, and has and will become informed of, confidential business information which is a competitive asset of Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee hereby agrees that Employee will not, at any time during or after his employment by any Employer Entity, make any unauthorized disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his employment responsibilities hereunder. Employee shall take all necessary and appropriate steps to safeguard confidential business information and protect it against disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, loss and theft. Confidential business information shall not include information in the public domain (but only if the same becomes part of the public domain through a means other than a disclosure prohibited hereunder). The above notwithstanding, a disclosure shall not be unauthorized if (i) it is required by law or by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) it is in connection with any judicial, arbitration, dispute resolution or other legal proceeding in which Employees legal rights and obligations as an employee or under this Agreement are at issue; provided, however, that Employee shall, to the extent practicable and lawful in any such events, give prior notice to Employer of his intent to disclose any such confidential business information in such context so as to allow Employer or an Employer Entity an opportunity (which Employee will not oppose) to obtain such protective orders or similar relief with respect thereto as may be deemed appropriate. 4.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Employee from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Employee may do so without notifying Employer. Neither Employer nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Employee to waive any monetary award or other payment that Employee might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Employee from notifying Employer that Employee is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee and Employer acknowledge and agree that Employee shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Employee and Employer further acknowledge and agree that if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by Employer or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

4.5 All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or coming into the possession of, Employee during the period of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entity which contain or disclose confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or which relate to Employees Work Product described in Section 4.1 above, shall be and remain the property of Employer, or the Employer Entities, as the case may be. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason or upon the request of Employer, Employee shall promptly deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to Employer. ARTICLE 5: COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE: 5.1 In consideration of the compensation to be paid to Employee under this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment, he has and will become familiar with Employers and the Employer Entities trade secrets, business plans and business strategies and with other confidential business information concerning Employer and the Employer Entities and that Employees services have been and shall be of special, unique and extraordinary value to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee also acknowledges that in the course of his employment he had and will have access to Employers and the Employer Entities relationships and goodwill with their customers, distributors, suppliers and employees. In light of Employees value to, and knowledge of, Employer, the Employer Entities, and the Business (as defined below) and Employees compensation pursuant to this Agreement, Employee agrees that, during the Term and for a period of two (2) years following a termination of Employees employment for any reason (the Non-Compete Period), he will not, in association with or as an officer, principal, manager, member, advisor, agent, partner, director, material stockholder, employee or consultant of any corporation (or sub-unit, in the case of a diversified business) or other enterprise, entity or association, work on the acquisition or development of, or engage in any line of business, property or project which is, directly or indirectly, competitive with any business that Employer or any Employer Entity engages in during the Term, including but not limited to, the mining, processing, transportation, distribution, trading and sale of synfuel, coal and coal byproducts (collectively, the Business). Such restriction shall cover Employees activities anywhere in the states in the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term. 5.2 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not (i) solicit or induce (or attempt to induce) any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during such term or period or the six-month period prior to such solicitation or inducement to (A) interfere with the activities or businesses of Employer or any Employer Entity or (B) discontinue his or her employment with Employer or any of the Employer Entities, or (ii) hire directly or through another entity any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during the six-month period prior to the date such person is to be so hired. 5.3 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors or suppliers of Employer or any of 

the Employer Entities to divert their business to any competitor of Employer or any Employer Entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, distributor or supplier and Employer and/or any Employer Entity (including, without limitation, making any negative statements or communications about Employer or any Employer Entity). During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, acquire or attempt to acquire any business in any state in the United States or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term, if during the Term, Employer or any Employer Entity has made an acquisition proposal relating to the possible acquisition of such business (such business, an Acquisition Target), or take any action to induce or attempt to induce any Acquisition Target to consummate any acquisition, investment or other similar transaction with any person or entity other than Employer or any Employer Entity. 5.4 Employee understands that the provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof may limit his ability to earn a livelihood in a business in which he is involved, but as a member of the management group of Employer and the Employer Entities he nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of Employer and any of the Employer Entities; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided hereunder, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits provided under Article 3 hereof, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employees education, skills and abilities, Employee agrees that he will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 otherwise are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 5.5 If, at the time of enforcement of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. Employee acknowledges that he is a member of Employers and the Employer Entities management group with access to Employers and the Employer Entities confidential business information and his services are unique to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee therefore agrees that the remedy at law for any breach by him of any of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article 4 and Article 5 will be inadequate and that in the event of any such breach, Employer and the Employer Entities may, in addition to the other remedies which may be available to them at law, apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain specific performance and/or injunctive relief prohibiting Employee (together with all those persons associated with him) from the breach of such covenants and agreements and to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in the event of a breach or violation by Employee of this Article 5, the Non-Compete Period set forth in this Article 5 shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. 5.6 Each of the covenants of this Article 5 are given by Employee as part of the consideration for this Agreement and as an inducement to Employer to enter into this Agreement and accept the obligations hereunder. 

5.7 If Employee materially breaches any obligation under Article 4 or Article 5 hereof, Employer shall provide written notice of such breach to Employee and (i) Employee shall pay to Employer, in cash, an amount equal to any and all payments paid to or on behalf of Employee under Article 3 of this Agreement and (ii) any equity or equity-based awards that are unvested as of the date of such breach or were entitled to accelerated vesting under Section 3.5(ii) or 3.8(ii) shall be immediately forfeited in their entirety. Employee agrees that failure to make such timely payment to Employer constitutes an independent and material breach of this Agreement by Employee, for which Employer may seek recovery of the unpaid amount as liquidated damages, in addition to all other rights and remedies Employer may have resulting from Employees breach of the obligations set forth in Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof. Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is reasonable and necessary because the damages that will result from a breach of Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof cannot readily be ascertained. Further, Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is not a penalty, and it does not preclude Employer from seeking all other remedies that may be available to Employer, including, without limitation, those set forth in this Article 5. ARTICLE 6: CODE SECTION 280G: 6.1 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which Employee has the right to receive from Employer or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by Employee from Employer and/or such person(s) will be $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose solely by Employer with input from Employee (the 280G Firm), including the valuation of any non-compete for purposes of determining services to be rendered in the future. In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm will retain the services of an independent valuation expert. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from Employer (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees 

base amount, then Employee shall immediately repay such excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require Employer to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, Employees excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. ARTICLE 7: MISCELLANEOUS: 7.1 For purposes of this Agreement, the terms affiliate or affiliates mean means any entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, Employer. 7.2 Section 409A. (i) The provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). (ii) For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder, including each severance installment payment, shall be treated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A. Employee shall have no right to designate the date of any payment hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of amounts upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, (x) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee in any other calendar year, (y) the reimbursements for expenses for which Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred and (z) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. (iii) With respect to payments subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom), if any, it is intended that each payment is paid on permissible distribution event and at a specified time consistent with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment hereunder is subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom) and payable on account of a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be delayed for a period of six months after the date of such separation from service (or, if earlier, the death of Employee) if Employee is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A and determined in accordance with the procedures established by Employer). Any payment that would otherwise have been due or owing during such six-month period will be paid immediately following the end of the six-month 

period in the month following the month containing the 6-month anniversary of the date of separation from service. (iv) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges and agrees that neither Employer nor any of the Employer Entities shall be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this Agreement will be construed to obligate or cause Employer or any of the Employer Entities to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with respect to any violation of Section 409A. 7.3 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by or tendered to Employee or Employer, as applicable, by pre-paid courier or by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: If to Employer: Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. 340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. PO Box 848 Bristol, TN 37620 Attn: General Counsel If to Employee: To his last known personal residence 7.4 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced, in all respects, in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. 7.5 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 7.6 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the term, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision, covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any extent, be construed to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision, covenant, or remedy shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its enforceability under applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those to which they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect. 7.7 It is the mutual intention of the parties to have any dispute concerning this Agreement resolved out of court. Accordingly, the parties agree that any such dispute shall, as the sole and exclusive remedy, be submitted for resolution, then pursuant to binding arbitration to be held in Bristol, Tennessee, in accordance with the employment arbitration rules (except as modified below) of the American Arbitration Association and with the Expedited Procedures 

thereof (collectively, the Rules); provided, however, that Employer, on its own behalf and on behalf of any of the Employer Entities, and the Employers Entities shall be entitled to seek a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any breach or the continuation of any breach of the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 and Employee hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of Employer or any Employer Entity posting any bond. Each of the parties hereto agrees that such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Rules; provided that such arbitrator shall be experienced in deciding cases concerning the matter which is the subject of the dispute. Each of the parties agrees that in any such arbitration that pre-arbitration discovery shall be limited to the greatest extent provided by the Rules, that the award shall be made in writing no more than 30 days following the end of the proceeding, that the arbitration shall not be conducted as a class action, that the arbitration award shall not include factual findings or conclusions of law. Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered on it in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto agrees to treat as confidential the results of any arbitration (including, without limitation, any findings of fact and/or law made by the arbitrator) and not to disclose such results to any unauthorized person. 7.8 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Employer, the Employer Entities, their respective successors in interest, and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of Employer and the Employer Entities by any means, whether indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Employer, other than in the case of Employees death. 7.9 This Agreement replaces and merges any previous agreements and discussions pertaining to the subject matter covered herein and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties (or any Employer Entity) with regard to the matters set forth herein. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement, oral or written, has been made by either party with respect to the matters set forth herein which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement, statement, or promise relating to the employment of Employee by Employer or any Employer Entity that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. This Agreement may not be amended orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, Employer may, solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, modify the terms of this Agreement if it is determined that such terms would subject any payments or benefits hereunder to the additional tax and/or interest assessed under Section 409A of the Code. 7.10 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties respective rights and obligations under Articles 3, 4, 5, 6, and this Article 7 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Employees employment for any reason whatsoever. 

7.11 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 7.12 Employee hereby represents to Employer that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and Employer and the performance by Employee of Employee duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or otherwise bound. 7.13 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to be in an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 7.14 For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(i). Acquisition Target shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. Annual Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Benefit Plans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.2. Bonus Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Business shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. AMS shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7. COBRA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). COBRA Contribution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Compensation Committee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Continuation Benefits shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Employer shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 

Employer Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(i). Employer Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. Employer Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). LTIP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Non-Compete Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Notice Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). Permanent Disability shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(iv). Prior Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Rules shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. Separation from Service shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Separate Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(ii). Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Specified Employee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Subsequent Employer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. Target Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. Termination In Connection With A Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(i). Work Product shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. Date of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. EEOC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(c) of Annex A. Employment Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Releasees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) of Annex A. [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee have duly executed this Agreement in multiple originals to be effective as of the Effective Date. EMPLOYER ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: /s/ Mark M. Manno || Name: Mark M. Manno Title: Executive VP, General Counsel & Secretary EMPLOYEE /s/ Jason E. Whitehead | Jason E. Whitehead 

ANNEX A SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE THIS SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the Agreement) is made as of this _____ day of ___________, _____, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Jason E. Whitehead (Executive). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in that certain Employment Agreement dated as of __________, 202__ between Executive and the Company (as amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement). WHEREAS, the Company advises Executive to consult with Executives own legal counsel before signing this Agreement; and WHEREAS, Executive formerly was employed by the Company as ____________ and by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AMS), as an employee of AMS; and WHEREAS, the Company employed Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement, which provides for certain payments and benefits in the event that Executives employment is terminated under certain circumstances; and WHEREAS, an express condition of Executives entitlement to the payments and benefits under the Employment Agreement is the execution of a general release in the form set forth below; and WHEREAS, Executives employment has been terminated effective _____________ ____, ____ (Date of Termination). NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED by and between Executive and the Company as follows: 1.(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Executive, for and in consideration of the commitments of the Company as set forth in paragraph 5 of this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, does hereby REMISE, RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Employer Entities (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and their affiliates, predecessors, subsidiaries and parents, and their present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents, and its and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators and the current and former trustees or administrators of any pension or other benefit plan applicable to the employees or former employees of the Company or any Employer Entity (collectively, Releasees) from all causes of action, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which Executive ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, whether known or unknown, or which Executives heirs, executors, or administrators may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from any time prior to the date of this Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing general terms, any 

claims arising from or relating in any way to Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and/or their subsidiaries or affiliates, the terms and conditions of that employment relationship, and the termination of that employment relationship, including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Equal Pay Act, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any other claims under any federal, state or local common law, statutory, or regulatory provision, now or hereafter recognized, and any claims for attorneys fees and costs; provided, that Executive does not release or discharge the Releasees from (i) any rights to any payments, benefits or reimbursements due to Executive under Sections 3.5 or 3.8 of the Employment Agreement; (ii) any rights of Executive to indemnification under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company; (iii) any rights to any accrued and vested benefits (including any vested equity-based awards) due to Executive under any employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained by the Company; or (iv) any rights under the Section 4999 Agreement. This Agreement is effective without regard to the legal nature of the claims raised and without regard to whether any such claims are based upon tort, equity, implied or express contract or discrimination of any sort. This release is intended to be a general release, and excludes only those claims expressly set forth herein or that Executive cannot release as a matter of law under any statute or common law. Executive is advised to seek independent legal counsel if Executive seeks clarification on the scope of this release. (b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of paragraph 10 and paragraph 12 below, Executive represents and affirms that Executive has not filed or caused to be filed on Executives behalf any charge, complaint or claim for relief against the Company or any Releasee that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement and, to the best of Executives knowledge and belief, no outstanding charges, complaints or claims for relief that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement have been filed or asserted against the Company or any Releasee on Executives behalf. In the event that there is outstanding any such charge, complaint or claim for relief, Executive agrees to seek its immediate withdrawal and dismissal with prejudice. In the event that for any reason said charge, complaint or claim for relief cannot be withdrawn, Executive shall not voluntarily testify, provide documents or otherwise participate in any investigation or litigation arising therefrom or associated therewith and shall execute such other papers or documents as the Companys counsel determines may be necessary to have said charge, complaint or claim for relief dismissed with prejudice. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from testifying in any cause of action when required to do so by process of law. Executive shall promptly inform the Company if called upon to testify. (c) Executive does not waive any right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, but explicitly waives any right to file a personal lawsuit or receive monetary damages that the EEOC might recover if said charge results in an EEOC lawsuit against the Company or any Releasee. 

2. Executive acknowledges his obligation to comply with the restrictions described in Article 4 and Article 5 of the Employment Agreement. 3. Executive further agrees and recognizes that Executive has permanently and irrevocably severed Executives employment relationship with the Company and any Employer Entity, that Executive shall not seek employment with the Company or any Employer Entity at any time in the future, and that neither the Company nor any Employer Entity has any obligation to employ him in the future. Effective as of the Date of Termination, Executive resigned from and is removed from all boards and committees of the Company, the Employer Entities and their subsidiaries and affiliates on which Executive may have previously served. 4. Executive further agrees that Executive will not publicly disparage or subvert the Company or any Releasee, or make any public statement reflecting negatively on the Company, any Employer Entity, their subsidiaries or affiliated corporations or entities, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to the operation or management of the Company or any Releasee, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. The Company agrees that Company will instruct its executive officers and directors to not publicly disparage or subvert Executive or make any public statement reflecting negatively on Executive, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to Executives performance, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. 5. In consideration for Executives promises, as set forth herein, the Company agrees to pay or provide to or for Executive the payments and benefits described in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. Except as set forth in this Agreement and subject to the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph 1, it is expressly agreed and understood that the Company and Releasees do not have, and will not have, any obligations to provide Executive at any time in the future with any payments, benefits or considerations other than those recited in this paragraph, or those required by law. 6. Executive understands and agrees that the payments, benefits and agreements provided in this Agreement are being provided to him in consideration for Executives acceptance and execution of, and in reliance upon Executives representations in, this Agreement. Executive agrees that absent execution without revocation of this Agreement containing a release of all claims against the Releasees, Executive is not entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. 7. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the Employment Agreement supersede any employment agreement or offer Executive has with the Company or any Releasee. To the extent Executive has entered into any other enforceable written agreement with the Company or any Releasee that contains provisions that are outside the scope of this Agreement and the Employment Agreement and are not in direct conflict with the provisions in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, the terms in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement shall not supersede, but shall be in addition to, any other such agreement. Except as set forth expressly herein, no promises or representations have been made to Executive in connection with the termination of Executives Employment Agreement, if any, or offer letter, if any, with the Company, or the terms of this Agreement. 

8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Executive from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Executive may do so without notifying the Company. Neither the Company nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Executive for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Executive to waive any monetary award or other payment that Executive might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Executive from notifying the Company that Executive is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Executive and the Company further acknowledge and agree that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 9. Executive represents that Executive does not, without the Companys prior written consent, presently have in Executives possession any records and business documents, whether on computer or hard copy, and other materials (including but not limited to computer disks and tapes, computer programs and software, office keys, correspondence, files, customer lists, technical information, customer information, pricing information, business strategies and plans, sales records and all copies thereof) (collectively, the Corporate Records) provided by the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates or obtained as a result of Executives prior employment with the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates, or created by Executive while employed by or rendering services to the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive acknowledges that all such Corporate Records are the property of the Company. In addition, Executive shall promptly return in good condition any and all Company owned equipment or property, including, but not limited to, automobiles, personal data assistants, facsimile machines, copy machines, pagers, credit cards, cellular telephone equipment, business cards, laptops, computers, and any other items requested by the Company. As of the Date of Termination, the Company will make arrangements to remove, terminate or transfer any and all business communication lines including network access, cellular phone, fax line and other business numbers. 10. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from: (i) making any disclosure of information required by law; (ii) providing information to, or testifying or 

otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Companys designated legal, compliance or human resources officers; or (iii) filing, testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud, or any rule or regulation of the SEC or any self-regulatory organization. 11. The parties agree and acknowledge that the agreement by the Company described herein, and the settlement and termination of any asserted or unasserted claims against the Releasees, are not and shall not be construed to be an admission of any violation of any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or of any duty owed by any of the Releasees to Executive. 12. Executive agrees and recognizes that should Executive breach any of the obligations or covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Company will have no further obligation to provide Executive with the consideration set forth herein, and will have the right to seek repayment of all consideration paid up to the time of any such breach. Further, Executive acknowledges in the event of a breach of this Agreement, Releasees may seek any and all appropriate relief for any such breach, including equitable relief and/or money damages, attorneys fees and costs. 13. Executive further agrees that the Company shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages, as well as to an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from any violations of this Agreement, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. The dispute resolution provisions set forth in Section 7.7 of the Employment Agreement apply to any dispute regarding the termination of Executives employment, and any dispute related to and/or arising under this Agreement, including without limitation any challenge Executive may make regarding the validity of this Agreement. 14. This Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 15. Jurisdiction and venue in any proceeding by the Company or Executive to enforce their rights hereunder is specifically limited to any court geographically located in Bristol, Tennessee. 16. Executive certifies and acknowledges as follows: (a) That Executive has read the terms of this Agreement, and that Executive understands its terms and effects, including the fact that Executive has agreed to RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Releasees from any legal action arising out of Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and the termination of that employment relationship; and (b) That Executive has signed this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly in exchange for the consideration described herein, which Executive acknowledges is adequate and satisfactory to him and which Executive acknowledges is in addition to any other benefits to which Executive is otherwise entitled; and (c) That Executive has been and is hereby advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement; and 

(d) That Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed; and (e) That the Company has provided Executive with a period of [twenty-one (21)] or [forty-five (45)] days within which to consider this Agreement, and that Executive has signed on the date indicated below after concluding that this Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release is satisfactory to Executive; and (f) Executive acknowledges that this Agreement may be revoked by him within seven (7) days after execution, and it shall not become effective until the expiration of such seven (7) day revocation period. In the event of a timely revocation by Executive, this Agreement will be deemed null and void and the Company will have no obligations hereunder. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Intending to be legally bound hereby, Executive and the Company executed the foregoing Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release this ______ day of ______________, _____. Witness: Jason E. Whitehead ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: Witness: Name: Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025, J. TODD MUNSEY
<TEXT>
exhibit103munseyemployme

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (Agreement), dated and effective this 31st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Employer), and Joshua T. Munsey (Employee). Defined terms used herein are set forth in Section 7.14. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Employer has employed Employee as its EVP and Chief Financial Officer since August 9, 2022, and as an employee of Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC (AMS); and WHEREAS, Employee agrees to continue to be employed by Employer on and after the Effective Date pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, Employer and Employee agree as follows: ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES: 1.1 Employer agrees to, and agrees to cause AMS to, continue to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to continue to be employed hereunder, for a term (the Term) beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing through the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Term shall remain in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth herein, and shall be automatically extended for successive twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice to the other at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current Term of such partys election not to extend the Term. 1.2 Employee shall serve as EVP and Chief Financial Officer of Employer, shall be employed by AMS as an employee of AMS. Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of Employer (the CEO). Employee shall serve in the assigned positions or in such other executive capacities as may be agreed to, from time to time, between Employee and Employer, the CEO, the Employers Board of Directors (Board of Directors), and/or the Employer Entities (as defined below). Employee agrees to perform diligently and to the best of Employees abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to such positions as reasonably determined by Employer, the CEO, AMS and the Board of Directors, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the CEO, the Board of Directors, AMS and/or Employer. 1.3 Employee shall at all times comply in all material respects with, and be subject to, such policies and procedures as Employer and/or the Employer Entities may establish from time to time, including, without limitation, Employers Code of Business Ethics and any policy relating to sexual harassment (each, an Employer Policy). Employee agrees (i) to abide by any compensation recovery, recoupment, anti-hedging, anti-pledging, stock ownership, or other policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; (ii) that any such cash-or equity-based incentive compensation granted will be subject to any compensation recovery or recoupment policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of 

Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) to adhere to the intent of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), or other applicable law, as advised to the Board of Directors in a written opinion (including via e-mail correspondence) from Employers legal counsel; and (iii) that the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically and unilaterally amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance by Employee and this Agreement with such policies, the Dodd-Frank Act, Sarbanes-Oxley, and any other applicable law. 1.4 Except as expressly approved by the CEO and the Board of Directors, Employee shall, during the period of Employees employment hereunder, devote Employees full business time, energy, and best efforts to the business and affairs of Employer, AMS and the Employer Entities. Employee may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business, investment, or activity that interferes with Employees performance of Employees duties hereunder, is contrary to the interest of Employer, AMS or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (each such subsidiary or affiliate, together with AMS, an Employer Entity, or collectively, the Employer Entities) or requires any significant portion of Employees business time. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Employee may engage in passive personal investments which do not conflict with the business and affairs of Employer or any of the Employer Entities or interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder. Employee may not serve on the board of directors of any entity (other than an Employer Entity, related industry trade association, public institution, government appointed public or quasi-public body, or not-for-profit charitable organization so long as such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder) during the Term without prior approval by the CEO and the Board of Directors. 1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of Employer and the Employer Entities and to do no act which, directly or indirectly, injures or would reasonably be expected to injure any such entitys business, interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial activities, which interest would adversely affect Employer, or any Employer Entity, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with Employees fiduciary duties to Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee agrees that Employee shall not knowingly become involved in a conflict of interest with Employer or any Employer Entity, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. 1.6 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude the transfer by Employer or AMS of Employees employment to another Employer Entity (Subsequent Employer) as of, or at any time after, the Effective Date and no such transfer shall be deemed to be a termination of employment for purposes of Article 3 hereof; provided, however, that, effective with such transfer, all obligations of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assumed by and be binding upon, and all rights of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assigned to, such Subsequent Employer and the defined terms Employer and AMS as used herein and any other terms referring and/or relating to Employer or AMS shall thereafter be deemed amended to mean and refer to such Subsequent Employer. Except as otherwise provided above, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, 

Employees rights, compensation, benefits and obligations, shall remain in all material respects and taken as a whole, no less favorable to Employee following such transfer of employment. ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 2.1 Employees base salary during the Term shall be $550,000.00 per annum (Base Salary) which shall be paid in accordance with Employers standard payroll practice. Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and may be increased, in the Compensation Committees sole discretion, from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1st of each calendar year during the Term, Employees Base Salary shall automatically be increased by five percent (5%). Such increased base salary shall become the minimum Base Salary under this Agreement and may not be decreased thereafter without the written consent of Employee unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 2.2 Commencing with the 2025 calendar year and for each calendar year thereafter during the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual cash performance bonus (an Annual Bonus), to the extent earned based on performance against performance criteria established for each calendar year by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the terms of Employers Annual Incentive Bonus Plan (as may be amended or superseded from time to time, the Bonus Plan). Employees Annual Bonus opportunity for a calendar year shall equal 100% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if target levels of performance for that year are achieved (the Target Bonus), and shall equal 200% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if maximum levels or above of performance for that year are achieved. Employees Annual Bonus for a calendar year shall be determined by the Compensation Committee after the end of the applicable calendar year and shall be paid to Employee when annual bonuses for that calendar year are paid to other senior executives of Employer generally, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates. Subject to the terms of the Bonus Plan, to the extent that performance levels for a given calendar year are achieved below any applicable threshold levels, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any Annual Bonus for such year, and to the extent that performance levels are achieved between performance levels, the amount of Employees Annual Bonus for such year shall be calculated on a pro rata basis by the Compensation Committee. 2.3 Employee will continue to participate in Employers 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended or restated from time to time, the LTIP) at a target of 200% of annual base salary, in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. 2.4 Employee will be entitled to the use of a company vehicle in accordance with Employers company vehicle usage policies. 2.5 Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation in each calendar year which may be used in accordance with Employers vacation policy as in effect from time to time. Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by Employer to its executive officers generally. 2.6 During the Term, Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all actual, reasonable and customary expenses incurred by Employee in the course of his employment; provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with Employers 

applicable policies and procedures. In addition, Employer shall reimburse Employee in an amount not to exceed $15,000, for reasonable, documented legal fees and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Employee in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 2.7 While employed hereunder, Employee shall be eligible to participate in, subject to, and on the same terms generally as other employees of Employer, all general employee benefit plans and programs which are made available by Employer to Employers similarly situated employees. 2.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that the Employer Entities shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, employee benefit or stock or stock option program or plan. 2.9 Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive or other compensation paid to Employee pursuant to this Agreement or any other plan, policy, program, or agreement or arrangement of or with Employer that is subject to clawback or other similar recovery under Employer Policy, applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as any of the same may be in effect from time to time, will be subject to such clawback or other recovery as may be required thereunder. 2.10 Any compensation, benefits, or other amounts payable under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding for all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any applicable law or governmental regulation or ruling. 2.11 All references to Employer in this Article 2 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 3: TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND EFFECTS OF SUCH TERMINATION 3.1 Employees employment hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the Term: (i) upon the death of Employee, (ii) upon Employees Permanent Disability (as defined below), (iii) at any time by Employer upon written notice to Employee, (iv) by Employee without Good Reason (as defined below) upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Employer (which notice period may be waived or shortened by Employer in its sole discretion without such action constituting Good Reason) or (v) by Employee for Good Reason upon written notice to Employer. Employee agrees and confirms that any termination of Employees employment pursuant to this Article 3 shall constitute, with no further action required, Employees resignation from any position that Employee holds as an employee, manager, agent or officer of, service provider to, or member of the board of directors of, Employer and any Employer Entity, each such resignation to be effective on the date of the termination of Employees employment hereunder. 

3.2 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of any of the following circumstances (i), (ii), or (iii), Employee shall be entitled to receive only the benefits set forth in Section 3.3 below: (i) Termination by Employer for Employer Cause. Termination of Employees employment for Employer Cause shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employer for any of the following: (a) Employees gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, (b) Employees conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, (x) a felony or (y) a crime involving moral turpitude, (c) Employee engaging in fraudulent or criminal activity, including misappropriation or embezzlement (whether or not prosecuted), (d) Employees material violation of any Employer Policy, (e) Employees breach of any provision of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, (f) Employees material breach of any other provision of this Agreement, provided that Employee has received written notice from Employer and been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), (g) any continuing or repeated failure or refusal by Employee to perform his material duties as requested by the Board of Directors after Employee has been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), or (h) conduct by Employee which brings Employer and/or the Employer Entities into public disgrace or disrepute in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not Employer Cause exists for termination of Employees employment will be made by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. (ii) Termination by Employee by Resignation Other Than for Good Reason. Employees resignation, other than for Good Reason (as defined below), shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employees resignation of employment with Employer and any Employer Entity, but not including any termination of employment by Employee for Good Reason as described in Section 3.4(i) or a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control (as defined below) by Employee described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Election Not to Renew Term by Employee. Employee elects not to renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Agreement. 3.3 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(i), 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall be entitled to the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to: (a) any Base Salary earned, accrued or owing to Employee through the effective date of termination of employment, (b) reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.6 for all reasonable and customary accrued but unpaid expenses incurred by Employee prior to the effective date of termination of employment and (c) accrued and vested amounts and benefits to which Employee may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of any Employer Entity in accordance with the terms thereof, if any (collectively, the Accrued Obligations). (ii) In the event that Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall also be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 

(iii) Except for the Accrued Obligations and any payments described in Section 3.3(ii), it is specifically understood that all future compensation to which Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible, shall cease and terminate as of the effective date of termination of employment. 3.4 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) below, and, in the case of (i) and (ii), other than a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control, as otherwise provided in Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.5 or Section 3.6, as applicable. In addition, Employees participation in the Key Employee Separation Plan (KESP) shall terminate effective as of the Effective Date, and all benefits for termination of Employees employment shall be solely governed by this Agreement. (i) Termination by Employee for Good Reason (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employee for Good Reason shall mean a termination of Employees employment by Employee with Employer and any Employer Entity as a result of the occurrence, without Employees written consent, of one of the following events: (a) a material reduction in Employees (1) annual Base Salary or (2) Target Bonus opportunity (unless such reduction in (1) and/or (2) relates to an across-the-board reduction similarly affecting Employee and all or substantially all other executives of Employer); (b) Employer makes or causes to be made a material adverse change in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities which results in a material diminution in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities, including, without limitation, Employee being required to report to any person other than the CEO, except in connection with a termination of Employees employment with any Employer Entity for Permanent Disability, Employer Cause, death, or temporarily as a result of Employees incapacity or other absence for an extended period; (c) a relocation of Employers principal place of business, or of Employees own office as assigned to Employee by any Employer Entity, to a location that increases Employees normal work commute by more than fifty (50) miles; or (d) an acquiror in a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7, below) fails to assume this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the following terms: (1) the acquirors assumption of this Agreement must be a closing condition to such Change in Control, (2) such assumption must be in writing and contractually effective immediately as of the closing of such Change in Control, and (3) such assumption must extend the Term to the three (3) year anniversary from the Closing of such Change in Control, subject to renewals thereafter in accordance with Section 1.1. In order for Employee to terminate for Good Reason, (a) the CEO must be notified by Employee in writing within ninety (90) days of the event constituting Good Reason becoming known to Employee, (b) the event must remain uncorrected by the applicable Employer Entity for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Notice Period), and (c) such termination must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, however, that the foregoing procedure set forth in this sentence shall not apply to, and not be required with respect to, any Good Reason set forth in Section 3.4(i)(d) (i.e., acquiror failing to assume this Agreement in a Change in Control pursuant to the requirements of Section 3.4(i)(d)). (ii) Employer Termination Without Employer Cause (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employer for any reason other than for Employer Cause, including, without limitation, termination by Employer or resignation by Employee as a result of Employers election not to 

renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1, but not including a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control by Employer described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Death. Termination due to the death of Employee. (iv) Termination due to Employees Permanent Disability. Termination of Employees employment for Permanent Disability shall mean a termination of Employees employment due to Employee having a physical or mental incapacity to perform his usual duties with such condition likely to remain continuously and permanently as determined by Employer. 3.5 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.6(i), Section 3.8, and Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated by Employee under Section 3.4(i) or by Employer under Section 3.4(ii), Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of: (a) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination of employment plus (b) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination of employment occurs plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, such compensation shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, be paid to Employee in equal installments in accordance with Employers customary payroll practices commencing with the first pay period following the effective date of termination of employment and ending on the 24- month anniversary of the effective date of such termination of employment, provided that Employers obligation to make any further payments of such amount shall cease on the date Employee violates any of the covenants set forth in Article 4 or Article 5 hereof; provided further that, notwithstanding installment payments to the contrary, Employer shall take all efforts to pay compensation provided in Section 3.5(i)(a), (b) and (c) in the form of a lump sum payment to the extent such would not cause an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A (e.g., amount subject to short-term deferral rule, amount within 2 times the Section 401(a)(17) limit, amount not exceeding the Section 402(g) limit, etc.). (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 3.4(i) or Section 3.4(ii), as the case may be, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employee's date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (v) To the extent permitted by applicable law and the insurance and benefits policies in which Employee is entitled to participate (collectively, Benefit Plans), Employer or AMS, as applicable, shall maintain Employees paid coverage for health and dental insurance (through the payment or reimbursement of Employees COBRA premiums) and life insurance benefits (through the reimbursement of Employees premiums upon conversion to individual policy) for the earliest to occur of: (a) Employee obtaining the age of 65, (b) the date Employee is eligible to participate in another employers group health plan (which Employee must provide prompt notice with respect thereto to Employer), or (c) the expiration of the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below). During the applicable period of coverage described in the foregoing sentence, Employee shall be entitled to benefits, on substantially the same basis as would have otherwise been provided had Employee not been terminated and neither Employer nor AMS, as applicable, will have any obligation to pay any benefits to, or premiums on behalf of, Employee after such period ends. The COBRA Continuation Period for medical and dental insurance under this Section 3.5(v) shall be deemed to run concurrent with the continuation period federally mandated by COBRA (generally eighteen (18) months). For purposes of this Agreement, (a) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and (b) COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the continuation period for medical and dental insurance to be provided under the terms of this Agreement which shall commence on the first day of the calendar month following the month in which the date of termination falls and shall continue for an eighteen (18) month period. Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement of life insurance premiums as provided in this Section 3.5(v) to the extent such expense is actually incurred for the applicable calendar year and reasonably substantiated. Any such reimbursement shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expense is incurred by Employee. The benefits under this Section 3.5(v) shall be referred to as the Continuation Benefits. 3.6 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.4(iii) or (iv), Employees estate, in the case of death, or Employee (or his legal guardian), in the case of Permanent Disability, shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. (ii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits (other than, in the case of Employees death, life insurance benefits). (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 3.7 Involuntary Termination In Connection with a Change in Control. In the event Employees employment is terminated at the request of an acquiror of Employer during the 90- day period immediately preceding a Change in Control, or on or within the one-year period immediately following a Change in Control (a Termination In Connection With A Change In Control) by: (i) Employee for Good Reason or (ii) Employer other than for Employer Cause, 

Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.8. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the date of this Agreement: (a) any merger, consolidation or business combination in which the stockholders of Employer immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or business combination do not own at least a majority of the outstanding equity interests of the surviving parent entity, (b) the sale of all or substantially all of Employers assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person entity that is not an Affiliate of Employer, (c) the acquisition of beneficial ownership or control of (including, without limitation, power to vote) a majority of the outstanding common stock of Employer by any person or entity (including a group as defined by or under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than (1) any employee plan established by Employer or any subsidiary, (2) Employer or any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of Employer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Employer, or (d) a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who were directors of Employer before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated pursuant to Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of (a) two (2) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination, plus (b) two (2) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of the termination occurs; plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to Section 7.2, such compensation shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum payment within the seven-day period immediately following satisfaction of the timing requirements set forth in Section 3.9, below. (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employees date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(v) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits. 3.9 The severance benefits paid and provided to Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall be in consideration of Employees continuing obligations hereunder after such termination of employment, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. Further, as a condition to the receipt of any such severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations, Employer shall require Employee to first execute a release, in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A, releasing Employer and all other Employer Entities, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or character, including, but not limited to, all claims and causes of action arising out of Employees employment with Employer and any other Employer Entities or the termination of such employment. The release must be executed by Employee by no later than the 60th day following Employees termination of employment; provided that if the sixty (60) day period begins in one taxable year and ends in the following taxable year, such payments shall not commence until such following taxable year. If Employee fails or otherwise refuses to execute a release within the time specified herein, or revokes the release during the revocation period defined therein, Employee will not be entitled to any such severance benefits and Employer shall have no further obligations with respect to the payment of the severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations. The performance of Employers obligations under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 and the receipt of the severance benefit provided thereunder by Employee shall constitute full settlement of all such claims and causes of action. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant to which a severance benefit payment or benefit under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 is owing and the amounts and benefits due Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall not be reduced or suspended, except as otherwise provided, if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual, provided, however that in the event Employee breaches any of Employees obligations under Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, then, in addition to Employers right to specific performance pursuant to Section 5.5 or any other rights that Employer or each Employer Entity may have under this Agreement or otherwise, Employer and each Employer Entity shall have the right to terminate payment of any amounts or benefits to which Employee would otherwise be entitled pursuant to this Article 3. Employees rights under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 are Employees sole and exclusive rights against Employer, or any Employer Entity, and Employers sole and exclusive liability to Employee under this Agreement, whether such claim is based in contract, tort or otherwise, for the termination of his employment relationship hereunder. Employee agrees that all disputes relating to Employees employment or termination of employment shall be resolved through the dispute resolution provisions provided in Section 7.7 hereof; provided, however, that decisions as to whether there is Employer Cause for termination of the employment relationship with Employee and whether and as of what date Employee has become Permanently Disabled shall be limited to whether such decision was reached in good faith. Nothing contained in this Article 3 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by Employer or AMS, except that Employee shall not be entitled to any severance benefits pursuant to any severance plan or program of Employer and/or the Employer Entities except as outlined in this Agreement. 

3.10 For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be a participant in Employers KESP, and Employee shall not be entitled to any severance or similar benefits in connection with a termination of his employment except as set forth in this Agreement. 3.11 Termination of the employment relationship does not terminate those obligations imposed by this Agreement, which are continuing obligations, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. 3.12 The payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of employment does not constitute an offer or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an employee of Employer or any Employer Entity after the effective date of termination of employment. Except where any Employer Entity is lawfully required to withhold any federal, state, or local taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, or local taxes that arise out of any payments to Employee hereunder. 3.13 During any period during which any monies are being paid to Employee under this Agreement after the effective date of termination of employment, Employee shall provide to Employer and any Employer Entity reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning the business of Employer and any Employer Entity, transition of responsibility, or litigation. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all out-of-pocket expenses of Employee reasonably incurred in connection with such assistance in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policy. Any such assistance after the effective date of termination of employment shall be scheduled so as not to unreasonably interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any subsequent employer. 3.14 All references to Employer in this Article 3 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 4: OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: 4.1 All information, ideas, concepts, innovations, developments, methods, processes, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, discoveries and inventions and all improvements to any of the foregoing, whether or not patentable or reduced to practice, which are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Employee in whole or in part, individually or in conjunction with others, during Employees employment by Employer or any of the Employer Entities, both before and after the date hereof (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on Employers premises or otherwise) which relate to the business, products or services of Employer or the Employer Entities (including, without limitation, all such information relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names, marks, and any copyrightable work, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights (whether or not composing confidential information, and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such items) (collectively, Work Product), shall be the sole and exclusive property of 

Employer or any Employer Entity, as the case may be, and shall be treated as work made for hire to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the U.S. Copyright Act. If, for any reason, any Work Product shall not legally be a work made for hire and/or ownership of any Work Product does not automatically accrue to Employer or another Employer Entity, as applicable, then Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign any and all of Employees right, title and interest thereto, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, to Employer, and Employer shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner determined by Employer without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. To the extent Employee has any right, title or interest in any Work Product that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably exclusively licenses such Work Product to Employer. Without limiting the foregoing, it is recognized that Employee is an experienced executive in the business of Employer and the Employer Entities, and through over a decade of work in such business prior to his employment by Employer has acquired and retains knowledge, contacts, and information which are not covered by this Article 4. 4.2 Employee shall promptly and fully disclose all Work Product to Employer and shall cooperate and perform all actions reasonably requested by Employer (whether during or after the Term) to establish, confirm and protect Employers and/or the Employer Entities right, title and interest in such Work Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee agrees to assist Employer, at Employers expense, to secure Employers and the Employer Entities rights in the Work Product in any and all countries, including the execution by Employee of all applications and all other instruments and documents which Employer and/or the Employer Entities shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain rights in such Work Product. If Employer is unable because of Employees mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason (including Employees refusal to do so after request therefor is made by Employer) to secure Employees signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any registrations covering Work Product belonging to Employer and/or the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 4.1 above, then Employee by this Agreement irrevocably designates and appoints Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in Employees behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. Employees obligations to assist Employer and/or the Employer Entities with respect to Work Product as set forth herein shall continue beyond the termination of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entities. Employee agrees not to apply for or pursue any application for any registrations covering any Work Product other than pursuant to this Section 4.2. 4.3 Employee acknowledges that the businesses of Employer and the Employer Entities are highly competitive and that their strategies, methods, books, records, and documents, their technical information concerning their products, equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning their former, present or prospective customers and business affiliates, all comprise confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special, and unique assets which Employer and/or the Employer Entities use in their business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. Employee further acknowledges that protection of such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized 

disclosure and use is of critical importance to Employer and the Employer Entities in maintaining their competitive position. Employee acknowledges that by reason of Employees duties to, and association with, Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee has had and will have access to, and has and will become informed of, confidential business information which is a competitive asset of Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee hereby agrees that Employee will not, at any time during or after his employment by any Employer Entity, make any unauthorized disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his employment responsibilities hereunder. Employee shall take all necessary and appropriate steps to safeguard confidential business information and protect it against disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, loss and theft. Confidential business information shall not include information in the public domain (but only if the same becomes part of the public domain through a means other than a disclosure prohibited hereunder). The above notwithstanding, a disclosure shall not be unauthorized if (i) it is required by law or by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) it is in connection with any judicial, arbitration, dispute resolution or other legal proceeding in which Employees legal rights and obligations as an employee or under this Agreement are at issue; provided, however, that Employee shall, to the extent practicable and lawful in any such events, give prior notice to Employer of his intent to disclose any such confidential business information in such context so as to allow Employer or an Employer Entity an opportunity (which Employee will not oppose) to obtain such protective orders or similar relief with respect thereto as may be deemed appropriate. 4.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Employee from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Employee may do so without notifying Employer. Neither Employer nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Employee to waive any monetary award or other payment that Employee might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Employee from notifying Employer that Employee is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee and Employer acknowledge and agree that Employee shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Employee and Employer further acknowledge and agree that if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by Employer or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

4.5 All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or coming into the possession of, Employee during the period of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entity which contain or disclose confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or which relate to Employees Work Product described in Section 4.1 above, shall be and remain the property of Employer, or the Employer Entities, as the case may be. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason or upon the request of Employer, Employee shall promptly deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to Employer. ARTICLE 5: COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE: 5.1 In consideration of the compensation to be paid to Employee under this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment, he has and will become familiar with Employers and the Employer Entities trade secrets, business plans and business strategies and with other confidential business information concerning Employer and the Employer Entities and that Employees services have been and shall be of special, unique and extraordinary value to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee also acknowledges that in the course of his employment he had and will have access to Employers and the Employer Entities relationships and goodwill with their customers, distributors, suppliers and employees. In light of Employees value to, and knowledge of, Employer, the Employer Entities, and the Business (as defined below) and Employees compensation pursuant to this Agreement, Employee agrees that, during the Term and for a period of two (2) years following a termination of Employees employment for any reason (the Non-Compete Period), he will not, in association with or as an officer, principal, manager, member, advisor, agent, partner, director, material stockholder, employee or consultant of any corporation (or sub-unit, in the case of a diversified business) or other enterprise, entity or association, work on the acquisition or development of, or engage in any line of business, property or project which is, directly or indirectly, competitive with any business that Employer or any Employer Entity engages in during the Term, including but not limited to, the mining, processing, transportation, distribution, trading and sale of synfuel, coal and coal byproducts (collectively, the Business). Such restriction shall cover Employees activities anywhere in the states in the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term. 5.2 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not (i) solicit or induce (or attempt to induce) any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during such term or period or the six-month period prior to such solicitation or inducement to (A) interfere with the activities or businesses of Employer or any Employer Entity or (B) discontinue his or her employment with Employer or any of the Employer Entities, or (ii) hire directly or through another entity any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during the six-month period prior to the date such person is to be so hired. 5.3 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors or suppliers of Employer or any of 

the Employer Entities to divert their business to any competitor of Employer or any Employer Entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, distributor or supplier and Employer and/or any Employer Entity (including, without limitation, making any negative statements or communications about Employer or any Employer Entity). During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, acquire or attempt to acquire any business in any state in the United States or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term, if during the Term, Employer or any Employer Entity has made an acquisition proposal relating to the possible acquisition of such business (such business, an Acquisition Target), or take any action to induce or attempt to induce any Acquisition Target to consummate any acquisition, investment or other similar transaction with any person or entity other than Employer or any Employer Entity. 5.4 Employee understands that the provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof may limit his ability to earn a livelihood in a business in which he is involved, but as a member of the management group of Employer and the Employer Entities he nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of Employer and any of the Employer Entities; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided hereunder, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits provided under Article 3 hereof, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employees education, skills and abilities, Employee agrees that he will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 otherwise are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 5.5 If, at the time of enforcement of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. Employee acknowledges that he is a member of Employers and the Employer Entities management group with access to Employers and the Employer Entities confidential business information and his services are unique to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee therefore agrees that the remedy at law for any breach by him of any of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article 4 and Article 5 will be inadequate and that in the event of any such breach, Employer and the Employer Entities may, in addition to the other remedies which may be available to them at law, apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain specific performance and/or injunctive relief prohibiting Employee (together with all those persons associated with him) from the breach of such covenants and agreements and to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in the event of a breach or violation by Employee of this Article 5, the Non-Compete Period set forth in this Article 5 shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. 5.6 Each of the covenants of this Article 5 are given by Employee as part of the consideration for this Agreement and as an inducement to Employer to enter into this Agreement and accept the obligations hereunder. 

5.7 If Employee materially breaches any obligation under Article 4 or Article 5 hereof, Employer shall provide written notice of such breach to Employee and (i) Employee shall pay to Employer, in cash, an amount equal to any and all payments paid to or on behalf of Employee under Article 3 of this Agreement and (ii) any equity or equity-based awards that are unvested as of the date of such breach or were entitled to accelerated vesting under Section 3.5(ii) or 3.8(ii) shall be immediately forfeited in their entirety. Employee agrees that failure to make such timely payment to Employer constitutes an independent and material breach of this Agreement by Employee, for which Employer may seek recovery of the unpaid amount as liquidated damages, in addition to all other rights and remedies Employer may have resulting from Employees breach of the obligations set forth in Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof. Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is reasonable and necessary because the damages that will result from a breach of Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof cannot readily be ascertained. Further, Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is not a penalty, and it does not preclude Employer from seeking all other remedies that may be available to Employer, including, without limitation, those set forth in this Article 5. ARTICLE 6: CODE SECTION 280G: 6.1 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which Employee has the right to receive from Employer or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by Employee from Employer and/or such person(s) will be $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose solely by Employer with input from Employee (the 280G Firm), including the valuation of any non-compete for purposes of determining services to be rendered in the future. In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm will retain the services of an independent valuation expert. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from Employer (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees 

base amount, then Employee shall immediately repay such excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require Employer to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, Employees excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. ARTICLE 7: MISCELLANEOUS: 7.1 For purposes of this Agreement, the terms affiliate or affiliates mean means any entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, Employer. 7.2 Section 409A. (i) The provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). (ii) For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder, including each severance installment payment, shall be treated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A. Employee shall have no right to designate the date of any payment hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of amounts upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, (x) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee in any other calendar year, (y) the reimbursements for expenses for which Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred and (z) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. (iii) With respect to payments subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom), if any, it is intended that each payment is paid on permissible distribution event and at a specified time consistent with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment hereunder is subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom) and payable on account of a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be delayed for a period of six months after the date of such separation from service (or, if earlier, the death of Employee) if Employee is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A and determined in accordance with the procedures established by Employer). Any payment that would otherwise have been due or owing during such six-month period will be paid immediately following the end of the six-month 

period in the month following the month containing the 6-month anniversary of the date of separation from service. (iv) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges and agrees that neither Employer nor any of the Employer Entities shall be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this Agreement will be construed to obligate or cause Employer or any of the Employer Entities to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with respect to any violation of Section 409A. 7.3 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by or tendered to Employee or Employer, as applicable, by pre-paid courier or by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: If to Employer: Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. 340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. PO Box 848 Bristol, TN 37620 Attn: General Counsel If to Employee: To his last known personal residence 7.4 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced, in all respects, in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. 7.5 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 7.6 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the term, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision, covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any extent, be construed to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision, covenant, or remedy shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its enforceability under applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those to which they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect. 7.7 It is the mutual intention of the parties to have any dispute concerning this Agreement resolved out of court. Accordingly, the parties agree that any such dispute shall, as the sole and exclusive remedy, be submitted for resolution, then pursuant to binding arbitration to be held in Bristol, Tennessee, in accordance with the employment arbitration rules (except as modified below) of the American Arbitration Association and with the Expedited Procedures 

thereof (collectively, the Rules); provided, however, that Employer, on its own behalf and on behalf of any of the Employer Entities, and the Employers Entities shall be entitled to seek a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any breach or the continuation of any breach of the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 and Employee hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of Employer or any Employer Entity posting any bond. Each of the parties hereto agrees that such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Rules; provided that such arbitrator shall be experienced in deciding cases concerning the matter which is the subject of the dispute. Each of the parties agrees that in any such arbitration that pre-arbitration discovery shall be limited to the greatest extent provided by the Rules, that the award shall be made in writing no more than 30 days following the end of the proceeding, that the arbitration shall not be conducted as a class action, that the arbitration award shall not include factual findings or conclusions of law. Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered on it in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto agrees to treat as confidential the results of any arbitration (including, without limitation, any findings of fact and/or law made by the arbitrator) and not to disclose such results to any unauthorized person. 7.8 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Employer, the Employer Entities, their respective successors in interest, and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of Employer and the Employer Entities by any means, whether indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Employer, other than in the case of Employees death. 7.9 This Agreement replaces and merges any previous agreements and discussions pertaining to the subject matter covered herein and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties (or any Employer Entity) with regard to the matters set forth herein. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement, oral or written, has been made by either party with respect to the matters set forth herein which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement, statement, or promise relating to the employment of Employee by Employer or any Employer Entity that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. This Agreement may not be amended orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, Employer may, solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, modify the terms of this Agreement if it is determined that such terms would subject any payments or benefits hereunder to the additional tax and/or interest assessed under Section 409A of the Code. 7.10 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties respective rights and obligations under Articles 3, 4, 5, 6, and this Article 7 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Employees employment for any reason whatsoever. 

7.11 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 7.12 Employee hereby represents to Employer that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and Employer and the performance by Employee of Employee duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or otherwise bound. 7.13 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to be in an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 7.14 For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(i). Acquisition Target shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. Annual Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Benefit Plans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.2. Bonus Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Business shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. AMS shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7. COBRA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). COBRA Contribution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Compensation Committee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Continuation Benefits shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Employer shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 

Employer Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(i). Employer Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. Employer Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). LTIP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Non-Compete Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Notice Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). Permanent Disability shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(iv). Prior Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Rules shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. Separation from Service shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Separate Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(ii). Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Specified Employee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Subsequent Employer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. Target Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. Termination In Connection With A Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(i). Work Product shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. Date of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. EEOC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(c) of Annex A. Employment Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Releasees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) of Annex A. [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee have duly executed this Agreement in multiple originals to be effective as of the Effective Date. EMPLOYER ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: /s/ Mark M. Manno | Name: Mark M. Manno Title: Executive VP, General Counsel & Secretary EMPLOYEE /s/ Joshua T. Munsey | Joshua T. Munsey 

ANNEX A SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE THIS SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the Agreement) is made as of this _____ day of ___________, _____, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Joshua T. Munsey (Executive). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in that certain Employment Agreement dated as of __________, 202__ between Executive and the Company (as amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement). WHEREAS, the Company advises Executive to consult with Executives own legal counsel before signing this Agreement; and WHEREAS, Executive formerly was employed by the Company as ____________ and by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AMS), as an employee of AMS; and WHEREAS, the Company employed Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement, which provides for certain payments and benefits in the event that Executives employment is terminated under certain circumstances; and WHEREAS, an express condition of Executives entitlement to the payments and benefits under the Employment Agreement is the execution of a general release in the form set forth below; and WHEREAS, Executives employment has been terminated effective _____________ ____, ____ (Date of Termination). NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED by and between Executive and the Company as follows: 1.(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Executive, for and in consideration of the commitments of the Company as set forth in paragraph 5 of this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, does hereby REMISE, RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Employer Entities (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and their affiliates, predecessors, subsidiaries and parents, and their present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents, and its and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators and the current and former trustees or administrators of any pension or other benefit plan applicable to the employees or former employees of the Company or any Employer Entity (collectively, Releasees) from all causes of action, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which Executive ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, whether known or unknown, or which Executives heirs, executors, or administrators may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from any time prior to the date of this Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing general terms, any 

claims arising from or relating in any way to Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and/or their subsidiaries or affiliates, the terms and conditions of that employment relationship, and the termination of that employment relationship, including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Equal Pay Act, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any other claims under any federal, state or local common law, statutory, or regulatory provision, now or hereafter recognized, and any claims for attorneys fees and costs; provided, that Executive does not release or discharge the Releasees from (i) any rights to any payments, benefits or reimbursements due to Executive under Sections 3.5 or 3.8 of the Employment Agreement; (ii) any rights of Executive to indemnification under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company; (iii) any rights to any accrued and vested benefits (including any vested equity-based awards) due to Executive under any employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained by the Company; or (iv) any rights under the Section 4999 Agreement. This Agreement is effective without regard to the legal nature of the claims raised and without regard to whether any such claims are based upon tort, equity, implied or express contract or discrimination of any sort. This release is intended to be a general release, and excludes only those claims expressly set forth herein or that Executive cannot release as a matter of law under any statute or common law. Executive is advised to seek independent legal counsel if Executive seeks clarification on the scope of this release. (b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of paragraph 10 and paragraph 12 below, Executive represents and affirms that Executive has not filed or caused to be filed on Executives behalf any charge, complaint or claim for relief against the Company or any Releasee that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement and, to the best of Executives knowledge and belief, no outstanding charges, complaints or claims for relief that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement have been filed or asserted against the Company or any Releasee on Executives behalf. In the event that there is outstanding any such charge, complaint or claim for relief, Executive agrees to seek its immediate withdrawal and dismissal with prejudice. In the event that for any reason said charge, complaint or claim for relief cannot be withdrawn, Executive shall not voluntarily testify, provide documents or otherwise participate in any investigation or litigation arising therefrom or associated therewith and shall execute such other papers or documents as the Companys counsel determines may be necessary to have said charge, complaint or claim for relief dismissed with prejudice. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from testifying in any cause of action when required to do so by process of law. Executive shall promptly inform the Company if called upon to testify. (c) Executive does not waive any right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, but explicitly waives any right to file a personal lawsuit or receive monetary damages that the EEOC might recover if said charge results in an EEOC lawsuit against the Company or any Releasee. 

2. Executive acknowledges his obligation to comply with the restrictions described in Article 4 and Article 5 of the Employment Agreement. 3. Executive further agrees and recognizes that Executive has permanently and irrevocably severed Executives employment relationship with the Company and any Employer Entity, that Executive shall not seek employment with the Company or any Employer Entity at any time in the future, and that neither the Company nor any Employer Entity has any obligation to employ him in the future. Effective as of the Date of Termination, Executive resigned from and is removed from all boards and committees of the Company, the Employer Entities and their subsidiaries and affiliates on which Executive may have previously served. 4. Executive further agrees that Executive will not publicly disparage or subvert the Company or any Releasee, or make any public statement reflecting negatively on the Company, any Employer Entity, their subsidiaries or affiliated corporations or entities, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to the operation or management of the Company or any Releasee, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. The Company agrees that Company will instruct its executive officers and directors to not publicly disparage or subvert Executive or make any public statement reflecting negatively on Executive, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to Executives performance, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. 5. In consideration for Executives promises, as set forth herein, the Company agrees to pay or provide to or for Executive the payments and benefits described in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. Except as set forth in this Agreement and subject to the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph 1, it is expressly agreed and understood that the Company and Releasees do not have, and will not have, any obligations to provide Executive at any time in the future with any payments, benefits or considerations other than those recited in this paragraph, or those required by law. 6. Executive understands and agrees that the payments, benefits and agreements provided in this Agreement are being provided to him in consideration for Executives acceptance and execution of, and in reliance upon Executives representations in, this Agreement. Executive agrees that absent execution without revocation of this Agreement containing a release of all claims against the Releasees, Executive is not entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. 7. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the Employment Agreement supersede any employment agreement or offer Executive has with the Company or any Releasee. To the extent Executive has entered into any other enforceable written agreement with the Company or any Releasee that contains provisions that are outside the scope of this Agreement and the Employment Agreement and are not in direct conflict with the provisions in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, the terms in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement shall not supersede, but shall be in addition to, any other such agreement. Except as set forth expressly herein, no promises or representations have been made to Executive in connection with the termination of Executives Employment Agreement, if any, or offer letter, if any, with the Company, or the terms of this Agreement. 

8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Executive from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Executive may do so without notifying the Company. Neither the Company nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Executive for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Executive to waive any monetary award or other payment that Executive might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Executive from notifying the Company that Executive is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Executive and the Company further acknowledge and agree that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 9. Executive represents that Executive does not, without the Companys prior written consent, presently have in Executives possession any records and business documents, whether on computer or hard copy, and other materials (including but not limited to computer disks and tapes, computer programs and software, office keys, correspondence, files, customer lists, technical information, customer information, pricing information, business strategies and plans, sales records and all copies thereof) (collectively, the Corporate Records) provided by the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates or obtained as a result of Executives prior employment with the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates, or created by Executive while employed by or rendering services to the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive acknowledges that all such Corporate Records are the property of the Company. In addition, Executive shall promptly return in good condition any and all Company owned equipment or property, including, but not limited to, automobiles, personal data assistants, facsimile machines, copy machines, pagers, credit cards, cellular telephone equipment, business cards, laptops, computers, and any other items requested by the Company. As of the Date of Termination, the Company will make arrangements to remove, terminate or transfer any and all business communication lines including network access, cellular phone, fax line and other business numbers. 10. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from: (i) making any disclosure of information required by law; (ii) providing information to, or testifying or 

otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Companys designated legal, compliance or human resources officers; or (iii) filing, testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud, or any rule or regulation of the SEC or any self-regulatory organization. 11. The parties agree and acknowledge that the agreement by the Company described herein, and the settlement and termination of any asserted or unasserted claims against the Releasees, are not and shall not be construed to be an admission of any violation of any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or of any duty owed by any of the Releasees to Executive. 12. Executive agrees and recognizes that should Executive breach any of the obligations or covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Company will have no further obligation to provide Executive with the consideration set forth herein, and will have the right to seek repayment of all consideration paid up to the time of any such breach. Further, Executive acknowledges in the event of a breach of this Agreement, Releasees may seek any and all appropriate relief for any such breach, including equitable relief and/or money damages, attorneys fees and costs. 13. Executive further agrees that the Company shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages, as well as to an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from any violations of this Agreement, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. The dispute resolution provisions set forth in Section 7.7 of the Employment Agreement apply to any dispute regarding the termination of Executives employment, and any dispute related to and/or arising under this Agreement, including without limitation any challenge Executive may make regarding the validity of this Agreement. 14. This Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 15. Jurisdiction and venue in any proceeding by the Company or Executive to enforce their rights hereunder is specifically limited to any court geographically located in Bristol, Tennessee. 16. Executive certifies and acknowledges as follows: (a) That Executive has read the terms of this Agreement, and that Executive understands its terms and effects, including the fact that Executive has agreed to RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Releasees from any legal action arising out of Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and the termination of that employment relationship; and (b) That Executive has signed this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly in exchange for the consideration described herein, which Executive acknowledges is adequate and satisfactory to him and which Executive acknowledges is in addition to any other benefits to which Executive is otherwise entitled; and (c) That Executive has been and is hereby advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement; and 

(d) That Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed; and (e) That the Company has provided Executive with a period of [twenty-one (21)] or [forty-five (45)] days within which to consider this Agreement, and that Executive has signed on the date indicated below after concluding that this Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release is satisfactory to Executive; and (f) Executive acknowledges that this Agreement may be revoked by him within seven (7) days after execution, and it shall not become effective until the expiration of such seven (7) day revocation period. In the event of a timely revocation by Executive, this Agreement will be deemed null and void and the Company will have no obligations hereunder. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Intending to be legally bound hereby, Executive and the Company executed the foregoing Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release this ______ day of ______________, _____. Witness: Joshua T. Munsey ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: Witness: Name: Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025, DANIEL E. HORN
<TEXT>
exhibit104hornemployment

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (Agreement), dated and effective this 31st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Employer), and Daniel E. Horn (Employee). Defined terms used herein are set forth in Section 7.14. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Employer has employed Employee as its EVP and Chief Commercial Officer since January 24, 2022, and as an employee of Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC (AMS); and WHEREAS, Employee agrees to continue to be employed by Employer on and after the Effective Date pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, Employer and Employee agree as follows: ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES: 1.1 Employer agrees to, and agrees to cause AMS to, continue to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to continue to be employed hereunder, for a term (the Term) beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing through the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Term shall remain in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth herein, and shall be automatically extended for successive twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice to the other at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current Term of such partys election not to extend the Term. 1.2 Employee shall serve as EVP and Chief Commercial Officer of Employer, shall be employed by AMS as an employee of AMS. Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of Employer (the CEO). Employee shall serve in the assigned positions or in such other executive capacities as may be agreed to, from time to time, between Employee and Employer, the CEO, the Employers Board of Directors (Board of Directors), and/or the Employer Entities (as defined below). Employee agrees to perform diligently and to the best of Employees abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to such positions as reasonably determined by Employer, the CEO, AMS and the Board of Directors, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the CEO, the Board of Directors, AMS and/or Employer. 1.3 Employee shall at all times comply in all material respects with, and be subject to, such policies and procedures as Employer and/or the Employer Entities may establish from time to time, including, without limitation, Employers Code of Business Ethics and any policy relating to sexual harassment (each, an Employer Policy). Employee agrees (i) to abide by any compensation recovery, recoupment, anti-hedging, anti-pledging, stock ownership, or other policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; (ii) that any such cash-or equity-based incentive compensation granted will be subject to any compensation recovery or recoupment 

policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) to adhere to the intent of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), or other applicable law, as advised to the Board of Directors in a written opinion (including via e-mail correspondence) from Employers legal counsel; and (iii) that the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically and unilaterally amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance by Employee and this Agreement with such policies, the Dodd-Frank Act, Sarbanes-Oxley, and any other applicable law. 1.4 Except as expressly approved by the CEO and the Board of Directors, Employee shall, during the period of Employees employment hereunder, devote Employees full business time, energy, and best efforts to the business and affairs of Employer, AMS and the Employer Entities. Employee may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business, investment, or activity that interferes with Employees performance of Employees duties hereunder, is contrary to the interest of Employer, AMS or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (each such subsidiary or affiliate, together with AMS, an Employer Entity, or collectively, the Employer Entities) or requires any significant portion of Employees business time. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Employee may engage in passive personal investments which do not conflict with the business and affairs of Employer or any of the Employer Entities or interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder. Employee may not serve on the board of directors of any entity (other than an Employer Entity, related industry trade association, public institution, government appointed public or quasi-public body, or not-for-profit charitable organization so long as such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder) during the Term without prior approval by the CEO and the Board of Directors. 1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of Employer and the Employer Entities and to do no act which, directly or indirectly, injures or would reasonably be expected to injure any such entitys business, interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial activities, which interest would adversely affect Employer, or any Employer Entity, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with Employees fiduciary duties to Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee agrees that Employee shall not knowingly become involved in a conflict of interest with Employer or any Employer Entity, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. 1.6 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude the transfer by Employer or AMS of Employees employment to another Employer Entity (Subsequent Employer) as of, or at any time after, the Effective Date and no such transfer shall be deemed to be a termination of employment for purposes of Article 3 hereof; provided, however, that, effective with such transfer, all obligations of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assumed by and be binding upon, and all rights of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assigned to, such Subsequent Employer and the defined terms Employer and AMS as used herein and any other terms referring and/or relating to Employer or AMS shall thereafter be deemed amended to mean and refer to such Subsequent Employer. Except as otherwise provided above, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, 

Employees rights, compensation, benefits and obligations, shall remain in all material respects and taken as a whole, no less favorable to Employee following such transfer of employment. ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 2.1 Employees base salary during the Term shall be $515,000.00 per annum (Base Salary) which shall be paid in accordance with Employers standard payroll practice. Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and may be increased, in the Compensation Committees sole discretion, from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1st of each calendar year during the Term, Employees Base Salary shall automatically be increased by five percent (5%). Such increased base salary shall become the minimum Base Salary under this Agreement and may not be decreased thereafter without the written consent of Employee unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 2.2 Commencing with the 2025 calendar year and for each calendar year thereafter during the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual cash performance bonus (an Annual Bonus), to the extent earned based on performance against performance criteria established for each calendar year by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the terms of Employers Annual Incentive Bonus Plan (as may be amended or superseded from time to time, the Bonus Plan). Employees Annual Bonus opportunity for a calendar year shall equal 100% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if target levels of performance for that year are achieved (the Target Bonus), and shall equal 200% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if maximum levels or above of performance for that year are achieved. Employees Annual Bonus for a calendar year shall be determined by the Compensation Committee after the end of the applicable calendar year and shall be paid to Employee when annual bonuses for that calendar year are paid to other senior executives of Employer generally, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates. Subject to the terms of the Bonus Plan, to the extent that performance levels for a given calendar year are achieved below any applicable threshold levels, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any Annual Bonus for such year, and to the extent that performance levels are achieved between performance levels, the amount of Employees Annual Bonus for such year shall be calculated on a pro rata basis by the Compensation Committee. 2.3 Employee will continue to participate in Employers 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended or restated from time to time, the LTIP) at a target of 200% of annual base salary, in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. 2.4 Employee will be entitled to the use of a company vehicle in accordance with Employers company vehicle usage policies. 2.5 Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation in each calendar year which may be used in accordance with Employers vacation policy as in effect from time to time. Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by Employer to its executive officers generally. 2.6 During the Term, Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all actual, reasonable and customary expenses incurred by Employee in the course of his employment; provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with Employers 

applicable policies and procedures. In addition, Employer shall reimburse Employee in an amount not to exceed $15,000, for reasonable, documented legal fees and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Employee in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 2.7 While employed hereunder, Employee shall be eligible to participate in, subject to, and on the same terms generally as other employees of Employer, all general employee benefit plans and programs which are made available by Employer to Employers similarly situated employees. 2.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that the Employer Entities shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, employee benefit or stock or stock option program or plan. 2.9 Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive or other compensation paid to Employee pursuant to this Agreement or any other plan, policy, program, or agreement or arrangement of or with Employer that is subject to clawback or other similar recovery under Employer Policy, applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as any of the same may be in effect from time to time, will be subject to such clawback or other recovery as may be required thereunder. 2.10 Any compensation, benefits, or other amounts payable under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding for all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any applicable law or governmental regulation or ruling. 2.11 All references to Employer in this Article 2 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 3: TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND EFFECTS OF SUCH TERMINATION 3.1 Employees employment hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the Term: (i) upon the death of Employee, (ii) upon Employees Permanent Disability (as defined below), (iii) at any time by Employer upon written notice to Employee, (iv) by Employee without Good Reason (as defined below) upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Employer (which notice period may be waived or shortened by Employer in its sole discretion without such action constituting Good Reason) or (v) by Employee for Good Reason upon written notice to Employer. Employee agrees and confirms that any termination of Employees employment pursuant to this Article 3 shall constitute, with no further action required, Employees resignation from any position that Employee holds as an employee, manager, agent or officer of, service provider to, or member of the board of directors of, Employer and any Employer Entity, each such resignation to be effective on the date of the termination of Employees employment hereunder. 

3.2 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of any of the following circumstances (i), (ii), or (iii), Employee shall be entitled to receive only the benefits set forth in Section 3.3 below: (i) Termination by Employer for Employer Cause. Termination of Employees employment for Employer Cause shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employer for any of the following: (a) Employees gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, (b) Employees conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, (x) a felony or (y) a crime involving moral turpitude, (c) Employee engaging in fraudulent or criminal activity, including misappropriation or embezzlement (whether or not prosecuted), (d) Employees material violation of any Employer Policy, (e) Employees breach of any provision of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, (f) Employees material breach of any other provision of this Agreement, provided that Employee has received written notice from Employer and been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), (g) any continuing or repeated failure or refusal by Employee to perform his material duties as requested by the Board of Directors after Employee has been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), or (h) conduct by Employee which brings Employer and/or the Employer Entities into public disgrace or disrepute in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not Employer Cause exists for termination of Employees employment will be made by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. (ii) Termination by Employee by Resignation Other Than for Good Reason. Employees resignation, other than for Good Reason (as defined below), shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employees resignation of employment with Employer and any Employer Entity, but not including any termination of employment by Employee for Good Reason as described in Section 3.4(i) or a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control (as defined below) by Employee described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Election Not to Renew Term by Employee. Employee elects not to renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Agreement. 3.3 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(i), 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall be entitled to the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to: (a) any Base Salary earned, accrued or owing to Employee through the effective date of termination of employment, (b) reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.6 for all reasonable and customary accrued but unpaid expenses incurred by Employee prior to the effective date of termination of employment and (c) accrued and vested amounts and benefits to which Employee may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of any Employer Entity in accordance with the terms thereof, if any (collectively, the Accrued Obligations). (ii) In the event that Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall also be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 

(iii) Except for the Accrued Obligations and any payments described in Section 3.3(ii), it is specifically understood that all future compensation to which Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible, shall cease and terminate as of the effective date of termination of employment. 3.4 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) below, and, in the case of (i) and (ii), other than a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control, as otherwise provided in Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.5 or Section 3.6, as applicable. In addition, Employees participation in the Key Employee Separation Plan (KESP) shall terminate effective as of the Effective Date, and all benefits for termination of Employees employment shall be solely governed by this Agreement. (i) Termination by Employee for Good Reason (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employee for Good Reason shall mean a termination of Employees employment by Employee with Employer and any Employer Entity as a result of the occurrence, without Employees written consent, of one of the following events: (a) a material reduction in Employees (1) annual Base Salary or (2) Target Bonus opportunity (unless such reduction in (1) and/or (2) relates to an across-the-board reduction similarly affecting Employee and all or substantially all other executives of Employer); (b) Employer makes or causes to be made a material adverse change in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities which results in a material diminution in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities, including, without limitation, Employee being required to report to any person other than the CEO, except in connection with a termination of Employees employment with any Employer Entity for Permanent Disability, Employer Cause, death, or temporarily as a result of Employees incapacity or other absence for an extended period; (c) a relocation of Employers principal place of business, or of Employees own office as assigned to Employee by any Employer Entity, to a location that increases Employees normal work commute by more than fifty (50) miles; or (d) an acquiror in a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7, below) fails to assume this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the following terms: (1) the acquirors assumption of this Agreement must be a closing condition to such Change in Control, (2) such assumption must be in writing and contractually effective immediately as of the closing of such Change in Control, and (3) such assumption must extend the Term to the three (3) year anniversary from the Closing of such Change in Control, subject to renewals thereafter in accordance with Section 1.1. In order for Employee to terminate for Good Reason, (a) the CEO must be notified by Employee in writing within ninety (90) days of the event constituting Good Reason becoming known to Employee, (b) the event must remain uncorrected by the applicable Employer Entity for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Notice Period), and (c) such termination must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, however, that the foregoing procedure set forth in this sentence shall not apply to, and not be required with respect to, any Good Reason set forth in Section 3.4(i)(d) (i.e., acquiror failing to assume this Agreement in a Change in Control pursuant to the requirements of Section 3.4(i)(d)). (ii) Employer Termination Without Employer Cause (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employer for any reason other than for Employer Cause, including, without limitation, termination by Employer or resignation by Employee as a result of Employers election not to 

renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1, but not including a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control by Employer described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Death. Termination due to the death of Employee. (iv) Termination due to Employees Permanent Disability. Termination of Employees employment for Permanent Disability shall mean a termination of Employees employment due to Employee having a physical or mental incapacity to perform his usual duties with such condition likely to remain continuously and permanently as determined by Employer. 3.5 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.6(i), Section 3.8, and Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated by Employee under Section 3.4(i) or by Employer under Section 3.4(ii), Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of: (a) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination of employment plus (b) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination of employment occurs plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, such compensation shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, be paid to Employee in equal installments in accordance with Employers customary payroll practices commencing with the first pay period following the effective date of termination of employment and ending on the 24- month anniversary of the effective date of such termination of employment, provided that Employers obligation to make any further payments of such amount shall cease on the date Employee violates any of the covenants set forth in Article 4 or Article 5 hereof; provided further that, notwithstanding installment payments to the contrary, Employer shall take all efforts to pay compensation provided in Section 3.5(i)(a), (b) and (c) in the form of a lump sum payment to the extent such would not cause an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A (e.g., amount subject to short-term deferral rule, amount within 2 times the Section 401(a)(17) limit, amount not exceeding the Section 402(g) limit, etc.). (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 3.4(i) or Section 3.4(ii), as the case may be, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employee's date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (v) To the extent permitted by applicable law and the insurance and benefits policies in which Employee is entitled to participate (collectively, Benefit Plans), Employer or AMS, as applicable, shall maintain Employees paid coverage for health and dental insurance (through the payment or reimbursement of Employees COBRA premiums) and life insurance benefits (through the reimbursement of Employees premiums upon conversion to individual policy) for the earliest to occur of: (a) Employee obtaining the age of 65, (b) the date Employee is eligible to participate in another employers group health plan (which Employee must provide prompt notice with respect thereto to Employer), or (c) the expiration of the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below). During the applicable period of coverage described in the foregoing sentence, Employee shall be entitled to benefits, on substantially the same basis as would have otherwise been provided had Employee not been terminated and neither Employer nor AMS, as applicable, will have any obligation to pay any benefits to, or premiums on behalf of, Employee after such period ends. The COBRA Continuation Period for medical and dental insurance under this Section 3.5(v) shall be deemed to run concurrent with the continuation period federally mandated by COBRA (generally eighteen (18) months). For purposes of this Agreement, (a) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and (b) COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the continuation period for medical and dental insurance to be provided under the terms of this Agreement which shall commence on the first day of the calendar month following the month in which the date of termination falls and shall continue for an eighteen (18) month period. Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement of life insurance premiums as provided in this Section 3.5(v) to the extent such expense is actually incurred for the applicable calendar year and reasonably substantiated. Any such reimbursement shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expense is incurred by Employee. The benefits under this Section 3.5(v) shall be referred to as the Continuation Benefits. 3.6 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.4(iii) or (iv), Employees estate, in the case of death, or Employee (or his legal guardian), in the case of Permanent Disability, shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. (ii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits (other than, in the case of Employees death, life insurance benefits). (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 3.7 Involuntary Termination In Connection with a Change in Control. In the event Employees employment is terminated at the request of an acquiror of Employer during the 90- day period immediately preceding a Change in Control, or on or within the one-year period immediately following a Change in Control (a Termination In Connection With A Change In Control) by: (i) Employee for Good Reason or (ii) Employer other than for Employer Cause, 

Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.8. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the date of this Agreement: (a) any merger, consolidation or business combination in which the stockholders of Employer immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or business combination do not own at least a majority of the outstanding equity interests of the surviving parent entity, (b) the sale of all or substantially all of Employers assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person entity that is not an Affiliate of Employer, (c) the acquisition of beneficial ownership or control of (including, without limitation, power to vote) a majority of the outstanding common stock of Employer by any person or entity (including a group as defined by or under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than (1) any employee plan established by Employer or any subsidiary, (2) Employer or any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of Employer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Employer, or (d) a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who were directors of Employer before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated pursuant to Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of (a) two (2) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination, plus (b) two (2) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of the termination occurs; plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to Section 7.2, such compensation shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum payment within the seven-day period immediately following satisfaction of the timing requirements set forth in Section 3.9, below. (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employees date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(v) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits. 3.9 The severance benefits paid and provided to Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall be in consideration of Employees continuing obligations hereunder after such termination of employment, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. Further, as a condition to the receipt of any such severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations, Employer shall require Employee to first execute a release, in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A, releasing Employer and all other Employer Entities, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or character, including, but not limited to, all claims and causes of action arising out of Employees employment with Employer and any other Employer Entities or the termination of such employment. The release must be executed by Employee by no later than the 60th day following Employees termination of employment; provided that if the sixty (60) day period begins in one taxable year and ends in the following taxable year, such payments shall not commence until such following taxable year. If Employee fails or otherwise refuses to execute a release within the time specified herein, or revokes the release during the revocation period defined therein, Employee will not be entitled to any such severance benefits and Employer shall have no further obligations with respect to the payment of the severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations. The performance of Employers obligations under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 and the receipt of the severance benefit provided thereunder by Employee shall constitute full settlement of all such claims and causes of action. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant to which a severance benefit payment or benefit under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 is owing and the amounts and benefits due Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall not be reduced or suspended, except as otherwise provided, if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual, provided, however that in the event Employee breaches any of Employees obligations under Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, then, in addition to Employers right to specific performance pursuant to Section 5.5 or any other rights that Employer or each Employer Entity may have under this Agreement or otherwise, Employer and each Employer Entity shall have the right to terminate payment of any amounts or benefits to which Employee would otherwise be entitled pursuant to this Article 3. Employees rights under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 are Employees sole and exclusive rights against Employer, or any Employer Entity, and Employers sole and exclusive liability to Employee under this Agreement, whether such claim is based in contract, tort or otherwise, for the termination of his employment relationship hereunder. Employee agrees that all disputes relating to Employees employment or termination of employment shall be resolved through the dispute resolution provisions provided in Section 7.7 hereof; provided, however, that decisions as to whether there is Employer Cause for termination of the employment relationship with Employee and whether and as of what date Employee has become Permanently Disabled shall be limited to whether such decision was reached in good faith. Nothing contained in this Article 3 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by Employer or AMS, except that Employee shall not be entitled to any severance benefits pursuant to any severance plan or program of Employer and/or the Employer Entities except as outlined in this Agreement. 

3.10 For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be a participant in Employers KESP, and Employee shall not be entitled to any severance or similar benefits in connection with a termination of his employment except as set forth in this Agreement. 3.11 Termination of the employment relationship does not terminate those obligations imposed by this Agreement, which are continuing obligations, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. 3.12 The payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of employment does not constitute an offer or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an employee of Employer or any Employer Entity after the effective date of termination of employment. Except where any Employer Entity is lawfully required to withhold any federal, state, or local taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, or local taxes that arise out of any payments to Employee hereunder. 3.13 During any period during which any monies are being paid to Employee under this Agreement after the effective date of termination of employment, Employee shall provide to Employer and any Employer Entity reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning the business of Employer and any Employer Entity, transition of responsibility, or litigation. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all out-of-pocket expenses of Employee reasonably incurred in connection with such assistance in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policy. Any such assistance after the effective date of termination of employment shall be scheduled so as not to unreasonably interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any subsequent employer. 3.14 All references to Employer in this Article 3 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 4: OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: 4.1 All information, ideas, concepts, innovations, developments, methods, processes, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, discoveries and inventions and all improvements to any of the foregoing, whether or not patentable or reduced to practice, which are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Employee in whole or in part, individually or in conjunction with others, during Employees employment by Employer or any of the Employer Entities, both before and after the date hereof (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on Employers premises or otherwise) which relate to the business, products or services of Employer or the Employer Entities (including, without limitation, all such information relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names, marks, and any copyrightable work, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights (whether or not composing confidential information, and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such items) (collectively, Work Product), shall be the sole and exclusive property of 

Employer or any Employer Entity, as the case may be, and shall be treated as work made for hire to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the U.S. Copyright Act. If, for any reason, any Work Product shall not legally be a work made for hire and/or ownership of any Work Product does not automatically accrue to Employer or another Employer Entity, as applicable, then Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign any and all of Employees right, title and interest thereto, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, to Employer, and Employer shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner determined by Employer without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. To the extent Employee has any right, title or interest in any Work Product that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably exclusively licenses such Work Product to Employer. Without limiting the foregoing, it is recognized that Employee is an experienced executive in the business of Employer and the Employer Entities, and through several decades of work in such business prior to his employment by Employer has acquired and retains knowledge, contacts, and information which are not covered by this Article 4. 4.2 Employee shall promptly and fully disclose all Work Product to Employer and shall cooperate and perform all actions reasonably requested by Employer (whether during or after the Term) to establish, confirm and protect Employers and/or the Employer Entities right, title and interest in such Work Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee agrees to assist Employer, at Employers expense, to secure Employers and the Employer Entities rights in the Work Product in any and all countries, including the execution by Employee of all applications and all other instruments and documents which Employer and/or the Employer Entities shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain rights in such Work Product. If Employer is unable because of Employees mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason (including Employees refusal to do so after request therefor is made by Employer) to secure Employees signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any registrations covering Work Product belonging to Employer and/or the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 4.1 above, then Employee by this Agreement irrevocably designates and appoints Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in Employees behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. Employees obligations to assist Employer and/or the Employer Entities with respect to Work Product as set forth herein shall continue beyond the termination of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entities. Employee agrees not to apply for or pursue any application for any registrations covering any Work Product other than pursuant to this Section 4.2. 4.3 Employee acknowledges that the businesses of Employer and the Employer Entities are highly competitive and that their strategies, methods, books, records, and documents, their technical information concerning their products, equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning their former, present or prospective customers and business affiliates, all comprise confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special, and unique assets which Employer and/or the Employer Entities use in their business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. Employee further acknowledges that protection of such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized 

disclosure and use is of critical importance to Employer and the Employer Entities in maintaining their competitive position. Employee acknowledges that by reason of Employees duties to, and association with, Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee has had and will have access to, and has and will become informed of, confidential business information which is a competitive asset of Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee hereby agrees that Employee will not, at any time during or after his employment by any Employer Entity, make any unauthorized disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his employment responsibilities hereunder. Employee shall take all necessary and appropriate steps to safeguard confidential business information and protect it against disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, loss and theft. Confidential business information shall not include information in the public domain (but only if the same becomes part of the public domain through a means other than a disclosure prohibited hereunder). The above notwithstanding, a disclosure shall not be unauthorized if (i) it is required by law or by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) it is in connection with any judicial, arbitration, dispute resolution or other legal proceeding in which Employees legal rights and obligations as an employee or under this Agreement are at issue; provided, however, that Employee shall, to the extent practicable and lawful in any such events, give prior notice to Employer of his intent to disclose any such confidential business information in such context so as to allow Employer or an Employer Entity an opportunity (which Employee will not oppose) to obtain such protective orders or similar relief with respect thereto as may be deemed appropriate. 4.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Employee from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Employee may do so without notifying Employer. Neither Employer nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Employee to waive any monetary award or other payment that Employee might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Employee from notifying Employer that Employee is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee and Employer acknowledge and agree that Employee shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Employee and Employer further acknowledge and agree that if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by Employer or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

4.5 All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or coming into the possession of, Employee during the period of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entity which contain or disclose confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or which relate to Employees Work Product described in Section 4.1 above, shall be and remain the property of Employer, or the Employer Entities, as the case may be. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason or upon the request of Employer, Employee shall promptly deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to Employer. ARTICLE 5: COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE: 5.1 In consideration of the compensation to be paid to Employee under this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment, he has and will become familiar with Employers and the Employer Entities trade secrets, business plans and business strategies and with other confidential business information concerning Employer and the Employer Entities and that Employees services have been and shall be of special, unique and extraordinary value to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee also acknowledges that in the course of his employment he had and will have access to Employers and the Employer Entities relationships and goodwill with their customers, distributors, suppliers and employees. In light of Employees value to, and knowledge of, Employer, the Employer Entities, and the Business (as defined below) and Employees compensation pursuant to this Agreement, Employee agrees that, during the Term and for a period of two (2) years following a termination of Employees employment for any reason (the Non-Compete Period), he will not, in association with or as an officer, principal, manager, member, advisor, agent, partner, director, material stockholder, employee or consultant of any corporation (or sub-unit, in the case of a diversified business) or other enterprise, entity or association, work on the acquisition or development of, or engage in any line of business, property or project which is, directly or indirectly, competitive with any business that Employer or any Employer Entity engages in during the Term, including but not limited to, the mining, processing, transportation, distribution, trading and sale of synfuel, coal and coal byproducts (collectively, the Business). Such restriction shall cover Employees activities anywhere in the states in the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term. 5.2 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not (i) solicit or induce (or attempt to induce) any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during such term or period or the six-month period prior to such solicitation or inducement to (A) interfere with the activities or businesses of Employer or any Employer Entity or (B) discontinue his or her employment with Employer or any of the Employer Entities, or (ii) hire directly or through another entity any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during the six-month period prior to the date such person is to be so hired. 5.3 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors or suppliers of Employer or any of 

the Employer Entities to divert their business to any competitor of Employer or any Employer Entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, distributor or supplier and Employer and/or any Employer Entity (including, without limitation, making any negative statements or communications about Employer or any Employer Entity). During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, acquire or attempt to acquire any business in any state in the United States or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term, if during the Term, Employer or any Employer Entity has made an acquisition proposal relating to the possible acquisition of such business (such business, an Acquisition Target), or take any action to induce or attempt to induce any Acquisition Target to consummate any acquisition, investment or other similar transaction with any person or entity other than Employer or any Employer Entity. 5.4 Employee understands that the provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof may limit his ability to earn a livelihood in a business in which he is involved, but as a member of the management group of Employer and the Employer Entities he nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of Employer and any of the Employer Entities; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided hereunder, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits provided under Article 3 hereof, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employees education, skills and abilities, Employee agrees that he will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 otherwise are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 5.5 If, at the time of enforcement of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. Employee acknowledges that he is a member of Employers and the Employer Entities management group with access to Employers and the Employer Entities confidential business information and his services are unique to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee therefore agrees that the remedy at law for any breach by him of any of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article 4 and Article 5 will be inadequate and that in the event of any such breach, Employer and the Employer Entities may, in addition to the other remedies which may be available to them at law, apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain specific performance and/or injunctive relief prohibiting Employee (together with all those persons associated with him) from the breach of such covenants and agreements and to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in the event of a breach or violation by Employee of this Article 5, the Non-Compete Period set forth in this Article 5 shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. 5.6 Each of the covenants of this Article 5 are given by Employee as part of the consideration for this Agreement and as an inducement to Employer to enter into this Agreement and accept the obligations hereunder. 

5.7 If Employee materially breaches any obligation under Article 4 or Article 5 hereof, Employer shall provide written notice of such breach to Employee and (i) Employee shall pay to Employer, in cash, an amount equal to any and all payments paid to or on behalf of Employee under Article 3 of this Agreement and (ii) any equity or equity-based awards that are unvested as of the date of such breach or were entitled to accelerated vesting under Section 3.5(ii) or 3.8(ii) shall be immediately forfeited in their entirety. Employee agrees that failure to make such timely payment to Employer constitutes an independent and material breach of this Agreement by Employee, for which Employer may seek recovery of the unpaid amount as liquidated damages, in addition to all other rights and remedies Employer may have resulting from Employees breach of the obligations set forth in Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof. Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is reasonable and necessary because the damages that will result from a breach of Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof cannot readily be ascertained. Further, Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is not a penalty, and it does not preclude Employer from seeking all other remedies that may be available to Employer, including, without limitation, those set forth in this Article 5. ARTICLE 6: CODE SECTION 280G: 6.1 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which Employee has the right to receive from Employer or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by Employee from Employer and/or such person(s) will be $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose solely by Employer with input from Employee (the 280G Firm), including the valuation of any non-compete for purposes of determining services to be rendered in the future. In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm will retain the services of an independent valuation expert. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from Employer (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees 

base amount, then Employee shall immediately repay such excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require Employer to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, Employees excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. ARTICLE 7: MISCELLANEOUS: 7.1 For purposes of this Agreement, the terms affiliate or affiliates mean means any entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, Employer. 7.2 Section 409A. (i) The provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). (ii) For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder, including each severance installment payment, shall be treated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A. Employee shall have no right to designate the date of any payment hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of amounts upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, (x) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee in any other calendar year, (y) the reimbursements for expenses for which Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred and (z) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. (iii) With respect to payments subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom), if any, it is intended that each payment is paid on permissible distribution event and at a specified time consistent with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment hereunder is subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom) and payable on account of a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be delayed for a period of six months after the date of such separation from service (or, if earlier, the death of Employee) if Employee is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A and determined in accordance with the procedures established by Employer). Any payment that would otherwise have been due or owing during such six-month period will be paid immediately following the end of the six-month 

period in the month following the month containing the 6-month anniversary of the date of separation from service. (iv) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges and agrees that neither Employer nor any of the Employer Entities shall be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this Agreement will be construed to obligate or cause Employer or any of the Employer Entities to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with respect to any violation of Section 409A. 7.3 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by or tendered to Employee or Employer, as applicable, by pre-paid courier or by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: If to Employer: Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. 340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. PO Box 848 Bristol, TN 37620 Attn: General Counsel If to Employee: To his last known personal residence 7.4 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced, in all respects, in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. 7.5 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 7.6 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the term, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision, covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any extent, be construed to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision, covenant, or remedy shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its enforceability under applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those to which they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect. 7.7 It is the mutual intention of the parties to have any dispute concerning this Agreement resolved out of court. Accordingly, the parties agree that any such dispute shall, as the sole and exclusive remedy, be submitted for resolution, then pursuant to binding arbitration to be held in Bristol, Tennessee, in accordance with the employment arbitration rules (except as modified below) of the American Arbitration Association and with the Expedited Procedures 

thereof (collectively, the Rules); provided, however, that Employer, on its own behalf and on behalf of any of the Employer Entities, and the Employers Entities shall be entitled to seek a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any breach or the continuation of any breach of the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 and Employee hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of Employer or any Employer Entity posting any bond. Each of the parties hereto agrees that such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Rules; provided that such arbitrator shall be experienced in deciding cases concerning the matter which is the subject of the dispute. Each of the parties agrees that in any such arbitration that pre-arbitration discovery shall be limited to the greatest extent provided by the Rules, that the award shall be made in writing no more than 30 days following the end of the proceeding, that the arbitration shall not be conducted as a class action, that the arbitration award shall not include factual findings or conclusions of law. Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered on it in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto agrees to treat as confidential the results of any arbitration (including, without limitation, any findings of fact and/or law made by the arbitrator) and not to disclose such results to any unauthorized person. 7.8 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Employer, the Employer Entities, their respective successors in interest, and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of Employer and the Employer Entities by any means, whether indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Employer, other than in the case of Employees death. 7.9 This Agreement replaces and merges any previous agreements and discussions pertaining to the subject matter covered herein and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties (or any Employer Entity) with regard to the matters set forth herein. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement, oral or written, has been made by either party with respect to the matters set forth herein which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement, statement, or promise relating to the employment of Employee by Employer or any Employer Entity that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. This Agreement may not be amended orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, Employer may, solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, modify the terms of this Agreement if it is determined that such terms would subject any payments or benefits hereunder to the additional tax and/or interest assessed under Section 409A of the Code. 7.10 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties respective rights and obligations under Articles 3, 4, 5, 6, and this Article 7 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Employees employment for any reason whatsoever. 

7.11 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 7.12 Employee hereby represents to Employer that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and Employer and the performance by Employee of Employee duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or otherwise bound. 7.13 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to be in an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 7.14 For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(i). Acquisition Target shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. Annual Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Benefit Plans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.2. Bonus Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Business shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. AMS shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7. COBRA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). COBRA Contribution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Compensation Committee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Continuation Benefits shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Employer shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 

Employer Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(i). Employer Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. Employer Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). LTIP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Non-Compete Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Notice Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). Permanent Disability shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(iv). Prior Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Rules shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. Separation from Service shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Separate Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(ii). Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Specified Employee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Subsequent Employer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. Target Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. Termination In Connection With A Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(i). Work Product shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. Date of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. EEOC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(c) of Annex A. Employment Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Releasees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) of Annex A. [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee have duly executed this Agreement in multiple originals to be effective as of the Effective Date. EMPLOYER ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: /s/ Mark M. Manno | Name: Mark M. Manno Title: Executive VP, General Counsel & Secretary EMPLOYEE /s/ Daniel E. Horn | Daniel E. Horn 

ANNEX A SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE THIS SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the Agreement) is made as of this _____ day of ___________, _____, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Daniel E. Horn (Executive). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in that certain Employment Agreement dated as of __________, 202__ between Executive and the Company (as amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement). WHEREAS, the Company advises Executive to consult with Executives own legal counsel before signing this Agreement; and WHEREAS, Executive formerly was employed by the Company as ____________ and by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AMS), as an employee of AMS; and WHEREAS, the Company employed Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement, which provides for certain payments and benefits in the event that Executives employment is terminated under certain circumstances; and WHEREAS, an express condition of Executives entitlement to the payments and benefits under the Employment Agreement is the execution of a general release in the form set forth below; and WHEREAS, Executives employment has been terminated effective _____________ ____, ____ (Date of Termination). NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED by and between Executive and the Company as follows: 1.(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Executive, for and in consideration of the commitments of the Company as set forth in paragraph 5 of this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, does hereby REMISE, RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Employer Entities (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and their affiliates, predecessors, subsidiaries and parents, and their present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents, and its and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators and the current and former trustees or administrators of any pension or other benefit plan applicable to the employees or former employees of the Company or any Employer Entity (collectively, Releasees) from all causes of action, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which Executive ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, whether known or unknown, or which Executives heirs, executors, or administrators may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from any time prior to the date of this Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing general terms, any 

claims arising from or relating in any way to Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and/or their subsidiaries or affiliates, the terms and conditions of that employment relationship, and the termination of that employment relationship, including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Equal Pay Act, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any other claims under any federal, state or local common law, statutory, or regulatory provision, now or hereafter recognized, and any claims for attorneys fees and costs; provided, that Executive does not release or discharge the Releasees from (i) any rights to any payments, benefits or reimbursements due to Executive under Sections 3.5 or 3.8 of the Employment Agreement; (ii) any rights of Executive to indemnification under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company; (iii) any rights to any accrued and vested benefits (including any vested equity-based awards) due to Executive under any employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained by the Company; or (iv) any rights under the Section 4999 Agreement. This Agreement is effective without regard to the legal nature of the claims raised and without regard to whether any such claims are based upon tort, equity, implied or express contract or discrimination of any sort. This release is intended to be a general release, and excludes only those claims expressly set forth herein or that Executive cannot release as a matter of law under any statute or common law. Executive is advised to seek independent legal counsel if Executive seeks clarification on the scope of this release. (b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of paragraph 10 and paragraph 12 below, Executive represents and affirms that Executive has not filed or caused to be filed on Executives behalf any charge, complaint or claim for relief against the Company or any Releasee that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement and, to the best of Executives knowledge and belief, no outstanding charges, complaints or claims for relief that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement have been filed or asserted against the Company or any Releasee on Executives behalf. In the event that there is outstanding any such charge, complaint or claim for relief, Executive agrees to seek its immediate withdrawal and dismissal with prejudice. In the event that for any reason said charge, complaint or claim for relief cannot be withdrawn, Executive shall not voluntarily testify, provide documents or otherwise participate in any investigation or litigation arising therefrom or associated therewith and shall execute such other papers or documents as the Companys counsel determines may be necessary to have said charge, complaint or claim for relief dismissed with prejudice. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from testifying in any cause of action when required to do so by process of law. Executive shall promptly inform the Company if called upon to testify. (c) Executive does not waive any right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, but explicitly waives any right to file a personal lawsuit or receive monetary damages that the EEOC might recover if said charge results in an EEOC lawsuit against the Company or any Releasee. 

2. Executive acknowledges his obligation to comply with the restrictions described in Article 4 and Article 5 of the Employment Agreement. 3. Executive further agrees and recognizes that Executive has permanently and irrevocably severed Executives employment relationship with the Company and any Employer Entity, that Executive shall not seek employment with the Company or any Employer Entity at any time in the future, and that neither the Company nor any Employer Entity has any obligation to employ him in the future. Effective as of the Date of Termination, Executive resigned from and is removed from all boards and committees of the Company, the Employer Entities and their subsidiaries and affiliates on which Executive may have previously served. 4. Executive further agrees that Executive will not publicly disparage or subvert the Company or any Releasee, or make any public statement reflecting negatively on the Company, any Employer Entity, their subsidiaries or affiliated corporations or entities, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to the operation or management of the Company or any Releasee, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. The Company agrees that Company will instruct its executive officers and directors to not publicly disparage or subvert Executive or make any public statement reflecting negatively on Executive, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to Executives performance, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. 5. In consideration for Executives promises, as set forth herein, the Company agrees to pay or provide to or for Executive the payments and benefits described in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. Except as set forth in this Agreement and subject to the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph 1, it is expressly agreed and understood that the Company and Releasees do not have, and will not have, any obligations to provide Executive at any time in the future with any payments, benefits or considerations other than those recited in this paragraph, or those required by law. 6. Executive understands and agrees that the payments, benefits and agreements provided in this Agreement are being provided to him in consideration for Executives acceptance and execution of, and in reliance upon Executives representations in, this Agreement. Executive agrees that absent execution without revocation of this Agreement containing a release of all claims against the Releasees, Executive is not entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. 7. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the Employment Agreement supersede any employment agreement or offer Executive has with the Company or any Releasee. To the extent Executive has entered into any other enforceable written agreement with the Company or any Releasee that contains provisions that are outside the scope of this Agreement and the Employment Agreement and are not in direct conflict with the provisions in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, the terms in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement shall not supersede, but shall be in addition to, any other such agreement. Except as set forth expressly herein, no promises or representations have been made to Executive in connection with the termination of Executives Employment Agreement, if any, or offer letter, if any, with the Company, or the terms of this Agreement. 

8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Executive from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Executive may do so without notifying the Company. Neither the Company nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Executive for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Executive to waive any monetary award or other payment that Executive might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Executive from notifying the Company that Executive is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Executive and the Company further acknowledge and agree that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 9. Executive represents that Executive does not, without the Companys prior written consent, presently have in Executives possession any records and business documents, whether on computer or hard copy, and other materials (including but not limited to computer disks and tapes, computer programs and software, office keys, correspondence, files, customer lists, technical information, customer information, pricing information, business strategies and plans, sales records and all copies thereof) (collectively, the Corporate Records) provided by the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates or obtained as a result of Executives prior employment with the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates, or created by Executive while employed by or rendering services to the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive acknowledges that all such Corporate Records are the property of the Company. In addition, Executive shall promptly return in good condition any and all Company owned equipment or property, including, but not limited to, automobiles, personal data assistants, facsimile machines, copy machines, pagers, credit cards, cellular telephone equipment, business cards, laptops, computers, and any other items requested by the Company. As of the Date of Termination, the Company will make arrangements to remove, terminate or transfer any and all business communication lines including network access, cellular phone, fax line and other business numbers. 10. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from: (i) making any disclosure of information required by law; (ii) providing information to, or testifying or 

otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Companys designated legal, compliance or human resources officers; or (iii) filing, testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud, or any rule or regulation of the SEC or any self-regulatory organization. 11. The parties agree and acknowledge that the agreement by the Company described herein, and the settlement and termination of any asserted or unasserted claims against the Releasees, are not and shall not be construed to be an admission of any violation of any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or of any duty owed by any of the Releasees to Executive. 12. Executive agrees and recognizes that should Executive breach any of the obligations or covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Company will have no further obligation to provide Executive with the consideration set forth herein, and will have the right to seek repayment of all consideration paid up to the time of any such breach. Further, Executive acknowledges in the event of a breach of this Agreement, Releasees may seek any and all appropriate relief for any such breach, including equitable relief and/or money damages, attorneys fees and costs. 13. Executive further agrees that the Company shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages, as well as to an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from any violations of this Agreement, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. The dispute resolution provisions set forth in Section 7.7 of the Employment Agreement apply to any dispute regarding the termination of Executives employment, and any dispute related to and/or arising under this Agreement, including without limitation any challenge Executive may make regarding the validity of this Agreement. 14. This Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 15. Jurisdiction and venue in any proceeding by the Company or Executive to enforce their rights hereunder is specifically limited to any court geographically located in Bristol, Tennessee. 16. Executive certifies and acknowledges as follows: (a) That Executive has read the terms of this Agreement, and that Executive understands its terms and effects, including the fact that Executive has agreed to RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Releasees from any legal action arising out of Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and the termination of that employment relationship; and (b) That Executive has signed this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly in exchange for the consideration described herein, which Executive acknowledges is adequate and satisfactory to him and which Executive acknowledges is in addition to any other benefits to which Executive is otherwise entitled; and (c) That Executive has been and is hereby advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement; and 

(d) That Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed; and (e) That the Company has provided Executive with a period of [twenty-one (21)] or [forty-five (45)] days within which to consider this Agreement, and that Executive has signed on the date indicated below after concluding that this Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release is satisfactory to Executive; and (f) Executive acknowledges that this Agreement may be revoked by him within seven (7) days after execution, and it shall not become effective until the expiration of such seven (7) day revocation period. In the event of a timely revocation by Executive, this Agreement will be deemed null and void and the Company will have no obligations hereunder. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Intending to be legally bound hereby, Executive and the Company executed the foregoing Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release this ______ day of ______________, _____. Witness: Daniel E. Horn ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: Witness: Name: Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 31, 2025, MARK M. MANNO
<TEXT>
exhibit105mannoemploymen

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (Agreement), dated and effective this 31st day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Employer), and Mark M. Manno (Employee). Defined terms used herein are set forth in Section 7.14. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Employer has employed Employee as its EVP, General Counsel & Secretary since June 1, 2024, and as an employee of Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC (AMS); and WHEREAS, Employee agrees to continue to be employed by Employer on and after the Effective Date pursuant to the terms and conditions contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, Employer and Employee agree as follows: ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES: 1.1 Employer agrees to, and agrees to cause AMS to, continue to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to continue to be employed hereunder, for a term (the Term) beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing through the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Term shall remain in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions set forth herein, and shall be automatically extended for successive twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides written notice to the other at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then current Term of such partys election not to extend the Term. 1.2 Employee shall serve as EVP, General Counsel & Secretary of Employer, shall be employed by AMS as an employee of AMS. Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of Employer (the CEO). Employee shall serve in the assigned positions or in such other executive capacities as may be agreed to, from time to time, between Employee and Employer, the CEO, the Employers Board of Directors (Board of Directors), and/or the Employer Entities (as defined below). Employee agrees to perform diligently and to the best of Employees abilities, and in a trustworthy, businesslike and efficient manner, the duties and services pertaining to such positions as reasonably determined by Employer, the CEO, AMS and the Board of Directors, as well as such additional or different duties and services appropriate to such positions which Employee from time to time may be reasonably directed to perform by the CEO, the Board of Directors, AMS and/or Employer. 1.3 Employee shall at all times comply in all material respects with, and be subject to, such policies and procedures as Employer and/or the Employer Entities may establish from time to time, including, without limitation, Employers Code of Business Ethics and any policy relating to sexual harassment (each, an Employer Policy). Employee agrees (i) to abide by any compensation recovery, recoupment, anti-hedging, anti-pledging, stock ownership, or other policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; (ii) that any such cash-or equity-based incentive compensation granted will be subject to any compensation recovery or recoupment 

policy applicable to executives of Employer and its affiliates that is adopted by the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) to adhere to the intent of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley), or other applicable law, as advised to the Board of Directors in a written opinion (including via e-mail correspondence) from Employers legal counsel; and (iii) that the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically and unilaterally amended to the minimum extent necessary to ensure compliance by Employee and this Agreement with such policies, the Dodd-Frank Act, Sarbanes-Oxley, and any other applicable law. 1.4 Except as expressly approved by the CEO and the Board of Directors, Employee shall, during the period of Employees employment hereunder, devote Employees full business time, energy, and best efforts to the business and affairs of Employer, AMS and the Employer Entities. Employee may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business, investment, or activity that interferes with Employees performance of Employees duties hereunder, is contrary to the interest of Employer, AMS or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates (each such subsidiary or affiliate, together with AMS, an Employer Entity, or collectively, the Employer Entities) or requires any significant portion of Employees business time. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Employee may engage in passive personal investments which do not conflict with the business and affairs of Employer or any of the Employer Entities or interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder. Employee may not serve on the board of directors of any entity (other than an Employer Entity, related industry trade association, public institution, government appointed public or quasi-public body, or not-for-profit charitable organization so long as such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with Employees performance of his duties hereunder) during the Term without prior approval by the CEO and the Board of Directors. 1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee owes a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of Employer and the Employer Entities and to do no act which, directly or indirectly, injures or would reasonably be expected to injure any such entitys business, interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial activities, which interest would adversely affect Employer, or any Employer Entity, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with Employees fiduciary duties to Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee agrees that Employee shall not knowingly become involved in a conflict of interest with Employer or any Employer Entity, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to continue. 1.6 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to preclude the transfer by Employer or AMS of Employees employment to another Employer Entity (Subsequent Employer) as of, or at any time after, the Effective Date and no such transfer shall be deemed to be a termination of employment for purposes of Article 3 hereof; provided, however, that, effective with such transfer, all obligations of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assumed by and be binding upon, and all rights of Employer and AMS hereunder shall be assigned to, such Subsequent Employer and the defined terms Employer and AMS as used herein and any other terms referring and/or relating to Employer or AMS shall thereafter be deemed amended to mean and refer to such Subsequent Employer. Except as otherwise provided above, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation, 

Employees rights, compensation, benefits and obligations, shall remain in all material respects and taken as a whole, no less favorable to Employee following such transfer of employment. ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: 2.1 Employees base salary during the Term shall be $500,000.00 per annum (Base Salary) which shall be paid in accordance with Employers standard payroll practice. Employees Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) and may be increased, in the Compensation Committees sole discretion, from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1st of each calendar year during the Term, Employees Base Salary shall automatically be increased by five percent (5%). Such increased base salary shall become the minimum Base Salary under this Agreement and may not be decreased thereafter without the written consent of Employee unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 2.2 Commencing with the 2025 calendar year and for each calendar year thereafter during the Term, Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual cash performance bonus (an Annual Bonus), to the extent earned based on performance against performance criteria established for each calendar year by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the terms of Employers Annual Incentive Bonus Plan (as may be amended or superseded from time to time, the Bonus Plan). Employees Annual Bonus opportunity for a calendar year shall equal 100% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if target levels of performance for that year are achieved (the Target Bonus), and shall equal 200% of Employees Base Salary for that calendar year if maximum levels or above of performance for that year are achieved. Employees Annual Bonus for a calendar year shall be determined by the Compensation Committee after the end of the applicable calendar year and shall be paid to Employee when annual bonuses for that calendar year are paid to other senior executives of Employer generally, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates. Subject to the terms of the Bonus Plan, to the extent that performance levels for a given calendar year are achieved below any applicable threshold levels, Employee shall not be entitled to receive any Annual Bonus for such year, and to the extent that performance levels are achieved between performance levels, the amount of Employees Annual Bonus for such year shall be calculated on a pro rata basis by the Compensation Committee. 2.3 Employee will continue to participate in Employers 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended or restated from time to time, the LTIP) at a target of 200% of annual base salary, in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. 2.4 Employee will be entitled to the use of a company vehicle in accordance with Employers company vehicle usage policies. 2.5 Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation in each calendar year which may be used in accordance with Employers vacation policy as in effect from time to time. Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by Employer to its executive officers generally. 2.6 During the Term, Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all actual, reasonable and customary expenses incurred by Employee in the course of his employment; provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with Employers 

applicable policies and procedures. In addition, Employer shall reimburse Employee in an amount not to exceed $15,000, for reasonable, documented legal fees and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by Employee in the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 2.7 While employed hereunder, Employee shall be eligible to participate in, subject to, and on the same terms generally as other employees of Employer, all general employee benefit plans and programs which are made available by Employer to Employers similarly situated employees. 2.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, it is specifically understood and agreed that the Employer Entities shall not be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any incentive, employee benefit or stock or stock option program or plan. 2.9 Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive or other compensation paid to Employee pursuant to this Agreement or any other plan, policy, program, or agreement or arrangement of or with Employer that is subject to clawback or other similar recovery under Employer Policy, applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as any of the same may be in effect from time to time, will be subject to such clawback or other recovery as may be required thereunder. 2.10 Any compensation, benefits, or other amounts payable under this Agreement shall be subject to withholding for all federal, state, city, or other taxes as may be required pursuant to any applicable law or governmental regulation or ruling. 2.11 All references to Employer in this Article 2 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 3: TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND EFFECTS OF SUCH TERMINATION 3.1 Employees employment hereunder shall be terminated prior to the end of the Term: (i) upon the death of Employee, (ii) upon Employees Permanent Disability (as defined below), (iii) at any time by Employer upon written notice to Employee, (iv) by Employee without Good Reason (as defined below) upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to Employer (which notice period may be waived or shortened by Employer in its sole discretion without such action constituting Good Reason) or (v) by Employee for Good Reason upon written notice to Employer. Employee agrees and confirms that any termination of Employees employment pursuant to this Article 3 shall constitute, with no further action required, Employees resignation from any position that Employee holds as an employee, manager, agent or officer of, service provider to, or member of the board of directors of, Employer and any Employer Entity, each such resignation to be effective on the date of the termination of Employees employment hereunder. 

3.2 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of any of the following circumstances (i), (ii), or (iii), Employee shall be entitled to receive only the benefits set forth in Section 3.3 below: (i) Termination by Employer for Employer Cause. Termination of Employees employment for Employer Cause shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employer for any of the following: (a) Employees gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to this Agreement, (b) Employees conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, (x) a felony or (y) a crime involving moral turpitude, (c) Employee engaging in fraudulent or criminal activity, including misappropriation or embezzlement (whether or not prosecuted), (d) Employees material violation of any Employer Policy, (e) Employees breach of any provision of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, (f) Employees material breach of any other provision of this Agreement, provided that Employee has received written notice from Employer and been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), (g) any continuing or repeated failure or refusal by Employee to perform his material duties as requested by the Board of Directors after Employee has been afforded a reasonable opportunity (not to exceed thirty (30) days) to cure such breach (if capable of being cured), or (h) conduct by Employee which brings Employer and/or the Employer Entities into public disgrace or disrepute in any material respect. Determination as to whether or not Employer Cause exists for termination of Employees employment will be made by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. (ii) Termination by Employee by Resignation Other Than for Good Reason. Employees resignation, other than for Good Reason (as defined below), shall mean termination of Employees employment by Employees resignation of employment with Employer and any Employer Entity, but not including any termination of employment by Employee for Good Reason as described in Section 3.4(i) or a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control (as defined below) by Employee described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Election Not to Renew Term by Employee. Employee elects not to renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1 of this Agreement. 3.3 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(i), 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall be entitled to the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to: (a) any Base Salary earned, accrued or owing to Employee through the effective date of termination of employment, (b) reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.6 for all reasonable and customary accrued but unpaid expenses incurred by Employee prior to the effective date of termination of employment and (c) accrued and vested amounts and benefits to which Employee may be entitled under the employee benefit plans of any Employer Entity in accordance with the terms thereof, if any (collectively, the Accrued Obligations). (ii) In the event that Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.2(ii) or 3.2(iii), Employee shall also be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 

(iii) Except for the Accrued Obligations and any payments described in Section 3.3(ii), it is specifically understood that all future compensation to which Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible, shall cease and terminate as of the effective date of termination of employment. 3.4 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) below, and, in the case of (i) and (ii), other than a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control, as otherwise provided in Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.5 or Section 3.6, as applicable. In addition, Employees participation in the Key Employee Separation Plan (KESP) shall terminate effective as of the Effective Date, and all benefits for termination of Employees employment shall be solely governed by this Agreement. (i) Termination by Employee for Good Reason (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employee for Good Reason shall mean a termination of Employees employment by Employee with Employer and any Employer Entity as a result of the occurrence, without Employees written consent, of one of the following events: (a) a material reduction in Employees (1) annual Base Salary or (2) Target Bonus opportunity (unless such reduction in (1) and/or (2) relates to an across-the-board reduction similarly affecting Employee and all or substantially all other executives of Employer); (b) Employer makes or causes to be made a material adverse change in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities which results in a material diminution in Employees position, authority, duties or responsibilities, including, without limitation, Employee being required to report to any person other than the CEO, except in connection with a termination of Employees employment with any Employer Entity for Permanent Disability, Employer Cause, death, or temporarily as a result of Employees incapacity or other absence for an extended period; (c) a relocation of Employers principal place of business, or of Employees own office as assigned to Employee by any Employer Entity, to a location that increases Employees normal work commute by more than fifty (50) miles; or (d) an acquiror in a Change in Control (as defined in Section 3.7, below) fails to assume this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the following terms: (1) the acquirors assumption of this Agreement must be a closing condition to such Change in Control, (2) such assumption must be in writing and contractually effective immediately as of the closing of such Change in Control, and (3) such assumption must extend the Term to the three (3) year anniversary from the Closing of such Change in Control, subject to renewals thereafter in accordance with Section 1.1. In order for Employee to terminate for Good Reason, (a) the CEO must be notified by Employee in writing within ninety (90) days of the event constituting Good Reason becoming known to Employee, (b) the event must remain uncorrected by the applicable Employer Entity for thirty (30) days following such notice (the Notice Period), and (c) such termination must occur within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Notice Period; provided, however, that the foregoing procedure set forth in this sentence shall not apply to, and not be required with respect to, any Good Reason set forth in Section 3.4(i)(d) (i.e., acquiror failing to assume this Agreement in a Change in Control pursuant to the requirements of Section 3.4(i)(d)). (ii) Employer Termination Without Employer Cause (Other Than A Termination In Connection With A Change in Control). Termination of Employees employment by Employer for any reason other than for Employer Cause, including, without limitation, termination by Employer or resignation by Employee as a result of Employers election not to 

renew the Term pursuant to Section 1.1, but not including a Termination In Connection With A Change in Control by Employer described in Section 3.6(i). (iii) Death. Termination due to the death of Employee. (iv) Termination due to Employees Permanent Disability. Termination of Employees employment for Permanent Disability shall mean a termination of Employees employment due to Employee having a physical or mental incapacity to perform his usual duties with such condition likely to remain continuously and permanently as determined by Employer. 3.5 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.6(i), Section 3.8, and Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated by Employee under Section 3.4(i) or by Employer under Section 3.4(ii), Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of: (a) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination of employment plus (b) one and one-half (1.5) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination of employment occurs plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, such compensation shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, be paid to Employee in equal installments in accordance with Employers customary payroll practices commencing with the first pay period following the effective date of termination of employment and ending on the 24- month anniversary of the effective date of such termination of employment, provided that Employers obligation to make any further payments of such amount shall cease on the date Employee violates any of the covenants set forth in Article 4 or Article 5 hereof; provided further that, notwithstanding installment payments to the contrary, Employer shall take all efforts to pay compensation provided in Section 3.5(i)(a), (b) and (c) in the form of a lump sum payment to the extent such would not cause an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A (e.g., amount subject to short-term deferral rule, amount within 2 times the Section 401(a)(17) limit, amount not exceeding the Section 402(g) limit, etc.). (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 3.4(i) or Section 3.4(ii), as the case may be, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employee's date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (v) To the extent permitted by applicable law and the insurance and benefits policies in which Employee is entitled to participate (collectively, Benefit Plans), Employer or AMS, as applicable, shall maintain Employees paid coverage for health and dental insurance (through the payment or reimbursement of Employees COBRA premiums) and life insurance benefits (through the reimbursement of Employees premiums upon conversion to individual policy) for the earliest to occur of: (a) Employee obtaining the age of 65, (b) the date Employee is eligible to participate in another employers group health plan (which Employee must provide prompt notice with respect thereto to Employer), or (c) the expiration of the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below). During the applicable period of coverage described in the foregoing sentence, Employee shall be entitled to benefits, on substantially the same basis as would have otherwise been provided had Employee not been terminated and neither Employer nor AMS, as applicable, will have any obligation to pay any benefits to, or premiums on behalf of, Employee after such period ends. The COBRA Continuation Period for medical and dental insurance under this Section 3.5(v) shall be deemed to run concurrent with the continuation period federally mandated by COBRA (generally eighteen (18) months). For purposes of this Agreement, (a) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and (b) COBRA Continuation Period shall mean the continuation period for medical and dental insurance to be provided under the terms of this Agreement which shall commence on the first day of the calendar month following the month in which the date of termination falls and shall continue for an eighteen (18) month period. Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement of life insurance premiums as provided in this Section 3.5(v) to the extent such expense is actually incurred for the applicable calendar year and reasonably substantiated. Any such reimbursement shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such expense is incurred by Employee. The benefits under this Section 3.5(v) shall be referred to as the Continuation Benefits. 3.6 If Employees employment is terminated by reason of Section 3.4(iii) or (iv), Employees estate, in the case of death, or Employee (or his legal guardian), in the case of Permanent Disability, shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. (ii) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits (other than, in the case of Employees death, life insurance benefits). (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. 3.7 Involuntary Termination In Connection with a Change in Control. In the event Employees employment is terminated at the request of an acquiror of Employer during the 90- day period immediately preceding a Change in Control, or on or within the one-year period immediately following a Change in Control (a Termination In Connection With A Change In Control) by: (i) Employee for Good Reason or (ii) Employer other than for Employer Cause, 

Employee shall be entitled to receive the benefits set forth in Section 3.8. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the date of this Agreement: (a) any merger, consolidation or business combination in which the stockholders of Employer immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or business combination do not own at least a majority of the outstanding equity interests of the surviving parent entity, (b) the sale of all or substantially all of Employers assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to a person entity that is not an Affiliate of Employer, (c) the acquisition of beneficial ownership or control of (including, without limitation, power to vote) a majority of the outstanding common stock of Employer by any person or entity (including a group as defined by or under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than (1) any employee plan established by Employer or any subsidiary, (2) Employer or any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (4) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of Employer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Employer, or (d) a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who were directors of Employer before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 3.8 Subject to the provisions of Section 3.9, if Employees employment is terminated pursuant to Section 3.7, Employee shall be entitled to each of the following: (i) Employer shall pay to Employee an amount equal to the sum of (a) two (2) times Employees Base Salary in effect as of the effective date of termination, plus (b) two (2) times Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of the termination occurs; plus (c) Employees Target Bonus for the year in which the effective date of termination occurs, prorated to reflect the portion of such year that the Employee was employed by Employer. Except as otherwise provided herein, and subject to Section 7.2, such compensation shall be paid to Employee in a lump sum payment within the seven-day period immediately following satisfaction of the timing requirements set forth in Section 3.9, below. (ii) With respect to any outstanding equity awards or cash-based long-term incentive awards made by the Employer or any of the Employer Entities upon a termination of an Employee's employment with the Employer or any of the Employer Entities, (1) the service condition applicable to any stock options, restricted stock and other equity and cash-based rights held by the Employee will fully vest as of Employees effective date of termination of employment, and all stock options held by Employee shall remain exercisable until the earlier to occur of: (a) the expiration date of the applicable option term or (b) the one (1) year anniversary of the Employees date of termination of employment; and (2) the performance condition applicable to any service-vested awards held by the Employee that are also subject to performance-vesting conditions will be pro-rated based on the period of time that the Employee was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities during the applicable vesting period of such award and will settle at target levels on Employees date of termination of employment. (iii) Employee shall be entitled to receive any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation earned and accrued but not yet paid, but due and payable under Employers plans for years prior to the year of Employees termination of employment. (iv) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations. 

(v) Employee shall be entitled to receive the Continuation Benefits. 3.9 The severance benefits paid and provided to Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall be in consideration of Employees continuing obligations hereunder after such termination of employment, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. Further, as a condition to the receipt of any such severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations, Employer shall require Employee to first execute a release, in substantially the form attached hereto as Annex A, releasing Employer and all other Employer Entities, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from any and all claims and from any and all causes of action of any kind or character, including, but not limited to, all claims and causes of action arising out of Employees employment with Employer and any other Employer Entities or the termination of such employment. The release must be executed by Employee by no later than the 60th day following Employees termination of employment; provided that if the sixty (60) day period begins in one taxable year and ends in the following taxable year, such payments shall not commence until such following taxable year. If Employee fails or otherwise refuses to execute a release within the time specified herein, or revokes the release during the revocation period defined therein, Employee will not be entitled to any such severance benefits and Employer shall have no further obligations with respect to the payment of the severance benefits, other than the Accrued Obligations. The performance of Employers obligations under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 and the receipt of the severance benefit provided thereunder by Employee shall constitute full settlement of all such claims and causes of action. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or accept other employment following a termination of employment pursuant to which a severance benefit payment or benefit under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 is owing and the amounts and benefits due Employee pursuant to Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 shall not be reduced or suspended, except as otherwise provided, if Employee accepts subsequent employment or earns any amounts as a self-employed individual, provided, however that in the event Employee breaches any of Employees obligations under Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, then, in addition to Employers right to specific performance pursuant to Section 5.5 or any other rights that Employer or each Employer Entity may have under this Agreement or otherwise, Employer and each Employer Entity shall have the right to terminate payment of any amounts or benefits to which Employee would otherwise be entitled pursuant to this Article 3. Employees rights under Section 3.3, Section 3.5 and/or Section 3.8 are Employees sole and exclusive rights against Employer, or any Employer Entity, and Employers sole and exclusive liability to Employee under this Agreement, whether such claim is based in contract, tort or otherwise, for the termination of his employment relationship hereunder. Employee agrees that all disputes relating to Employees employment or termination of employment shall be resolved through the dispute resolution provisions provided in Section 7.7 hereof; provided, however, that decisions as to whether there is Employer Cause for termination of the employment relationship with Employee and whether and as of what date Employee has become Permanently Disabled shall be limited to whether such decision was reached in good faith. Nothing contained in this Article 3 shall be construed to be a waiver by Employee of any benefits accrued for or due to Employee under any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) maintained by Employer or AMS, except that Employee shall not be entitled to any severance benefits pursuant to any severance plan or program of Employer and/or the Employer Entities except as outlined in this Agreement. 

3.10 For the avoidance of doubt, Employee shall not be a participant in Employers KESP, and Employee shall not be entitled to any severance or similar benefits in connection with a termination of his employment except as set forth in this Agreement. 3.11 Termination of the employment relationship does not terminate those obligations imposed by this Agreement, which are continuing obligations, including, without limitation, Employees obligations under Article 4 and Article 5. 3.12 The payment of any monies to Employee under this Agreement after the date of termination of employment does not constitute an offer or a continuation of employment of Employee. In no event shall Employee represent or hold himself out to be an employee of Employer or any Employer Entity after the effective date of termination of employment. Except where any Employer Entity is lawfully required to withhold any federal, state, or local taxes, Employee shall be responsible for any and all federal, state, or local taxes that arise out of any payments to Employee hereunder. 3.13 During any period during which any monies are being paid to Employee under this Agreement after the effective date of termination of employment, Employee shall provide to Employer and any Employer Entity reasonable levels of assistance in answering questions concerning the business of Employer and any Employer Entity, transition of responsibility, or litigation. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all out-of-pocket expenses of Employee reasonably incurred in connection with such assistance in accordance with Employers expense reimbursement policy. Any such assistance after the effective date of termination of employment shall be scheduled so as not to unreasonably interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may owe to any subsequent employer. 3.14 All references to Employer in this Article 3 shall, as the context may require, refer to AMS for purposes of paying and providing to Employee any applicable compensation and benefits under this Article 2. ARTICLE 4: OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: 4.1 All information, ideas, concepts, innovations, developments, methods, processes, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, discoveries and inventions and all improvements to any of the foregoing, whether or not patentable or reduced to practice, which are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Employee in whole or in part, individually or in conjunction with others, during Employees employment by Employer or any of the Employer Entities, both before and after the date hereof (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on Employers premises or otherwise) which relate to the business, products or services of Employer or the Employer Entities (including, without limitation, all such information relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names, marks, and any copyrightable work, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights (whether or not composing confidential information, and all writings or materials of any type embodying any of such items) (collectively, Work Product), shall be the sole and exclusive property of 

Employer or any Employer Entity, as the case may be, and shall be treated as work made for hire to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the U.S. Copyright Act. If, for any reason, any Work Product shall not legally be a work made for hire and/or ownership of any Work Product does not automatically accrue to Employer or another Employer Entity, as applicable, then Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to assign any and all of Employees right, title and interest thereto, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed, to Employer, and Employer shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner determined by Employer without any further payment to Employee whatsoever. To the extent Employee has any right, title or interest in any Work Product that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably exclusively licenses such Work Product to Employer. Without limiting the foregoing, it is recognized that Employee is an experienced executive in the business of Employer and the Employer Entities, and through several decades of work in such business prior to his employment by Employer has acquired and retains knowledge, contacts, and information which are not covered by this Article 4. 4.2 Employee shall promptly and fully disclose all Work Product to Employer and shall cooperate and perform all actions reasonably requested by Employer (whether during or after the Term) to establish, confirm and protect Employers and/or the Employer Entities right, title and interest in such Work Product. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee agrees to assist Employer, at Employers expense, to secure Employers and the Employer Entities rights in the Work Product in any and all countries, including the execution by Employee of all applications and all other instruments and documents which Employer and/or the Employer Entities shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain rights in such Work Product. If Employer is unable because of Employees mental or physical incapacity or for any other reason (including Employees refusal to do so after request therefor is made by Employer) to secure Employees signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any registrations covering Work Product belonging to Employer and/or the Employer Entities pursuant to Section 4.1 above, then Employee by this Agreement irrevocably designates and appoints Employer and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employees agent and attorney-in-fact to act for and in Employees behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee. Employees obligations to assist Employer and/or the Employer Entities with respect to Work Product as set forth herein shall continue beyond the termination of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entities. Employee agrees not to apply for or pursue any application for any registrations covering any Work Product other than pursuant to this Section 4.2. 4.3 Employee acknowledges that the businesses of Employer and the Employer Entities are highly competitive and that their strategies, methods, books, records, and documents, their technical information concerning their products, equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial data) concerning their former, present or prospective customers and business affiliates, all comprise confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special, and unique assets which Employer and/or the Employer Entities use in their business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. Employee further acknowledges that protection of such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized 

disclosure and use is of critical importance to Employer and the Employer Entities in maintaining their competitive position. Employee acknowledges that by reason of Employees duties to, and association with, Employer and the Employer Entities, Employee has had and will have access to, and has and will become informed of, confidential business information which is a competitive asset of Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee hereby agrees that Employee will not, at any time during or after his employment by any Employer Entity, make any unauthorized disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his employment responsibilities hereunder. Employee shall take all necessary and appropriate steps to safeguard confidential business information and protect it against disclosure, misappropriation, misuse, loss and theft. Confidential business information shall not include information in the public domain (but only if the same becomes part of the public domain through a means other than a disclosure prohibited hereunder). The above notwithstanding, a disclosure shall not be unauthorized if (i) it is required by law or by a court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) it is in connection with any judicial, arbitration, dispute resolution or other legal proceeding in which Employees legal rights and obligations as an employee or under this Agreement are at issue; provided, however, that Employee shall, to the extent practicable and lawful in any such events, give prior notice to Employer of his intent to disclose any such confidential business information in such context so as to allow Employer or an Employer Entity an opportunity (which Employee will not oppose) to obtain such protective orders or similar relief with respect thereto as may be deemed appropriate. 4.4 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Employee from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Employee may do so without notifying Employer. Neither Employer nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Employee to waive any monetary award or other payment that Employee might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Employee from notifying Employer that Employee is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Employee and Employer acknowledge and agree that Employee shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Employee and Employer further acknowledge and agree that if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by Employer or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

4.5 All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or coming into the possession of, Employee during the period of Employees employment by Employer or any Employer Entity which contain or disclose confidential business information or trade secrets of Employer or the Employer Entities, or which relate to Employees Work Product described in Section 4.1 above, shall be and remain the property of Employer, or the Employer Entities, as the case may be. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason or upon the request of Employer, Employee shall promptly deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to Employer. ARTICLE 5: COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE: 5.1 In consideration of the compensation to be paid to Employee under this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment, he has and will become familiar with Employers and the Employer Entities trade secrets, business plans and business strategies and with other confidential business information concerning Employer and the Employer Entities and that Employees services have been and shall be of special, unique and extraordinary value to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee also acknowledges that in the course of his employment he had and will have access to Employers and the Employer Entities relationships and goodwill with their customers, distributors, suppliers and employees. In light of Employees value to, and knowledge of, Employer, the Employer Entities, and the Business (as defined below) and Employees compensation pursuant to this Agreement, Employee agrees that, during the Term and for a period of two (2) years following a termination of Employees employment for any reason (the Non-Compete Period), he will not, in association with or as an officer, principal, manager, member, advisor, agent, partner, director, material stockholder, employee or consultant of any corporation (or sub-unit, in the case of a diversified business) or other enterprise, entity or association, work on the acquisition or development of, or engage in any line of business, property or project which is, directly or indirectly, competitive with any business that Employer or any Employer Entity engages in during the Term, including but not limited to, the mining, processing, transportation, distribution, trading and sale of synfuel, coal and coal byproducts (collectively, the Business). Such restriction shall cover Employees activities anywhere in the states in the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term. 5.2 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not (i) solicit or induce (or attempt to induce) any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during such term or period or the six-month period prior to such solicitation or inducement to (A) interfere with the activities or businesses of Employer or any Employer Entity or (B) discontinue his or her employment with Employer or any of the Employer Entities, or (ii) hire directly or through another entity any person who is or was employed by Employer or any of the Employer Entities at any time during the six-month period prior to the date such person is to be so hired. 5.3 During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence any customers, distributors or suppliers of Employer or any of 

the Employer Entities to divert their business to any competitor of Employer or any Employer Entity or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such customer, distributor or supplier and Employer and/or any Employer Entity (including, without limitation, making any negative statements or communications about Employer or any Employer Entity). During the Non-Compete Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, acquire or attempt to acquire any business in any state in the United States or jurisdictions outside the United States in which Employer or any Employer Entity conducts operations during the Term, if during the Term, Employer or any Employer Entity has made an acquisition proposal relating to the possible acquisition of such business (such business, an Acquisition Target), or take any action to induce or attempt to induce any Acquisition Target to consummate any acquisition, investment or other similar transaction with any person or entity other than Employer or any Employer Entity. 5.4 Employee understands that the provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof may limit his ability to earn a livelihood in a business in which he is involved, but as a member of the management group of Employer and the Employer Entities he nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that: (i) such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of Employer and any of the Employer Entities; (ii) such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time, scope of activity, and geographical area to be restrained; and (iii) the consideration provided hereunder, including without limitation, any amounts or benefits provided under Article 3 hereof, is sufficient to compensate Employee for the restrictions contained in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 hereof. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Employees education, skills and abilities, Employee agrees that he will not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provisions of Sections 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 otherwise are void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 5.5 If, at the time of enforcement of Article 4 or Article 5 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope, or area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed and directed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. Employee acknowledges that he is a member of Employers and the Employer Entities management group with access to Employers and the Employer Entities confidential business information and his services are unique to Employer and the Employer Entities. Employee therefore agrees that the remedy at law for any breach by him of any of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article 4 and Article 5 will be inadequate and that in the event of any such breach, Employer and the Employer Entities may, in addition to the other remedies which may be available to them at law, apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to obtain specific performance and/or injunctive relief prohibiting Employee (together with all those persons associated with him) from the breach of such covenants and agreements and to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in the event of a breach or violation by Employee of this Article 5, the Non-Compete Period set forth in this Article 5 shall be tolled until such breach or violation has been cured. 5.6 Each of the covenants of this Article 5 are given by Employee as part of the consideration for this Agreement and as an inducement to Employer to enter into this Agreement and accept the obligations hereunder. 

5.7 If Employee materially breaches any obligation under Article 4 or Article 5 hereof, Employer shall provide written notice of such breach to Employee and (i) Employee shall pay to Employer, in cash, an amount equal to any and all payments paid to or on behalf of Employee under Article 3 of this Agreement and (ii) any equity or equity-based awards that are unvested as of the date of such breach or were entitled to accelerated vesting under Section 3.5(ii) or 3.8(ii) shall be immediately forfeited in their entirety. Employee agrees that failure to make such timely payment to Employer constitutes an independent and material breach of this Agreement by Employee, for which Employer may seek recovery of the unpaid amount as liquidated damages, in addition to all other rights and remedies Employer may have resulting from Employees breach of the obligations set forth in Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof. Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is reasonable and necessary because the damages that will result from a breach of Article 4 and/or Article 5 hereof cannot readily be ascertained. Further, Employee agrees that timely payment to Employer as set forth herein is not a penalty, and it does not preclude Employer from seeking all other remedies that may be available to Employer, including, without limitation, those set forth in this Article 5. ARTICLE 6: CODE SECTION 280G: 6.1 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Employee is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which Employee has the right to receive from Employer or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by Employee from Employer and/or such person(s) will be $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose solely by Employer with input from Employee (the 280G Firm), including the valuation of any non-compete for purposes of determining services to be rendered in the future. In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm will retain the services of an independent valuation expert. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from Employer (or its affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds $1.00 less than three (3) times Employees 

base amount, then Employee shall immediately repay such excess to Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require Employer to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, Employees excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. ARTICLE 7: MISCELLANEOUS: 7.1 For purposes of this Agreement, the terms affiliate or affiliates mean means any entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, Employer. 7.2 Section 409A. (i) The provisions of this Agreement will be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the regulations issued thereunder or any exception thereto (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted, or construed). (ii) For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder, including each severance installment payment, shall be treated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, each payment is intended to be excepted from Section 409A to the maximum extent provided under Section 409A. Employee shall have no right to designate the date of any payment hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of amounts upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, (x) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee during any calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee in any other calendar year, (y) the reimbursements for expenses for which Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred and (z) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. (iii) With respect to payments subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom), if any, it is intended that each payment is paid on permissible distribution event and at a specified time consistent with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that a payment hereunder is subject to Section 409A (and not excepted therefrom) and payable on account of a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be delayed for a period of six months after the date of such separation from service (or, if earlier, the death of Employee) if Employee is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A and determined in accordance with the procedures established by Employer). Any payment that would otherwise have been due or owing during such six-month period will be paid immediately following the end of the six-month 

period in the month following the month containing the 6-month anniversary of the date of separation from service. (iv) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Employee acknowledges and agrees that neither Employer nor any of the Employer Entities shall be liable for, and nothing provided or contained in this Agreement will be construed to obligate or cause Employer or any of the Employer Entities to be liable for, any tax, interest or penalties imposed on Employee related to or arising with respect to any violation of Section 409A. 7.3 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received by or tendered to Employee or Employer, as applicable, by pre-paid courier or by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: If to Employer: Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc. 340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. PO Box 848 Bristol, TN 37620 Attn: CEO If to Employee: To his last known personal residence 7.4 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced, in all respects, in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. 7.5 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 7.6 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the term, provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision, covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any extent, be construed to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision, covenant, or remedy shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its enforceability under applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those to which they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect. 7.7 It is the mutual intention of the parties to have any dispute concerning this Agreement resolved out of court. Accordingly, the parties agree that any such dispute shall, as the sole and exclusive remedy, be submitted for resolution, then pursuant to binding arbitration to be held in Bristol, Tennessee, in accordance with the employment arbitration rules (except as modified below) of the American Arbitration Association and with the Expedited Procedures 

thereof (collectively, the Rules); provided, however, that Employer, on its own behalf and on behalf of any of the Employer Entities, and the Employers Entities shall be entitled to seek a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any breach or the continuation of any breach of the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 and Employee hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of Employer or any Employer Entity posting any bond. Each of the parties hereto agrees that such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the Rules; provided that such arbitrator shall be experienced in deciding cases concerning the matter which is the subject of the dispute. Each of the parties agrees that in any such arbitration that pre-arbitration discovery shall be limited to the greatest extent provided by the Rules, that the award shall be made in writing no more than 30 days following the end of the proceeding, that the arbitration shall not be conducted as a class action, that the arbitration award shall not include factual findings or conclusions of law. Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and judgment may be entered on it in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto agrees to treat as confidential the results of any arbitration (including, without limitation, any findings of fact and/or law made by the arbitrator) and not to disclose such results to any unauthorized person. 7.8 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Employer, the Employer Entities, their respective successors in interest, and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire or succeed to all or substantially all of the business assets of Employer and the Employer Entities by any means, whether indirectly or directly, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise. Employees rights and obligations under this Agreement are personal and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Employer, other than in the case of Employees death. 7.9 This Agreement replaces and merges any previous agreements and discussions pertaining to the subject matter covered herein and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties (or any Employer Entity) with regard to the matters set forth herein. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement, oral or written, has been made by either party with respect to the matters set forth herein which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement, statement, or promise relating to the employment of Employee by Employer or any Employer Entity that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. This Agreement may not be amended orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, Employer may, solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, modify the terms of this Agreement if it is determined that such terms would subject any payments or benefits hereunder to the additional tax and/or interest assessed under Section 409A of the Code. 7.10 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties respective rights and obligations under Articles 3, 4, 5, 6, and this Article 7 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Employees employment for any reason whatsoever. 

7.11 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 7.12 Employee hereby represents to Employer that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and Employer and the performance by Employee of Employee duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or otherwise bound. 7.13 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall deemed to be in an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 7.14 For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(i). Acquisition Target shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. Annual Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Benefit Plans shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.2. Bonus Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Business shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. AMS shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.7. COBRA shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). COBRA Contribution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Compensation Committee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. Continuation Benefits shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(v). Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Employee shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Employer shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 

Employer Cause shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(i). Employer Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4. Employer Policy shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). LTIP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Non-Compete Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. Notice Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(i). Permanent Disability shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(iv). Prior Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph hereof. Rules shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.7. SEC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. Separation from Service shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Separate Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(ii). Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3. Specified Employee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(iii). Subsequent Employer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.6. Target Bonus shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. Termination In Connection With A Change In Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(i). Work Product shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. Date of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. EEOC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(c) of Annex A. Employment Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble of Annex A. Releasees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) of Annex A. [Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee have duly executed this Agreement in multiple originals to be effective as of the Effective Date. EMPLOYER ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: /s/ C. Andrew Eidson | Name: C. Andrew Eidson Title: Chief Executive Officer EMPLOYEE /s/ Mark M. Manno | Mark M. Manno 

ANNEX A SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE THIS SEPARATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the Agreement) is made as of this _____ day of ___________, _____, by and between Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Mark M. Manno (Executive). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in that certain Employment Agreement dated as of __________, 202__ between Executive and the Company (as amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement). WHEREAS, the Company advises Executive to consult with Executives own legal counsel before signing this Agreement; and WHEREAS, Executive formerly was employed by the Company as ____________ and by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Metallurgical Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AMS), as an employee of AMS; and WHEREAS, the Company employed Executive pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Employment Agreement, which provides for certain payments and benefits in the event that Executives employment is terminated under certain circumstances; and WHEREAS, an express condition of Executives entitlement to the payments and benefits under the Employment Agreement is the execution of a general release in the form set forth below; and WHEREAS, Executives employment has been terminated effective _____________ ____, ____ (Date of Termination). NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED by and between Executive and the Company as follows: 1.(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, Executive, for and in consideration of the commitments of the Company as set forth in paragraph 5 of this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, does hereby REMISE, RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Employer Entities (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and their affiliates, predecessors, subsidiaries and parents, and their present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents, and its and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators and the current and former trustees or administrators of any pension or other benefit plan applicable to the employees or former employees of the Company or any Employer Entity (collectively, Releasees) from all causes of action, suits, debts, claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity, which Executive ever had, now has, or hereafter may have, whether known or unknown, or which Executives heirs, executors, or administrators may have, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from any time prior to the date of this Agreement, and particularly, but without limitation of the foregoing general terms, any 

claims arising from or relating in any way to Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and/or their subsidiaries or affiliates, the terms and conditions of that employment relationship, and the termination of that employment relationship, including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, as amended, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Equal Pay Act, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, as amended, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any other claims under any federal, state or local common law, statutory, or regulatory provision, now or hereafter recognized, and any claims for attorneys fees and costs; provided, that Executive does not release or discharge the Releasees from (i) any rights to any payments, benefits or reimbursements due to Executive under Sections 3.5 or 3.8 of the Employment Agreement; (ii) any rights of Executive to indemnification under any applicable directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company; (iii) any rights to any accrued and vested benefits (including any vested equity-based awards) due to Executive under any employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained by the Company; or (iv) any rights under the Section 4999 Agreement. This Agreement is effective without regard to the legal nature of the claims raised and without regard to whether any such claims are based upon tort, equity, implied or express contract or discrimination of any sort. This release is intended to be a general release, and excludes only those claims expressly set forth herein or that Executive cannot release as a matter of law under any statute or common law. Executive is advised to seek independent legal counsel if Executive seeks clarification on the scope of this release. (b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of paragraph 10 and paragraph 12 below, Executive represents and affirms that Executive has not filed or caused to be filed on Executives behalf any charge, complaint or claim for relief against the Company or any Releasee that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement and, to the best of Executives knowledge and belief, no outstanding charges, complaints or claims for relief that would be barred by the terms of this Agreement have been filed or asserted against the Company or any Releasee on Executives behalf. In the event that there is outstanding any such charge, complaint or claim for relief, Executive agrees to seek its immediate withdrawal and dismissal with prejudice. In the event that for any reason said charge, complaint or claim for relief cannot be withdrawn, Executive shall not voluntarily testify, provide documents or otherwise participate in any investigation or litigation arising therefrom or associated therewith and shall execute such other papers or documents as the Companys counsel determines may be necessary to have said charge, complaint or claim for relief dismissed with prejudice. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from testifying in any cause of action when required to do so by process of law. Executive shall promptly inform the Company if called upon to testify. (c) Executive does not waive any right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, but explicitly waives any right to file a personal lawsuit or receive monetary damages that the EEOC might recover if said charge results in an EEOC lawsuit against the Company or any Releasee. 

2. Executive acknowledges his obligation to comply with the restrictions described in Article 4 and Article 5 of the Employment Agreement. 3. Executive further agrees and recognizes that Executive has permanently and irrevocably severed Executives employment relationship with the Company and any Employer Entity, that Executive shall not seek employment with the Company or any Employer Entity at any time in the future, and that neither the Company nor any Employer Entity has any obligation to employ him in the future. Effective as of the Date of Termination, Executive resigned from and is removed from all boards and committees of the Company, the Employer Entities and their subsidiaries and affiliates on which Executive may have previously served. 4. Executive further agrees that Executive will not publicly disparage or subvert the Company or any Releasee, or make any public statement reflecting negatively on the Company, any Employer Entity, their subsidiaries or affiliated corporations or entities, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to the operation or management of the Company or any Releasee, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. The Company agrees that Company will instruct its executive officers and directors to not publicly disparage or subvert Executive or make any public statement reflecting negatively on Executive, including, but not limited to, any matters relating to Executives performance, Executives employment and the termination of Executives employment, irrespective of the truthfulness or falsity of such statement. 5. In consideration for Executives promises, as set forth herein, the Company agrees to pay or provide to or for Executive the payments and benefits described in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. Except as set forth in this Agreement and subject to the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) of paragraph 1, it is expressly agreed and understood that the Company and Releasees do not have, and will not have, any obligations to provide Executive at any time in the future with any payments, benefits or considerations other than those recited in this paragraph, or those required by law. 6. Executive understands and agrees that the payments, benefits and agreements provided in this Agreement are being provided to him in consideration for Executives acceptance and execution of, and in reliance upon Executives representations in, this Agreement. Executive agrees that absent execution without revocation of this Agreement containing a release of all claims against the Releasees, Executive is not entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Sections 3.5 and 3.8 of the Employment Agreement. 7. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the Employment Agreement supersede any employment agreement or offer Executive has with the Company or any Releasee. To the extent Executive has entered into any other enforceable written agreement with the Company or any Releasee that contains provisions that are outside the scope of this Agreement and the Employment Agreement and are not in direct conflict with the provisions in this Agreement or the Employment Agreement, the terms in this Agreement and the Employment Agreement shall not supersede, but shall be in addition to, any other such agreement. Except as set forth expressly herein, no promises or representations have been made to Executive in connection with the termination of Executives Employment Agreement, if any, or offer letter, if any, with the Company, or the terms of this Agreement. 

8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive has the right under federal law to certain protections for cooperating with or reporting legal violations to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and/or its Office of the Whistleblower, as well as certain other governmental entities and self-regulatory organizations. As such, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits or limits Executive from disclosing this Agreement to, or from cooperating with or reporting violations to or initiating communications with, the SEC or any other such governmental entity or self-regulatory organization, and Executive may do so without notifying the Company. Neither the Company nor any Employer Entity may retaliate against Executive for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Executive to waive any monetary award or other payment that Executive might become entitled to from the SEC or any other governmental entity or self-regulatory organization. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise prohibits Executive from notifying the Company that Executive is going to make a report or disclosure to law enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of any trade secret that (i) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, Executive and the Company further acknowledge and agree that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any Employer Entity for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (x) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 9. Executive represents that Executive does not, without the Companys prior written consent, presently have in Executives possession any records and business documents, whether on computer or hard copy, and other materials (including but not limited to computer disks and tapes, computer programs and software, office keys, correspondence, files, customer lists, technical information, customer information, pricing information, business strategies and plans, sales records and all copies thereof) (collectively, the Corporate Records) provided by the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates or obtained as a result of Executives prior employment with the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates, or created by Executive while employed by or rendering services to the Company, any Employer Entity and/or their predecessors, subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive acknowledges that all such Corporate Records are the property of the Company. In addition, Executive shall promptly return in good condition any and all Company owned equipment or property, including, but not limited to, automobiles, personal data assistants, facsimile machines, copy machines, pagers, credit cards, cellular telephone equipment, business cards, laptops, computers, and any other items requested by the Company. As of the Date of Termination, the Company will make arrangements to remove, terminate or transfer any and all business communication lines including network access, cellular phone, fax line and other business numbers. 10. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from: (i) making any disclosure of information required by law; (ii) providing information to, or testifying or 

otherwise assisting in any investigation or proceeding brought by, any federal regulatory or law enforcement agency or legislative body, any self-regulatory organization, or the Companys designated legal, compliance or human resources officers; or (iii) filing, testifying, participating in or otherwise assisting in a proceeding relating to an alleged violation of any federal, state or municipal law relating to fraud, or any rule or regulation of the SEC or any self-regulatory organization. 11. The parties agree and acknowledge that the agreement by the Company described herein, and the settlement and termination of any asserted or unasserted claims against the Releasees, are not and shall not be construed to be an admission of any violation of any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or of any duty owed by any of the Releasees to Executive. 12. Executive agrees and recognizes that should Executive breach any of the obligations or covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Company will have no further obligation to provide Executive with the consideration set forth herein, and will have the right to seek repayment of all consideration paid up to the time of any such breach. Further, Executive acknowledges in the event of a breach of this Agreement, Releasees may seek any and all appropriate relief for any such breach, including equitable relief and/or money damages, attorneys fees and costs. 13. Executive further agrees that the Company shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of proving actual damages, as well as to an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from any violations of this Agreement, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be entitled. The dispute resolution provisions set forth in Section 7.7 of the Employment Agreement apply to any dispute regarding the termination of Executives employment, and any dispute related to and/or arising under this Agreement, including without limitation any challenge Executive may make regarding the validity of this Agreement. 14. This Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 15. Jurisdiction and venue in any proceeding by the Company or Executive to enforce their rights hereunder is specifically limited to any court geographically located in Bristol, Tennessee. 16. Executive certifies and acknowledges as follows: (a) That Executive has read the terms of this Agreement, and that Executive understands its terms and effects, including the fact that Executive has agreed to RELEASE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE the Company and the Releasees from any legal action arising out of Executives employment relationship with the Company or any Employer Entity and the termination of that employment relationship; and (b) That Executive has signed this Agreement voluntarily and knowingly in exchange for the consideration described herein, which Executive acknowledges is adequate and satisfactory to him and which Executive acknowledges is in addition to any other benefits to which Executive is otherwise entitled; and (c) That Executive has been and is hereby advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement; and 

(d) That Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed; and (e) That the Company has provided Executive with a period of [twenty-one (21)] or [forty-five (45)] days within which to consider this Agreement, and that Executive has signed on the date indicated below after concluding that this Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release is satisfactory to Executive; and (f) Executive acknowledges that this Agreement may be revoked by him within seven (7) days after execution, and it shall not become effective until the expiration of such seven (7) day revocation period. In the event of a timely revocation by Executive, this Agreement will be deemed null and void and the Company will have no obligations hereunder. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

Intending to be legally bound hereby, Executive and the Company executed the foregoing Separation of Employment Agreement and General Release this ______ day of ______________, _____. Witness: Mark M. Manno ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. By: Witness: Name: Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amr-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>amr-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>amr-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>exhibit101eidsonamendeda029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>exhibit102whiteheademplo029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>71
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>76
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>78
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>79
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>80
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>81
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>82
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>83
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>84
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>85
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>86
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>87
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>88
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>89
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>90
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>91
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>92
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>93
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>94
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>95
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>96
<FILENAME>exhibit103munseyemployme029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>97
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>98
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>99
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>100
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>101
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>102
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>103
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>104
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>105
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>106
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>107
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>108
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>109
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>110
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>111
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>112
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>113
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>114
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>115
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>116
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>117
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>118
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>119
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>120
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>121
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>122
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>123
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>124
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>125
<FILENAME>exhibit104hornemployment029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>126
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>127
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>128
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>129
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>130
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>131
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>132
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>133
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>134
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>135
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>136
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>137
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>138
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>139
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>140
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>141
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>142
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>143
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>144
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>145
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>146
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>147
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>148
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>149
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>150
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>151
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>152
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>153
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>154
<FILENAME>exhibit105mannoemploymen029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>156
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38735

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-3015061

Entity Address, Address Line One 340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Bristol

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37620

City Area Code 423

Local Phone Number 573-0300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol AMR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001704715

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>157
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>158
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>159
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>161
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.alphametresources.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

amr-20250131.htm 
amr-20250131.xsd 
amr-20250131_lab.xml 
amr-20250131_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>163
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>164
<FILENAME>0001704715-25-000003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>165
<FILENAME>amr-20250131_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001704715 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

false 
0001704715 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
ALPHA METALLURGICAL RESOURCES, INC. 
DE 
001-38735 
81-3015061 
340 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. 
Bristol 
TN 
37620 
423 
573-0300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
AMR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>