<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005706.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005706.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210173814
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005706
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250207
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIP Play, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				850738656
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56290
		FILM NUMBER:		25606886

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-783-9435

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KeyStar Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183216100018321612025-02-072025-02-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 7, 2025

VIP
Play, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-56290 85-0738656

(State
or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission
File Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

1645
Pine Tree Ln, Suite 2, Sarasota, Florida 34236

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (866)783-9435

n/a

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 7, 2025 (Effective Date), VIP Play, Inc., a Nevada corporation (us, we
or our) entered into a Player Account Management Services Agreement (the Agreement) with White
Hat Gaming Limited, a Malta corporation (White Hat), a provider of Internet-based interactive gaming services including
but not limited to the operation of a platform delivering player account management services.

The
Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions on which White Hat will provide us with certain services, including: (i) designing, developing
and supporting a desktop-formatted & mobile-device-formatted website, and native mobile application in both iOS and Android formats,
designed for enabling the registration of end users, an online account by end users and end users access and use of our sports
betting products and, to the extent applicable, games of chance; and (ii) the software and related technical development required in
order to seamlessly integrate a sports wagering system into White Hats proprietary player account management platform to support
our iGaming, mobile sports betting and other interactive gaming activities.

The
initial term of the Agreement is for four years from the first date on which any end user places a real-money deposit into his/her online
account on our gaming website or mobile gaming app created by White Hat pursuant to the Agreement. The Agreement shall automatically
be renewed for additional two-year renewal terms unless either party provides the other party not less than 180 days written notice
of its intent to terminate the Agreement before the last day of the initial term or, as applicable, the relevant renewal term.

The
terms of the Agreement call for an initial implementation fee payable in two equal installments, the first within 30 days from the Effective
Date and the second within 60 days from the Effective Date. We are also required to pay White Hat two separate monthly fees. One is a
flat maintenance fee, and the other is a fee based on a percentage of our annual net gaming revenue calculated monthly on a progressive
basis.

The
above is a summary of the material terms of the Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. This summary may not contain all of the information
about the Agreement that is important to you. We urge you to read the Agreement in its entirety carefully.

2

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1* Player Account Management Services Agreement made on February 7, 2025 and between VIP Play, Inc. and White Hat Gaming Limited

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Certain
portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 10, 2025 VIP PLAY, INC.

By: /s/
James Mackey

James
Mackey, CFO

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED
FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED.
[****] INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS BEEN REDACTED.

(1) WHITE HAT GAMING
LIMITED

-
and -

(2) VIP PLAY, INC.

PLAYER ACCOUNT
MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS PLAYER ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT
is made on the date of the last signature of the Parties (the Effective Date)

BETWEEN:

(1) WHITE HAT GAMING LIMITED a company incorporated and registered in Malta with company number C73232
and whose registered office is at 85 St John, Valetta VLT1165, Malta (WHG); and

(2) VIP PLAY, INC., f/k/a KeyStar Corp., a corporation incorporated and registered in the State of
Nevada in the United States of America with entity number E6075522020-4 and whose registered office is at 701 S Carson St., Ste 200, Carson
City, NV, 89701, USA (the Customer),

each a Party
and together the Parties.

WHEREAS:

(A) WHG is a provider of Internet-based interactive gaming services including but not limited to the operation
of a platform delivering Player Account Management services.

(B) The Customer and its Affiliates wish to provide online gambling services to End Users (as defined at clause
1.1) located in regulated markets including but not limited to sports betting and casino games.

(C) WHG and the Customer have entered into this Agreement to set out the terms and conditions on which WHG
shall provide the Customer and its Affiliates with PAM Services including the provision of (i) the Gaming Site (as defined at clause 1.1);
and (ii) the software and related technical development required in order to seamlessly integrate the Sports Wagering System (as defined
at clause 1.1) into WHGs PAM Platform (as defined at clause 1.1) to support the Customers iGaming, mobile sports betting
and other interactive gaming activities. Such technical integration shall enable End Users logged into the PAM Platform to, inter alia,
access and stake wagers on the Games (as defined at clause 1.1) and seamlessly login to the Sports Wagering System for the submission
of sports bets and processing and settlement of those bets.

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 The following definitions and rules of interpretation apply in this Agreement:

Additional State
means any State within the United States of America that is not an Initial State and that is nominated by the Customer and approved by
WHG in accordance with clause 9.1 pursuant to which the Gaming Site shall be made available.

Affiliates means
in the case of Customer, Keystar TN LLC and any other entity directly or indirectly Controlled by Customer, or under common Control with
Customer who WHG agrees in writing may be classified as an Affiliate for the purposes of this Agreement. In the case of WHG it means any
Person or entity directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control of WHG.

1 

For purposes of this definition, the
term control shall mean the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of the person or entity, whether by voting, management authority, contract, or otherwise.

Agreement means
this Player Account Management Services Agreement and its schedules, as may be amended from time to time pursuant to its terms.

Applicable Law(s)
means any applicable statute, law, regulation, ordinance, rule, judgment, rule of law, order, decree, requirement, or other governmental
restriction or any similar form of decision of, or any provision or condition of any permit, license, or other operating authorization
(including any governmental approval) issued under any of the foregoing by any Government Entity having or asserting jurisdiction over
the matter or matters in question, whether now or in the future and in each case as amended, interpreted and enforced at the relevant
time, including all applicable laws from time to time in force in the Territory.

Approved Deductions[****].

Approved Host Provider
means a third-party that is approved by both Parties to provide the Data Warehouse. For the avoidance of doubt, Continent 8 Technologies
is an Approved Host Provider.

AWS means Amazon
Web Services, Inc. or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries.

AWS Outpost(s)
means the hub server which is the physical server in the Initial State and spokes which are physical servers in one or more Additional
States.

Bonus Deductions
means (i) any sign-up bonuses, retention bonuses, free or comped contests and tournament entry fees, or comped tournament dollars, redeemable
vouchers, cash credits, free wagers, free spins, free bets, or other monetary inducements awarded to End Users by the Customer in respect
of the Gaming Site that can be redeemed for goods, cash, or bonuses in the End Users Online Account for future plays on or otherwise
withdrawn from the End Users Online Account by End Users.

Brand Features
means Customers UI, all designs, design elements, branding, logos, marks, user interface, content, or other brand elements or features
provided by Customer or any of its Affiliates to WHG for use on and/or in relation to the Gaming Site pursuant to the rights granted at
clause 6.1, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein.

Business Day means
any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any federal government holiday in the United States of America.

Certification Costs
means the pass-through costs incurred by WHG on behalf of the Customer to the extent required to certify the Gaming Site (including any
recurring and/or renewal costs), including but not limited to the following: (i) certification(s) required to be carried out by a third-party
testing house and/or Gaming Authority (or other competent authority) as a result of any technical functionality or features required by
the Customer; (ii) certification(s) required as a result of Customers nomination of an Additional State (including any renewal
costs for Initial Sates and/or Additional States); (iii) third-party annual security audits carried out in the Initial State and any Additional
States (the cost of which shall be pro-rated in any State where the Customer is part of a multi-tenant arrangement with WHG); and (iv)
third party testing laboratory costs for integrating any Third Party Tools including but not limited to content providers, know your customer
(KYC) providers and payment processors.

2 

Change of Control
means the sale of all or substantially all the assets of a Party or its direct or indirect parent entity(s); any merger, consolidation
or acquisition of a Party or its direct or indirect parent entity(s) with, by or into another corporation, entity or person whereby ultimate
Control of such Party changes; the ownership of the voting securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of a Party or its direct
or indirect parent entity(s) is acquired by any person or entity or group of persons and/or entities in one or more related transactions;
the right or ability to appoint or control at least a majority (equal or greater than 50%) of the board of directors or other similar
governing body that oversees a Party or its direct or indirect parent entity(s) is obtained by any person or entity or group of persons
and/or entities in one or more related transactions; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control as a result
of an internal reorganization where the ultimate Control remains with the same entities or persons, will not be deemed a Change of Control
for purposes of this Agreement.

Chargebacks means
the full cost without mark-up of deposits or wagers made by End Users on the Gaming Site, using a credit/debit card, an ACH transfer or
any other payment method that are later refunded (whether at the request of an End User, a card holder, an account holder, a Governmental
Entity, a bank, including, but not limited to, an issuing bank or merchant bank, or a payment processor), plus any additional so-called
chargeback fees levied by a bank, a credit/debit card issuer or payment processor for such credit reversal, less any funds recovered from
the relevant End User balance.

Claims means any
claim, action, suit or proceeding brought by a third party, regulatory enforcement action, or notice of violation from any governmental
entity, including a Gaming Authority.

Competitor means
any business that directly offers, within the U.S., any type of business-to-consumer online/mobile real money wagering (including, without
limitation, casino styled games or sports wagering).

Confidential Information
means all non-public knowledge, information, or materials of whatever nature and in whatever form (whether oral or written) relating to
the disclosing party, any of its Affiliates or the business carried on by any of them from time to time and made available or provided
by or on behalf of the disclosing party or any of its Affiliates to the receiving party, whether before or after the Effective Date and
whether or not marked or otherwise designated as confidential at the time of disclosure, that a reasonable person would understand from
the nature and circumstances surrounding such disclosure to be confidential in nature, and all analyses and other documents prepared by
or for the receiving party to the extent containing such non-public knowledge, information, or materials. Confidential Information includes,
without limitation, the terms of this Agreement, Transaction Data, Traffic Data, Customer IP and WHG IP (in each case to the extent not
subject to an exception set forth in Section 16.3 and:

(i) proprietary technology and products including inventions (whether patentable or not), technical data,
data record layouts, trade secrets, know-how, research, prototypes, improvements, processes, plans, designs, requirements, architecture,
structures, models, methods, processes, product plans, databases and database tables, ideas or concepts, products, services, software,
inventions, techniques, processes, developments, algorithms, formulas, technology, designs, schematics, drawings, engineering and hardware
configuration information; and

(ii) business or financial statements and projections, product pricing and marketing, financial or other strategic
business plans, subscriber numbers and forecasts, content providers and business models.

3 

Custom Development
means any Development works carried out by WHG at the request of the Customer in accordance with clause 8.

Customer Content
means content (such as logos, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, or text) owned by or licensed to
the Customer, its Affiliates, or their agents and provided to WHG for incorporation into a Custom Development or the Gaming Site.

Customer Information
means the Personal Information, Transaction Data, Traffic Data, Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information owned or provided
by the Customer, which WHG has access to, obtains, uses, maintains or otherwise processes in connection with the provision of the PAM
Services.

Customer IP means
all Intellectual Property Rights owned by or licensed to Customer, whether in existence prior to the Effective Date or developed during
the Term, including, without limitation, the Customer Content, the Customer UI and other Brand Features (but excluding WHG IP).

Customer UI means
the graphical user interface of the Gaming Site as provided at Schedule 6.

Data Warehouse
means the database servers and related devices to be physically located and installed in the Hosting Facility which communicates with
the Hardware Platform for data logging purposes, and to the extent necessary to provide the PAM Services are managed, operated and maintained
by WHG or a relevant third party provider such as Amazon Web Services (as applicable) in order to ensure all requisite data generated
by the PAM Platform can be recovered in the event of a disaster affecting the Hosting Facility and/or Hardware Platform.

Delivery Manager
means those representatives of each Party whose role is dedicated to the delivery of each Partys respective obligations under this
Agreement.

Development means
any development, improvement, addition, augmentation, alteration, modification, version, release, and/or derivation carried out by WHG,
including any management time, which shall include but not be limited to the augmentation of the Hardware Platform or Data Warehouse,
implementation of design improvement, functional development or content development works to the Gaming Site, development to the Online
Account, development of database querying tools/reports, any migration related work, or the development of new fiscal/operational reports
for the Management Information System.

Documentation means
service descriptions, product descriptions, manuals, training materials, instructions, and drawings provided or published by WHG that
relate to the PAM Services and PAM Platform and the implementation, use, operation, features, functionality, capabilities and maintenance
thereof.

4 

Effective Date
means the date on which the last Party signs this Agreement.

End User means
an individual user who: (i) has registered as a player/user on the Gaming Site; and (ii) has accepted the terms of use of the Gaming Site.

Exclusive Region
means the United States of America, excluding the State of Florida.

Fees means the
Platform Fee, the Minimum Revenue Guarantee, the Monthly Maintenance Fee, the Certification Costs, and the Licensing Costs.

First Year means
the twelve Monthly Periods following the Initial Launch Date.

Force Majeure Event
means any act, event, omission, or accident beyond the reasonable control of a Party, including, to the extent that these are beyond such
control, nuclear accident, or acts of God, epidemic, pandemic, declared war, riot, fire, flood, storm, or telecommunications malfunction
or unavailability, except that:

(i) neither lack of funds nor a default or misconduct by any third party employed or engaged as an agent or
independent contractor by the Party claiming a Force Majeure Event shall be a cause beyond the reasonable control of that Party unless
caused by events or circumstances which are themselves a Force Majeure Event;

(ii) mere shortage of labor, materials, equipment, or supplies shall not constitute a Force Majeure Event unless
caused by events or circumstances which are themselves a Force Majeure Event; and

(iii) strikes, lockouts or other industrial disputes involving the work force of the Party claiming a Force
Majeure Event or of any of its subcontractors or suppliers shall not constitute a Force Majeure Event for the purposes of this Agreement.

Front End means
the graphical user interface of the Gaming Site containing various web pages or content comprised of text and graphics, technical functionality
and related features designed for enabling the registration of End Users, for creating and enabling access to End Users Online
Accounts, for accessing the Sportsbook and, if applicable, the Games, and the like.

Front End Services
means those services set out in Part B of Schedule 1.

Games means any
game of chance that is of a type of game that is played in casinos (including, but not limited to: roulette, baccarat, blackjack, craps,
big six wheel, keno, slot machines, mini-baccarat, red dog, pai gow, and sic bo), including any variations or composites of such games
belonging to WHG and/or the Nominated Content Providers as may be made available to End Users via the Gaming Site from time to time; for
the avoidance of doubt, iGaming games are considered Games.

Gaming Approval
means, as applicable, any and all required approvals, authorizations, licenses, permits, consents, findings of suitability, registrations,
clearances, exemptions, and waivers of or from any Gaming Authority, including those relating to the offering or conduct of gaming and
gambling activities, or the use of gaming devices, equipment, supplies, and associated equipment in the operation of a casino or other
gaming enterprise (including online gaming services) in the Territory.

5 

Gaming Authority
means, collectively, those federal, State, local, and other governmental, regulatory and administrative authorities, agencies, commissions,
boards, bodies and officials responsible for or involved in the regulation of gaming or gaming activities or the ownership of an interest
in any Person that conducts gaming in any jurisdiction in the Territory.

Gaming License
means the Operator Licenses and the Platform Provider License (as the case may be).

Gaming Site shall
mean a desktop-formatted & mobile-device-formatted website, and native mobile application in both iOS and Android formats, the Front
End of which shall be created by WHG for the Customer based on the Customer UI, containing various web pages or content comprised of text
and graphics, technical functionality and related features designed for enabling the registration of End Users, the Online Account, and
End Users access and use of the Sportsbook and, (to the extent applicable) the Games, and Internet or mobile gaming.

Gaming Tax means
any statutory gaming tax (federal or State) and/or any government fees and/or levies and gaming duties (if any) and/or any integrity fees
or league fees payable to professional and collegiate sports leagues or sports governing body or their designee, each incurred
in the Territory directly in relation to the provision of the Games and the Sportsbook but excluding (i) all corporation and capital taxes
or any other duties or taxes that do not specifically relate to the provision of the Games and the Sportsbook, and (ii) any gaming license
fees or costs payable in connection with any Gaming License.

Good Industry Practice
means the exercise of that degree of care, diligence, and skill which would reasonably and ordinarily be expected from a skilled, professional,
and experienced service provider in the same industry as WHG under the same or similar circumstances.

Governmental Entity
means any federal, tribal, State, local, or foreign government or any provincial, departmental or other political subdivision thereof,
or any entity, body or authority having or asserting executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, administrative, or other governmental
functions or any court, department, commission, board, bureau, agency, instrumentality, or administrative body of any of the foregoing,
including any Gaming Authority.

Gross Gaming Revenue
or GGR[****].

Hardware Platform
means the servers, operating system software and related hardware devices (including software and firmware embedded in such devices) that
are necessary to operate the PAM Platform and integrate the PAM Platform or the PAM Services with third party services and software in
accordance with this Agreement which shall: (i) be physically located and installed in the Hosting Facility, (ii) procured by WHG from
AWS, (iii) be owned by AWS, and (iv) to the extent necessary to provide the PAM Services, installed, configured, tested, managed, operated,
and maintained by WHG or a relevant third party provider of WHG such as AWS (as applicable).

6 

Hosting Facility
means the hosting facility procured by Customer in accordance with clause 3.2.

Hosting Infrastructure
means the Hardware Platform and the Data Warehouse.

Initial Implementation Fee
means the implementation fee detailed in clause 10.1.

Initial Launch Date
means the first date on which any End User places a real-money deposit into his/her Online Account on the Gaming Site.

Initial State(s)
means the State of Tennessee and West Virginia or any other State(s) as may be mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.

Intellectual Property Rights
means all intellectual property rights, including patents (pending or granted), rights to inventions, moral rights, supplementary protection
certificates, petty patents, utility models, inventions, know-how, trade secrets and other confidential information, registered designs,
copyrights and related rights, rights in computer software, database rights, design rights, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names,
business names, and trade names (in all cases whether or not the right is registered, and including applications and the right to apply
for registration of any such rights) and all rights and forms of protection of a similar nature or having similar effect to any of these
which may subsist anywhere in the world, in each case for their full term and together with any extensions or renewals and Intellectual
Property shall be construed accordingly.

Jackpot Contributions
means pooled or local jackpot contributions for selected Games (as applicable) less Jackpot Payouts.

Jackpot Payouts
means the total amount of Payouts paid to End Users in respect of pooled or local jackpots.

Kambi means Sports
Information Services Limited, a company incorporated and registered in Malta with company number C58381 and whose registered office is
at 3rd Floor, Quantum House, Abate Rigord Street, TaXbiex, Malta, XBX1120 and any of its affiliates.

Launch Plan means
the written plan to be agreed in writing between the Parties relating to the launch of the Gaming Site in accordance with clause 2.1 including
but not limited to the identity of the Initial State, the existing rebranded, WHG product inclusive of the Front End using the mutually
agreed Customer UI for iOS, Android, and Web to be made available on the Initial Launch Date, including mock ups and wire frames, development
and functionality roadmap, user acceptance testing criteria, and each Partys contributions, processes, testing, timelines, and
costs.

Licensing Costs
means all external costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred by WHG in the Territory in obtaining and maintaining a Gaming Approval
including but not limited to initial licensing fees, recurring fees, and any costs associated with complying with investigative proceedings.

7 

Losses means all
costs and expenses, losses, judgments, liabilities, obligations, damages, deficiencies, penalties, fines, (including reasonable fees and
expenses of attorneys or solicitors and other professionals) resulting directly from third party claims.

Managed Services
means the managed services to be provided by WHG where mutually agreed in consideration of the payment of fees by the Customer to WHG
for the provision of such managed services, with such managed services and the relevant fees to be mutually agreed in an addendum to this
Agreement.

Management Information System
means the web-based and password-protected information reporting system supplied by WHG forming part of the PAM Platform which can be
downloaded by the Customer.

Minimum Revenue Guarantee
means the monthly sum detailed and payable in accordance with clause 10.4.

Monthly Maintenance Fee
means the monthly maintenance fee detailed in clause 10.2.

Monthly Period
means each full calendar month.

Negative Rollover Balance
has the meaning given to it in clause 10.10.

Net Gaming Revenue
or NGR means Gross Gaming Revenue less[****] .

Nominated Content Provider
means any third-party provider of Games whose content is integrated with the PAM Platform.

Online Account
shall mean the account created within the Gaming Site and held by an End User within the PAM Platform.

Online Poker Software
means the online poker software owned and operated by Poker Service Provider including but not limited to provision of the online poker
games, table wagering and stake settlement, all requisite data feeds (including hand by hand breakdowns) together with any other required
tooling.

Operator License
means all approvals, authorizations, gaming licenses, transactional waivers, permits, consents, findings of suitability, registrations,
and clearances required and issued by the relevant Gaming Authority in relation to the interactive gaming operator services to be undertaken
by the Customer in the relevant State(s) within the Territory.

PAM Platform means
WHGs proprietary player account management platform, including all software and data therein, provided by WHG or made accessible
to Customer hereunder that: (i) will be used by the Customer to offer the Sportsbook and the Games to End Users; and (ii) will facilitate
back office functionality for the offering of the Gaming Site, such as player verification and registration, transaction
systems, accounting tools, reporting tools, customer support tools, content management, and bonusing tools and systems.

PAM Services means
those the services provided by WHG to Customer under this Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) the technical services provided
by WHG pursuant to this Agreement set out at Part A of Schedule 1; (ii) the Front End Services set out at Part B of Schedule 1; (iii)
the provision, maintenance, and support of the PAM Platform.

8 

Payouts means the
total of all sums actually paid out as winnings to End Users.

Person means any
individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, joint stock company, trust, joint venture, unincorporated
organization, or Governmental Entity.

Personal Information
means data defined as such in Schedule 2, including but not limited to any personal data submitted by End Users via the Gaming Site, which
are subject to, or intended to be subject to, processing by WHG for or on behalf of the Customer.

Platform Fee means
the monthly fee payable by the Customer to WHG in respect of the provision of the PAM Platform and the PAM Services which shall be calculated
and payable in accordance with clause 10.3.

Platform Provider License
means all approvals, authorizations, gaming licenses, transactional waivers, permits, consents, findings of suitability, registrations,
and clearances required and issued by the relevant Gaming Authority in relation to the provision of interactive gaming platform services
to be provided by WHG pursuant to this Agreement.

Poker Integration
means the integration of the Online Poker Software provided by the Poker Service Provider with the PAM Platform.

Poker Service Provider
means the provider of the Online Poker Software.

Promptly shall
mean as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event, within five (5) Business Days, after the relevant date or event.

Regulatory Fines
means any assessments, orders, penalties, fines, or settlement amounts imposed by or agreed with any Gaming Authority or other competent
authority.

Second Year means
the twelve Monthly Periods following the First Year.

Service Level Agreement
or SLA means the service level agreement forming part of this Agreement that is annexed at Schedule 3.

Sportsbook means
the sports betting products delivered via the Sports Wagering System and integrated with the PAM Platform in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement.

Sportsbook Integration
means the integration of the Sports Wagering System with the PAM Platform.

Sports Wagering Provider
means Kambi or any substitute provider mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties.

9 

Sports Wagering System
means the sports wagering system owned and operated by the Sports Wagering Provider including but not limited to bet submission and bet
settlement functionality, and all requisite data feeds together with all requisite trading tools.

Stakes means any
amount bet or otherwise wagered by an End User on the Gaming Site.

State means a state
within the United States of America.

Statement of Work
shall mean a written description of the project requested by the Customer in a form or format to be agreed and signed by the Parties from
time to time.

Subsequent Launch Date
shall mean, as applicable to each Additional State, the first date on which the Gaming Site is launch for public use in the Additional
State whereby an End User may place a wager on the Gaming Site while the End User is physically located in the Additional State.

Term has the meaning
given to it in clause 13.1.

Territory means
the Initial State(s) and, as applicable from time to time, any Additional State.

Third-Party Tools
means any software programs or applications that are not proprietary to WHG and may be integrated with the PAM Platform in accordance
with clause 7 and used in connection with the Gaming Site including, but not limited to, know your customer (KYC) service providers and
payment processors.

Third Year means
the twelve Monthly Periods following the Second Year.

Traffic Data means
data relating to an End Users use of the Gaming Site, whether aggregated or otherwise, including without limitation click-throughs,
use of links, conversion rates of visitors to customers, and such other information as the Customer may reasonably require as far as it
is available to WHG.

Transaction Data
means data (other than Personal Information) collected in relation to any activity on the Gaming Site and/or financial transaction made
by End Users.

Unsuitable means
a Person who (i) is required to obtain a Gaming Approval, and fails to be found suitable by any Gaming Authorities or for any such Gaming
Approval, (ii) is denied any Gaming Approval by any Gaming Authority, (iii) is disqualified from eligibility for any Gaming Approval by
a Gaming Authority, (iv) is determined by a Gaming Authority to be unsuitable to be affiliated with a Person engaged in gaming activities
in any jurisdiction, or (v) causes a Party or any of its Affiliates to lose or to be threatened with the loss of any Gaming Approvals
by a Gaming Authority; in each case a Person is only deemed Unsuitable on the basis of suitability as a result of impropriety and not
as a result of a restriction in the number of available Gaming Approvals or other non-propriety based disqualification criteria applied
by a Gaming Authority.

WHG IP means the
following and each of them: (i) the PAM Platform including the Management Information System; (ii) all software, works, inventions, discoveries,
technologies, documents or other material in any medium created by or on behalf of WHG in contemplation of and/or during the Term as a
direct or indirect result of performing any obligation under the Agreement or acceding to any commission or request made or placed by
the Customer on WHG (but excluding Custom Development for which ownership shall be managed in accordance with Clause 6.5) pursuant to
the Agreement; and (iii) all Developments and Custom Developments made by or on behalf of WHG except to the extent they contain Customer
IP, which shall be owned by the Customer or in connection with any of the foregoing.

10 

WHG Supplied Third Party Product
has the meaning given to it in clause 7.8.

Year means (i)
the period of 12 calendar Monthly Periods commencing on the Initial Launch Date, and (ii) each consecutive period of 12 calendar Monthly
Periods thereafter during the Term.

1.2 References to clauses and Schedules in this Agreement are to clauses of and schedules to this Agreement.

1.3 The headings to the clauses of this Agreement are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the
interpretation or construction thereof.

1.4 Reference to any statute or statutory provision includes a reference to that statute or statutory provision
as from time to time amended, extended or re-enacted.

1.5 Words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, words importing any gender shall
include all other genders, words importing persons shall include bodies corporate, unincorporated associations, and partnerships and vice
versa.

1.6 References to the whole shall include the part and vice versa.

2. LAUNCH PLAN AND DELIVERY

2.1 Following the Effective Date and for a period of two (2) months thereafter, the Parties shall work together
to prepare and agree on the Launch Plan for the Initial State(s).

2.2 Each Party shall use reasonable commercial efforts to perform each of its respective contributions under
the Launch Plan in accordance with the timescales and milestones set out therein.

2.3 Each Party shall act in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to take such action as is reasonably
required by the other Party to enable the requesting Party to fulfil its contributions under the Launch Plan.

2.4 Where WHG is required by Applicable Law to make a change to the PAM Platform prior to the Initial Launch
Date that would result in a material decrease to the functional and/or technical features of the PAM Platform, WHG shall Promptly notify
the Customer of such proposed change.

2.5 Each Party shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date, appoint a Delivery Manager
to ensure the timely and successful launch of the Gaming Site and to oversee the conduct of the Parties in respect of all matters relating
to the provision of the Gaming Site throughout the Term and whose responsibility it shall be to review and ensure the due and proper performance
by each Party of its contributions pursuant to this Agreement.

11 

2.6 Each Party shall ensure that its respective Delivery Manager shall attend a review meeting on a fortnightly
basis by telephone or video conference during the Term at a date and time agreed by the Delivery Managers (acting reasonably). Each such
meeting shall include general discussions as to the extent to which the contributions of the respective Parties are being met on time
and on budget, whether either party has awareness of any circumstances that could prevent project from being concluded on time and on
budget, and the remedial action (if any) that will be taken by the Parties. Nothing herein shall prevent either Party from requesting
an unscheduled meeting to discuss urgent matters on an as-needed basis, acting in good faith.

2.7 At the request of WHG, the Customer shall procure that a suitably qualified representative of Kambi, the
Customers initially selected Sports Wagering Provider, and, if the Customer has contracted with any Nominated Content Provider
and/or any provider of Third Party Tools, shall procure a suitably qualified representative of the Nominated Content Provider or provider
of Third-Party Tools to attend any review meeting where WHG deems it desirable and necessary for the purposes of discussing matters relating
to the Sports Wagering System and/or the Games and/or the provision of Third Party Tools.

2.8 In the event that Games:

2.8.1 are permitted under the Applicable Laws in the Territory;

2.8.2 the Customer notifies WHG in writing that it wishes to include Games as part of the Gaming Site;

2.8.3 WHG is permitted to make available those Games that may be offered;

2.8.4 the suppliers of the Games make the relevant APIs available to WHG in accordance with Good Industry Practice;
and

2.8.5 the Games are made available by the suppliers of the Games;

the Parties agree that WHG shall integrate
and make the Games available in a reasonable and timely manner (subject to payment of fees for Game integration in accordance with Clause
8) that, under Applicable Law, are permitted to be offered in such Territory, as well as providing for the integration of mutually agreed
third-party Games as provided in clause 7.

3. HARDWARE PLATFORM AND HOSTING

3.1 Subject to clauses 3.2 and 3.5, and at the Customers cost in accordance with Schedule 5, WHG shall
supply the Customer with AWS Outpost (Hardware Platform) and AWS Hub which shall include the following services in respect to the Initial
State(s) and any Additional States:

12 

3.1.1 procurement of all of the servers, networking devices, and other requisite physical hardware devices comprising
the Hardware Platform and support and maintenance plans on the same. Subject to and in compliance with the requirements of Applicable
Law, the Customer may elect (a) cloud based hosting where all Hosting Infrastructure is located in a Hosting Facility that is an AWS data
center or a hub and spoke hosting model where certain Hosting Infrastructure is located in a Hosting Facility that is an AWS data center
and the remaining Hosting Infrastructure is located in an Hosting Facility in the Territory(ies), and (b) to require WHG to supply dedicated
hardware or a multi-tenant solution (and, in the case of a multi-tenant solution, with nothing logically shared between WHGs customer
instances, but, rather, with each such instance having its own dedicated database and platform on shared hardware);

3.1.2 set up of all Hosting Infrastructure and configuration of the Hosting Infrastructure;

3.1.3 deployment of the Hardware Platform into suitable rack space within the Hosting Facility;

3.1.4 deployment of the Data Warehouse into suitable rack space within the Hosting Facility;

3.1.5 testing of the Hosting Infrastructure; and

3.1.6 notification that the Hosting Infrastructure has been successfully installed, tested, and prepared for
remote deployment of the PAM Platform by WHG.

3.2 Customer shall be solely responsible for procuring and contracting with an Approved Host Provider in relation
to provision of the Data Warehouse and relevant hosting services. All costs associated with the procurement and deployment of the Hosting
Infrastructure (including the Data Warehouse) shall be borne by the Customer which shall be charged to the Customer in accordance with
the estimated monthly fees shown at Schedule 5 and shall be payable by the Customer within twenty (20) days after receipt of an invoice
from WHG. In the event that another customer of WHG utilizes the Hosting Infrastructure or Hosting Facility in connection with the operation
of its own gaming operation, WHG shall fairly pro-rate such costs to reflect the benefit. All legal and beneficial title to the Hardware
Platform (and associated capital expenditure items) shall be vested in AWS.

3.3 In relation to the operation of the Hosting infrastructure, WHG shall (subject to clause 3.5) throughout
the Term maintain, monitor, operate and manage the Hosting Infrastructure in accordance with the SLA and shall have appropriate contractual
obligations with the provider of the Hosting Infrastructure to comply with Applicable Laws.

3.4 In the event that the Parties agree to upgrade the technical performance and/or technical capacity of
the Hosting Infrastructure in order to improve the operational performance and/or augment the technical capacity of the PAM Platform,
WHG shall undertake at the Customers cost, such material upgrade through selective procurement and/or replacement and/or addition
of all such hardware devices it reasonably believes are required in order to meet the requirements of the Customer. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, WHG must obtain the Customers approval (which the Customer shall not unreasonably withhold or delay) prior to upgrading
any AWS Outposts but shall not be required to obtain the Customers pre-approval to upgrade an AWS Hub.

13 

3.5 In the event the Customer controls physical and/or remote access to the Hosting Infrastructure, the Data
Warehouse, or the Hosting Facility, either as a result of regulatory requirements or otherwise, the Customer shall, provide WHG with such
physical and remote access to (and authorizations to access) the Hosting Infrastructure (including the Data Warehouse) and/or the Hosting
Facility, as WHG reasonably requires from time to time for the purposes of performing its obligations under this Agreement, including
but not limited to providing and maintaining all necessary permissions, approvals (including administrative privileges) and access from
the Approved Host Provider to an approved list of WHG employees so they can perform the obligations in Clauses 3.1.2 3.1.6 and
manage the Data Warehouse as if they were the Customer.

4. PARTIES OBLIGATIONS

WHG Obligations:

4.1 WHG shall:

4.1.1 ensure that the PAM Platform performs in accordance with the specifications outlined in Part A - Schedule
1 and Service Level Agreement;

4.1.2 perform its obligations and provide the PAM Services in accordance with Good Industry Practice and the
terms of this Agreement;

4.1.3 subject to the payment of the relevant fees by the Customer to WHG (as mutually agreed in an addendum)
for the provision of the Managed Services, provide the Managed Services where mutually agreed in a managed services addendum and in accordance
with such terms of the addendum, until terminated by the Customer in accordance with a mutually agreed managed services addendum, or until
termination or expiry of this Agreement;

4.1.4 ensure that the PAM Platform complies with Applicable Law in each jurisdiction within the Territory in
which the Gaming Site is launched;

4.1.5 ensure that the PAM Platform and other systems or equipment provided by WHG to the Customer shall be correctly
installed and configured in accordance with this Agreement;

4.1.6 use reasonable commercial efforts to meet the due dates set out in the Launch Plan to the extent that
such compliance is within WHGs control;

14 

4.1.7 comply with its obligations set forth in this Agreement including those set out in Schedule 2 in relation
to compliance with Privacy and Security Law; and

4.1.8 comply with Applicable Laws, regulatory requirements and industry standard information security and privacy
practices, including but not limited to, to the extent applicable, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).

4.2 In relation to the PAM Platform and in consideration of the Platform Fee, WHG shall supply the Customer
with the following services:

4.2.1 provision and configuration of the PAM Platform;

4.2.2 installation of the PAM Platform on the Hosting Infrastructure;

4.2.3 testing and configuration of the PAM Platform following installation on the Hosting Infrastructure in
order to ensure the PAM Platform is complete and delivered as required by the Customer;

4.2.4 subject to payment of the Certification Costs by Customer, certification that the PAM Platform has been
accredited, tested and certified by a reputable third-party software testing organization acceptable to the applicable Gaming Authority(ies)
for the purposes of ensuring compliance with the relevant Gaming Authoritys technical standards;

4.2.5 ongoing support and maintenance of the PAM Platform including the implementation of modifications, updates,
and upgrades as may be reasonably necessary in accordance with Good Industry Practice and the SLA;

4.2.6 provision of initial training (remotely wherever possible) to the extent reasonably required by the Customer
to ensure that its personnel are sufficiently proficient to utilize the PAM Platforms features including but not limited to the
development of marketing campaigns, the set-up and running of reports, and the integration of software developed by the Customer;

4.2.7 subject to payment of fees for Custom Development in accordance with Clause 8, ongoing reasonable cooperation
with the Customers third-party service providers, as requested by the Customer from time to time;

4.2.8 provision of training guides and an initial training session on the PAM Platform, along with recordings
of the training sessions;

4.2.9 the provision of all data and reporting information via the Management Information System as may be reasonably
required by the Customer to meet its operational requirements, such as key performance indicator (KPI) reporting; and

4.2.10 the provision of all data and reporting information via the Management Information System as may be reasonably
required by the Customer to meet its regulatory reporting requirements such as state revenue reporting.

15 

4.3 In relation to the Gaming Site, WHG shall provide the following services:

4.3.1 provision of the APIs (and all reasonably required documentation) to the Customer to enable the Customer
to integrate the Gaming Site with the PAM Platform if WHG is not responsible for the Gaming Site;

4.3.2 quality assurance testing of the Gaming Site following release onto the PAM Platform;

4.3.3 provide the Front End Services and redesign based on WHGs core Appbuild and development code (including
designs) of the Front End in readiness for the Initial Launch Date subject to payment of the Initial Implementation Fee; and

4.3.4 provide maintenance of the Front End subject to payment of the Monthly Maintenance Fee (which shall increase
each calendar year by an amount equivalent to any increase in the US CPI). Notwithstanding the foregoing, maintenance of the Front End
shall not cover any Custom Development which shall be subject to clause 8.

4.4 For all services and system enhancements in addition to the PAM Services requested by the Customer, WHG
shall (subject to the terms in clause 8) provide ongoing assistance to the Customer during the Term in respect of all documentation, financial,
management, operational or other non-technical administrative issues relating to the services provided by WHG to the Customer.

4.5 Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that Customers failure
to perform Customers obligations prevents WHG from timely performing the Services, WHG will be excused from its failure to timely
perform those PAM Services directly impacted by such Customer failure for the duration of Customers performance failure.

Customer Obligations:

4.6 The Customer shall ensure that it keeps WHG fully informed at all times of its prioritization of the development
of features and functionality to be developed by WHG in accordance with clause 8.

4.7 The Customer shall keep WHG informed of any Customers plans to request addition of Additional States
that it intends to trigger pursuant to clause 9.1 in order to provide WHG with as much time as is reasonably necessary to ensure that
the PAM Platform meets the technical standards of the relevant Additional State(s) and to ensure that it has obtained all necessary Gaming
Approvals in order to make the PAM Platform available in such Additional States.

16 

4.8 The Customer shall as soon as reasonably feasible following the Effective Date enter into a binding agreement
with its initial Sports Wagering Provider for the provision of the Sportsbook and shall inform WHG Promptly upon satisfaction of this
obligation. WHG has already fully integrated the Kambi sportsbook with the PAM Platform. Any additional costs associated with the Sportsbook
(including any bespoke work and bespoke development related to the Sportsbook) and any such arising obligations with Kambi will be the
sole responsibility of the Customer. Any failure to comply with this clause 4.8 shall constitute a material breach capable of termination
in accordance with clause 13.2.1. To the extent such bespoke work or bespoke development is required to be completed by WHG, the fees
resulting from such work or development and paid by the Customer shall be established by advance mutual agreement or subject to the applicable
rate card in Schedule 4.

4.9 To the extent the agreement between Customer and a Sports Wagering Provider terminates, Customer shall
secure a substitute provider of the Sports Wagering System and the Parties will discuss in good faith a timetable to complete the Sportsbook
Integration with respect to such substitute Sports Wagering System and, so long as WHG has not already integrated the PAM Platform with
such substitute Sports Wagering Provider, Customer shall request such integration work following the same procedure as that set out in
clause 8. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Parties agree to discuss appropriate amendments to this Agreement (including to any commercial
terms) to reflect Customers use of such substitute Sports Wagering System and for the purposes of ensuring that the commercial
benefit to WHG is not negatively impacted as a result of such change. WHG shall be permitted to terminate this Agreement immediately on
written notice, without liability, in the event the Parties cannot agree to such amendments within ninety (90) days. Any costs associated
with the Sportsbook and any such arising obligations with the Sports Wagering Provider are the sole responsibility of the Customer.

4.10 Except for WHG Supplied Third Party Products, the Customer shall throughout the Term be responsible for
entering into binding agreements with Nominated Content Providers for the licensing of the Games that it desires on the Gaming Site. The
Customer shall also be responsible for entering into binding agreements with suppliers of Third Party Tools for use in connection with
the PAM Platform and shall ensure that such agreements permit the integration of the Games and Third Party Tools with the PAM Platform
and/or the Gaming Site. Such Third Party Tools and Customer contracted Nominated Content Providers will be subject to mutual agreement.

4.11 [****].

4.12 [****].

4.13 Effective on the Customers payment of the Front End Purchase Fee, WHG shall automatically grant
to the Customer a fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, sub-licensable license to use any Intellectual Property Rights that are comprised
in the code of the Front End in order to access, use, copy, support, maintain, modify, distribute, sub-license, or otherwise exploit such
Intellectual Property Rights in connection with the operation of the Gaming Site. Upon Customers payment of the Front End Purchase
Fee, WHG shall provide a copy of the source code for the Front End to the Customer along with any supporting documentation or other materials
necessary for the Customer to exploit the rights it has licensed to the Front End. The Customer agrees and acknowledges that the source
code of the Front End shall continue to be wholly owned by WHG and WHG shall not be restricted from using the source code of the Front
End following the Front End Transition Date under any circumstances.

17 

5. REGULATORY MATTERS

5.1 Subject to clause 5.3, WHG shall ensure that the PAM Platform shall at all times during the Term be compatible
with and satisfy all the regulatory requirements of all Applicable Laws.

5.2 Each Party agrees to cooperate with the other in providing such information as each may reasonably require
in order to satisfy any information reporting, disclosure, and other related obligations to any applicable Gaming Authority or any other
competent authority from time to time. The obligations in this clause 5.2 will survive the expiry or termination of this Agreement for
a period of three (3) years from such expiry or termination.

5.3 The Parties acknowledge that the arrangements for the operation and provision of the Hosting Infrastructure,
the PAM Platform, Online Accounts, Gaming Site, the Sportsbook, and the Games may need to be materially altered during the Term as a direct
result of any future changes to the regulatory environment or Applicable Law in the Territory. In the event that such changes are necessary
which materially or adversely affect the commercial operation of this Agreement and/or the ability of either Party to continue to perform
its obligations under this Agreement, the Parties shall act in good faith and use all commercially reasonable efforts to mutually agree
on how to restructure the arrangements for the operation and provision of the Hosting Infrastructure, PAM Platform, Online Account, Gaming
Site, the Sportsbook, and the Games in the manner reasonably necessary for the Parties to perform their respective obligations under this
Agreement.

5.4 Each Party shall be responsible for obtaining the Gaming Approvals necessary to carry out its respective
obligations under this Agreement including cooperating with all Governmental Entities and using commercially reasonable efforts to comply
with all filing deadlines and any requests of a Governmental Entity. The Parties further agree to work together to identify issues, if
any and as applicable, which could affect the granting (or timing thereof) of any required Gaming Approval. If either Party identifies
any such issues, that Party, shall Promptly provide written notice to the other Party.

5.5 Each Party shall promptly provide the other Party with any notice, correspondence, or other information
received from any Gaming Authority or Governmental Entity that reasonably could have a material adverse impact on the PAM Platform or
a particular product or the provision of services under the PAM Platform.

5.6 Upon the request of either Party, the other Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts in assisting
and helping the requesting Party in connection with any license application process, including consulting with the relevant Gaming Authority,
and taking any actions reasonably required or necessary in order for the other Party to obtain the Gaming Approvals necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

18 

5.7 The Parties shall cooperate with any Governmental Entity that has proper jurisdiction over the PAM Platform,
the Gaming Site or a particular product or the provision of services under the PAM Platform contemplated under this Agreement, if there
is any bona fide request for information or investigation in relation to such services. In such event, the Party or its Affiliate that
is subject to the request for information or investigation shall (providing that they are not bound by a duty of confidentiality towards
the Governmental Entity making such request or conducting such investigation) Promptly give written notice to the other Party of such
request or investigation, providing reasonable details.

5.8 Each Party acknowledges that the other Party and its Affiliates conduct businesses that are subject to
and exist because of privileged licenses issued by Gaming Authorities. Each Party acknowledges that such Gaming Authorities may revoke,
suspend, limit, or restrict any registrant, licensee or person found suitable if associated with an Unsuitable Person or entity. Therefore,
each Party may conduct a background investigation on the other Party that would be reasonably necessary to satisfy requirements imposed
on that Party or any of its Affiliates by Gaming Authorities, at such requesting Partys expense.

5.9 The Customer warrants and represents to WHG that:

5.9.1 it and each of its Affiliates, shall maintain throughout the Term all Gaming Approvals and all other permissions,
gaming licenses and consents necessary to: (a) use the PAM Platform or a particular product (including the Gaming Site) or the provision
of services under the PAM Platform in the Territory or Territories as applicable, and (b) perform any marketing and promotional activities
it carries out in the Territory or Territories as applicable;

5.9.2 it and each of its Affiliates shall at all times conduct its business in accordance with Applicable Laws;
and

5.9.3 it shall Promptly notify WHG in the event of any changes to any Gaming Approval (including revocation
or suspension of any Gaming Approval) or any denial of an application for any Gaming Approval.

5.10 WHG warrants and represents to the Customer that:

5.10.1 subject to the occurrence of each Subsequent Launch Date, it and each of its Affiliates shall maintain
throughout the Term all Gaming Approvals with all applicable Gaming Authorities necessary to provide the PAM Platform or a particular
product or the provision of services under the PAM Platform to the Customer and its Affiliates in respect of its customers in the Territory;

5.10.2 it and each of its Affiliates shall at all times conduct its businesses in material accordance with Applicable
Laws;

5.10.3 it shall Promptly notify the Customer in the event of any changes to any Gaming Approval (including revocation
or suspension of any Gaming Approval);

19 

5.10.4 the PAM Platform does, and shall continue to, comply in all material respects with the Documentation and
the specifications outlined in Part A - Schedule 1; and

5.10.5 PAM Platform provides a single travelling wallet (inclusive of mobile), without need to complete a new
registration or switch mobile applications between Territories and each End User will have one single account where such End Users
cash, bonus (excluding limitations by third party content providers) and loyalty balances (subject to any third party limitations) seamlessly
transfer from one Territory to the next with full tracking and traceability in the applicable Territorys ledger accounts.

5.11 If either Party becomes aware of any change of Applicable Laws which may impact the legality of WHG providing
the PAM Platform or a particular product or the provision of services under the PAM Platform to the Customer or its Affiliates or the
Customer or its Affiliates making the Gaming Site available to End Users:

5.11.1 such Party shall, within Promptly after becoming aware of that change of Applicable Laws, provide written
notice and reasonable evidence of the change of Applicable Laws to the other Party and the known or anticipated impact of the change of
Applicable Laws; provided, however, that the failure to provide such written notice and reasonable evidence shall not excuse a breach
of this Agreement (a) by such Party giving notice, or (b) by such Party receiving the notice; and

5.11.2 the Parties shall discuss in good faith how best to proceed in respect of End Users who are located in
each affected State(s) and territory(ies) of Territory, including either Party obtaining any required Gaming Approval or preventing End
Users in each affected parts of the Territory from accessing the PAM Platform.

6. GRANT OF LICENSES AND EXCLUSIVITY

6.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Customer hereby grants to WHG:

6.1.1 during the Term, a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable worldwide, license
to use, reproduce, and display the Brand Features, Customer Content, and Customer Information solely for the purposes of complying with
WHGs obligations under this Agreement; and

6.1.2 during the Term, and for such period only as necessary to comply with any regulatory obligations to which
WHG is subject, a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide, license to use and process the Traffic
Data and Transaction Data solely for the purpose of fulfilling WHGs obligations under this Agreement.

6.2 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including payment of the Fees throughout the Term,
WHG hereby grants to the Customer and its Affiliate a limited (except as otherwise stated) non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable
(except in connection with a permitted assignment of this Agreement by Customer), non-sublicensable license to use the PAM Platform (and
the Intellectual Property Rights contained therein) solely within the Territory for the duration of the Term so that the Customer and/or
its Affiliate can make the Gaming Site available for use by End Users in the Territory.

20 

6.3 No rights are granted to the Customer and its Affiliates except as expressly set out in this Agreement
and WHG expressly reserves and retains any and all rights that are expressly excluded from or not expressly granted to the Customer and
its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement.

6.4 The Customer acknowledges that all rights in and to the WHG IP are the property of WHG or its licensors
and, except as expressly set out herein, the Customer does not have any interest or license in or to the WHG IP. In the event that any
such interest in the WHG IP is or becomes owned by the Customer, it shall hold the same as bare trustee for WHG and at WHGs cost
(if any) and shall, if so requested by WHG and at WHGs cost, Promptly and unconditionally take any step and/or execute any document
that is reasonably requested by WHG to confirm or give effect to this clause 6.4 and/or to evidence such interest, including any assignment
or waiver by any employee or agent of the Customer of any such Intellectual Property Right to or in favor of WHG.

6.5 Ownership of the Intellectual Property Rights in any Development specific to the PAM Platform shall be
owned exclusively by WHG and, upon completion of development, shall be deemed to constitute a part of the PAM Platform. Ownership of the
Intellectual Property Rights in any other Custom Development shall be agreed by the Parties (acting reasonably and in good faith) and
set out in the relevant Statement of Work. Except where otherwise agreed in a Statement of Work, Custom Development shall be owned by
WHG. To the extent that the relevant Statement of Work explicitly states that the Customer shall own such Custom Development (a Customer
Owned Deliverable), then, to the extent that any Customer Owned Deliverable is a copyrightable work, the Parties agree that
such work is a work made for hire for the Customer or its Affiliates under the U.S. Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101 et
seq.). WHG hereby irrevocably assigns, transfers and otherwise conveys to the Customer (or, if designated by the Customer, an Affiliate)
all right, title, and interest throughout the world in and to the Customer Owned Deliverables, including all Intellectual Property Rights
therein and thereto. The foregoing assignment to the Customer includes all Intellectual Property Rights, rights of attribution, paternity,
integrity, modification, disclosure and withdrawal, and any other rights throughout the world that may be known as or referred to as moral
rights, artists rights, droit moral, or the like (collectively, Creator Rights).
To the extent that Creator Rights cannot be assigned under Applicable Law, WHG (i) hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives and agrees
not to enforce the Creator Rights against the Customer and its Affiliates and consents to any action of the Customer and its Affiliates
that, in the absence of such consent and waiver, would violate any Creator Rights, and (ii) shall cause each Person assigned by WHG to
develop any of the Customer Owned Deliverables to do the same prior to delivery of any Customer Owned Deliverables to the Customer. Upon
the Customers request and at the Customers cost, WHG shall Promptly execute any assignment or similar document that is reasonably
requested by the Customer to confirm or give effect to this clause 6.5 or to otherwise evidence the Customers ownership of the
Customer Owned Deliverables. To the extent that any Custom Development is owned by the Customer, Customer hereby grants a worldwide, perpetual,
royalty free, sublicensable license for WHG to use the Custom Development for its own purposes.

21 

6.6 WHG acknowledges that all rights in and to the Traffic Data, Transaction Data, Personal Information, Customer
Information, Customer Content, Customer UI (and other Brand Features) are the property of the Customer, its Affiliates or its licensors
and, except as expressly set out herein, WHG does not have any interest or license in or to the Traffic Data, Transaction Data, Personal
Information, Customer Information, Customer Content, Customer UI or the other Brand Features. No rights are granted to WHG and its Affiliates
except as expressly set out in this Agreement and the Customer expressly reserves and retains any and all rights that are expressly excluded
from or not expressly granted to WHG and its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement.

6.7 [****]

7. SETUP & INTEGRATION

7.1 WHG represents and warrants that it has completed the development and testing of the Sportsbook Integration
with the Sports Wagering System provided by Kambi.

7.2 WHG shall use reasonable commercial efforts to carry out the necessary development to make available the
Front End and the PAM Platform in accordance with the timetable set out in the Launch Plan, subject to the Customer using reasonable efforts
to provide WHG with all necessary documentation, information, materials, and assistance to enable WHG to complete any required development
and/or testing.

7.3 WHG shall notify the Customer of any issues arising in relation to the completion of the Sportsbook Integration
and the Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that initial Sports Wagering Provider provide WHG with all necessary co-operation and
assistance to successfully complete the Sportsbook Integration. If any delay in completing the Sportsbook Integration in accordance with
the due dates set out in the Launch Plan occurs at the request of, or because of the acts or omissions of, the Customer, a Customer third
party service provider, and/or its initial Sports Wagering Provider, then such dates shall be amended to take account of such delay.

7.4 WHG shall notify the Customer on completion of the Sportsbook Integration and the Parties technical
representatives shall correspond as soon as reasonably possible.

7.5 WHG shall perform such acceptance or other tests as are required and appropriate in order to ensure that
the Sportsbook Integration has been completed successfully and in accordance with all Applicable Laws.

7.6 If the Customer becomes aware of any error or defect in the Sports Wagering System, the Customer will
(at its own expense) use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly procure that the Sports Wagering Provider to perform any activity
or service deemed reasonably necessary to repair such error or defect within a reasonable timeframe, to restore the Sports Wagering System
to good working order and, if applicable, to deliver any repaired software code (including bug fixes and/or patches)
to WHG for installation or other deployment or use.

22 

7.7 WHG shall notify the Customer of any Third Party Tools incorporated in the PAM Platform and whether such
Third Party Tools will be resold or sublicensed to the Customer by WHG or must be procured by the Customer directly, and if provided by
WHG, the applicable license fees payable in respect of such Third Party Tools. In the event that the Customer wishes WHG to integrate
any Third Party Tools to the PAM Platform, it shall request such integration in accordance with clause 8 and shall pay to WHG the cost
price of any third party applications on a pass through basis.

7.8 WHG shall notify the Customer of any Third Party Tools and third party Games (collectively, Third
Party Products) that have been integrated into the PAM Platform and, for each Third Party Product, whether the Customer has
the option to have WHG resell or sublicense such Third Party Product to the Customer Group or whether such Third Party Product must be
procured by the Customer directly. For each Third Party Product that WHG may resell or sublicense to the Customer Group (WHG
Supplied Third Party Product), WHG shall disclose the following to the Customer in writing (Third Party Product Proposal):
(i) all charges that would be passed through by WHG to the Customer on account of the Customer Groups use of such WHG Supplied
Third Party Product (Third Party Product Fees); (ii) the payment terms for Customers payment to WHG for the
Third Party Product Fees if different from the payment period set forth in clause 10.7 (Third Party Payment Period);
and (iii) all relevant terms and obligations of Customer that would be passed through by WHGs agreement with supplier of such WHG
Supplied Third Party Product. Subject to and without prejudice to clause 7.6, if Customer approves the Third Party Product Proposal in
writing and requests to receive the WHG Supplied Third Party Product, then WHG shall provide the WHG Supplied Third Party Product to the
Customer Group during the Term or, if earlier, until the Customer elects to stop receiving such WHG Supplied Third Party Product. Subject
to and without prejudice to clause 7.6, the Third Party Product Proposal approved by the Customer in writing with respect to a particular
WHG Supplied Third Party Product shall be binding on the Parties unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties in writing.

7.9 In the event that WHGs provision of the PAM Platform and PAM Services for Customer requires WHG
to enter into agreements directly with any supplier of (i) third party products, including suppliers of the Hosting Infrastructure, the
Hosting Facility, the Data Warehouse, AWS Outpost and the AWS Hub; (ii) a WHG Supplied Third Party Product, (iii) Nominated Content Provider;
or (iv) supplier of any Third Party Tools approved in writing by the Customer, the Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that all
costs or royalties due to such supplier of third party products, a WHG Supplied Third Party Product, a Nominated Content Providers or
supplier of Third Party Tools, to the extent the costs are directly attributable to Customers use of each of the foregoing (WHG
Reimbursable Expenses), are reimbursed to WHG. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, any and all costs or royalties
due to such third party suppliers shall continue to be paid to WHG by the Customer following any termination of this Agreement until such
costs or royalties are no longer due.

23 

7.10 In the event the Customer requires Poker Integration, the Customer shall be responsible for selecting
and contracting with the Poker Service Provider and obtaining all necessary licenses, consents, and permissions reasonably required by
WHG to perform the Poker Integration. Poker Integration shall be subject to additional fees to be mutually agreed between the Parties
as a written amendment to this Agreement.

7.11 In the event that the Customer wishes WHG to integrate any Third Party Tools or any Nominated Content
Providers platform (Game Content Platform) to the PAM Platform that have not yet been integrated with the
PAM Platform, or where it is necessary for WHG to modify any pre-existing integration with a Third Party Tool or a Game Content Platform
due to Customers particular requirements, it shall request such integration work following the same procedure as that set out at
clause 8.

7.12 Before the Launch Date, Gaming Site inclusive of website and mobile apps shall be subject to acceptance
testing by Customer. WHG shall notify Customer when the Gaming Site is ready for Customer to commence the acceptance testing. Customer
shall then have twenty (20) Business Days to complete the acceptance testing. Once reasonably satisfied that the Gaming Site has passed
the acceptance testing, Customer shall notify WHG, in writing (including by email) of acceptance of the Gaming Site. Following this and
the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to launch imposed by any Gambling Authority, the Parties shall reasonably agree on the Initial
Launch Date.

8. CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT

8.1 Following the Effective Date, the Customer can request Custom Development from WHG, and where WHG agrees
to provide such Custom Development, such Custom Development shall be in accordance with the terms in clause 8, such Custom Development
shall be charged at an hourly rate per person in accordance with the rate card set out in Schedule 4.

9. ADDITIONAL STATES

9.1 The Customer may throughout the Term notify WHG in writing of any Additional States in which it wishes
to make the Gaming Site available for use by End Users. Subject to WHGs approval (in its discretion, not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) and the Customer being responsible for the Licensing Costs and Certification Costs in respect of such Additional State, the
Parties shall perform their obligations pursuant to clauses 9.2 to 9.4 in respect of such Additional State.

9.2 Subject to WHGs approval in accordance with clause 9.1, both Parties shall do those acts as are
reasonably necessary, acting in an expeditious manner, to: (i) in the case of WHG, obtain the relevant Platform Provider License in any
such proposed Additional State, and (ii) in the case of the Customer, obtain the Operator License in any such proposed Additional State.

9.3 Both Parties shall keep each other fully notified of all material matters relating to the satisfaction
of their respective obligations in relation to clause 9.2.

24 

9.4 Each Party shall Promptly notify the other Party upon receipt of its respective Gaming License in any
proposed Additional State.

9.5 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this clause 9 shall oblige either Party to make the Gaming Site
available in any State in which allowing wagers or access to the Gaming Site would infringe any Applicable Laws.

9.6 The Customer acknowledges and agrees that for an Additional State in which WHG does not hold an existing
Gaming Approval, additional costs may be chargeable by WHG. Any such proposed additional costs (such as for Licensing Costs) that will
be the responsibility of the Customer will be disclosed to the Customer and agreed upon in writing prior to WHG agreeing to include the
applicable State as an Additional State.

10. FEES [****]

11. WARRANTIES

11.1 Each Party to this Agreement represents and warrants to the other Party that:

11.1.1 it has the full corporate right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations
hereunder;

11.1.2 the execution of this Agreement by such Party, and the performance by such Party of its obligations and
duties hereunder, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such Party is a party to or by which it is otherwise bound;

11.1.3 when executed and delivered by such Party, this Agreement will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations
of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms;

11.1.4 it shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with Applicable Law and with all due
skill and care, in a prompt and professional manner and using appropriately skilled, experienced, and qualified employees, agents and
sub-contractors;

11.1.5 there are no claims or proceedings existing or, to the best of that Partys knowledge, pending before
or by any arbitrator or any federal, state, local, or other governmental court or other regulatory body, with regard to any of its business
that might affect its ability to meet and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and

11.1.6 except with respect to any applicable Gaming Approval, no material approval of, notice to, or registration,
declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is, as of the date of this Agreement, known to be required (after due inquiry) to
be obtained or made by or with respect to a Party in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

25 

11.2 WHG represents and warrants to the Customer that:

11.2.1 it has sufficient rights in the PAM Platform to grant the rights and licenses to Customer granted herein,
and that WHGs provision of, and Customers receipt and use of the PAM Platform and the PAM Services hereunder in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement will not infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party;

11.2.2 subject to fulfilling its licensing obligations pursuant to clause 9, it shall hold and maintain the Platform
Provider License throughout the Term and any other licenses necessary to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement;

11.2.3 the PAM Platform will perform materially in accordance with its Documentation at all times during the
Term;

11.2.4 WHG shall use reasonable efforts to ensure no update or upgrade to the PAM Platform will materially decrease
the features, functionality, or capabilities of the PAM Platform during the Term, unless the material reduction in features is done in
order to comply with Applicable Laws or at the instruction of a Gaming Authority;

11.2.5 the PAM Platform shall be tested in accordance with Good Industry Practice with the latest commercially
available detection software for viruses and, to WHGs knowledge, the PAM Platform does not contain any viruses or other harmful
or malicious code; code and Customer will be notified within twenty-four (24) hours if the PAM Platform is found to contain any viruses
or other harmful or malicious code; and

11.2.6 the PAM platform offers the Customer a testing environment in accordance with Good Industry Practice to
allow for all Customer third party providers (subject to Customers reasonable request to WHG) to test integrations that are bug
free and allow the Customer to view any new sprint cycles, upgrades, product launches or material changes to the product.

11.3 The Customer represents and warrants to WHG that:

11.3.1 Customer and its Affiliates own or otherwise have obtained necessary rights to use the Brand Features
and (as far as the Customer and its Affiliates are aware) that the use of the same in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will
not infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party;

11.3.2 subject to fulfilling their licensing obligations pursuant to clause 9, the Customer and its Affiliates
shall hold and maintain the Operator Licenses throughout the Term and any other licenses necessary to perform their respective obligations
under this Agreement; and

11.3.3 the Customer and its Affiliates will market and promote the Gaming Site only in accordance with Applicable
Law.

11.4 WHG does not warrant that the PAM Platform will be free from error and that access to the PAM Platform
will be uninterrupted during the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing WHG shall be obligated to ensure that the PAM Platform performs in
accordance with the Service Availability set out in the SLA.

26 

11.5 The Customer agrees and acknowledges that WHG shall not be held responsible or liable for any defects
or errors in the Games and/or the Sportsbook and the liability for any such defects or errors shall be governed by the Customers
direct contractual relationship with the Sport Wagering Provider and/or the relevant Nominated Content Provider (as the case may be).

12. INDEMNITIES

12.1 For the purposes of this clause 12, the Party providing the indemnity shall be referred to as the Indemnifying
Party and the Party being indemnified shall be referred to as the Indemnified Party.

12.2 The Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless WHG and its Affiliates in respect of all Losses,
including any proceeding, regulatory enforcement action, or notice of violation from any governmental entity, including a Gaming Authority
(Losses and Claims, respectively) against WHG, or its Affiliates arising out of:

12.2.1 any breach or default in performance by the Customer of any warranty contained in this Agreement;

12.2.2 any claim brought on the basis that the use by WHG or its Affiliates of Intellectual Property Rights of
the Customer or its Affiliates licensed to WHG pursuant to this Agreement infringes the rights of that third party;

12.2.3 any claim brought by Kambi and/or a Nominated Content Provider arising out of the Customers alleged
breach of the terms of the applicable underlying license;

12.2.4 any claim made by an End User arising out of the use of the Gaming Site;

12.2.5 any claim by a Gaming Authority alleging the Customer violated licensing regulations (unless WHG or one
of its Affiliates was grossly negligent, or WHG breached this Agreement, and such gross negligence or breach was the primary factor causing
such Gaming Authority to allege a violation of the licensing regulations);

12.2.6 any claim against WHG due to the Customer having its Gaming License suspended, revoked, cancelled, not
renewed and/or terminated due to the act or omission of the Customer; and

12.2.7 any Regulatory Fines resulting solely from the acts or omissions of the Customer, Customer Affiliates
or any third party service provider selected by the Customer.

12.3 [****].

27 

12.4 In the case of the indemnities contained in clauses 12.2 and 12.3, the indemnities are conditional upon:

12.4.1 the Indemnified Party Promptly notifying the Indemnifying Party in writing of the Claim, which notification
shall be accompanied by any relevant documents in the possession of the Indemnified Party relating to the Claim (such as copies of any
summons, complaint or pleading which may have been served and, or any written demand or document evidencing the same). For the avoidance
of doubt, a failure to give such notice shall not affect, limit or reduce the indemnification obligations of an Indemnifying Party hereunder,
except to the extent such failure actually prejudices such Indemnifying Partys ability to successfully defend the Claim, action,
suit or proceeding giving rise to the indemnification claim;

12.4.2 the Indemnified Party making no admission as to liability or compromising nor agreeing to any settlement
of the Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party;

12.4.3 the Indemnifying Party retaining full control over the conduct of the claim, provided that: (a) it shall
Promptly notify the Indemnified Party of any material developments in the Claim: (b) it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to conduct the Claim in a way that does not prejudice the reputation of the other Party; and (c) the Indemnified Party shall fully cooperate
with the Indemnifying Party in the conduct of the Claim, including providing the Indemnifying Party with access to and use of all relevant
business records and making available its officers and employees for depositions, pre-trial discovery and as witnesses at trial, if required
(provided that the Indemnified Party will be reimbursed by the Indemnifying Party for any reasonable out-of-pocket expense actually incurred
in connection therewith);

12.4.4 the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its own counsel in respect of any such Claim, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the Indemnified Partys own cost and expense, unless the Indemnifying Party has
failed to undertake and prosecute the defense of such Claim;

12.4.5 the Indemnified Party using commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate its own losses; and

12.4.6 Indemnifying Party may not settle a claim under this Section without the consent of the Indemnified Party,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

12.5 The indemnities set out in clauses 12.2 and 12.3 shall not apply to the extent that any third party claim
is a claim of infringement that would not have occurred but for the use of any component of the Indemnifying Partys Intellectual
Property by the Indemnified Party in a manner that is not in accordance with the license granted by the Indemnifying Party within the
terms of this Agreement.

28 

12.6 In the event that any third party claim relates to the use of any component of the Indemnifying Partys
Intellectual Property by the Indemnified Party in a manner that is in accordance with the license granted within the terms of this Agreement,
the Indemnifying Party may, at its option, either: (i) substitute a fully equivalent non-infringing version of the Intellectual Property;
or (ii) modify or replace the infringing Intellectual Property with assets that are functionally equivalent; or (iii) obtain, at the Indemnifying
Partys expense, the right to continue use of such Intellectual Property.

12.7 The indemnification obligations set forth in this clause 12 will survive the termination or expiration
of this Agreement.

13. TERM & TERMINATION

13.1 This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years
from the Initial Launch Date (the Initial Term) and shall automatically be renewed for additional two (2) year renewal
terms (each a Renewal Term) unless either Party provides the other Party not less than one hundred and eighty (180)
days written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement, before the last day of the Initial Term or (as applicable) the relevant
Renewal Term. The Initial Term and, as applicable, the Renewal Terms are referred to collectively as the Term.

13.2 Either Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement:

13.2.1 immediately following such cure period where applicable, if the other Party commits a material breach
of the terms of this Agreement that is incapable of remedy or, where such breach is capable of remedy, fails to remedy the same within
thirty (30) days of receiving such notice of breach; and/or

13.2.2 Immediately upon written notice if: (a) the other Party shall cease to carry on its business or shall
have a liquidator, receiver, or administrative receiver appointed to it or over any substantial part of its undertaking or assets; (b)
the other Party shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or have an involuntary petition in bankruptcy filed against it and such
proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; (c) the other Party shall pass a resolution for its winding up (other than
for the purpose of a bona fide scheme of solvent amalgamation or reconstruction where the resulting entity shall assume all of its liabilities);
(d) a court of competent jurisdiction shall make an administration order or liquidation order or similar order; or (e) the other Party
shall enter into any voluntary arrangement with its creditors, or shall be unable to pay its debts as they fall due; and/or

13.2.3 immediately upon written notice, the other Party is deemed to be Unsuitable by a Gaming Authority having
jurisdiction in the Territory; and/or

13.2.4 immediately upon written notice, if online gaming, as has been conducted by Customer or its Affiliates
using the PAM Platform ceases to be permitted in all of the Territories.

13.3 [****].

29 

13.4 [****].

13.5 If this Agreement is terminated or expires, then each Party agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts
to provide transition services as may be reasonably requested by the other Party or required by a Gaming Authority to facilitate an orderly
transition of the services to Customer or its successor service provider to minimize disruption and harm to either Partys business
operations at the sole cost of the Customer (the Transition Services). Transition Services shall include (but are
not limited to) the continued provision of services and functionality necessary (including access to the PAM Platform, the PAM Services,
Custom Development, and WHG-supplied Third-Party Tools) to allow the Customer to transfer to a new player account management platform
for such period of time as mutually agreed, but not to exceed a period of one year from the effective date of termination (the
Run-Off Period), except to the extent prohibited by Applicable Law. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the relevant
Fees shall continue to be paid during the Run-Off Period, and (ii) fees and costs for Transition Services performed pursuant to this clause
13.5 shall be paid by the Customer on a mutually agreed payment schedule.

14. CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION

14.1 Subject to the requirements of clause 13.5, in the event of the termination or expiration of this Agreement,
(i) upon request and at no charge, WHG shall Promptly provide Customer with an export of all Customer Information in a mutually agreed
file format (Customer Information Export Requirement), and (ii) each Party shall (subject to any contrary requirement
under Applicable Laws) within thirty (30) days after the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement unconditionally:

14.1.1 without limiting WHGs Customer Information Export Requirement, return to the other Party or destroy,
as directed by the other Party, all data, Confidential Information and all other materials of that other Party in its possession;

14.1.2 delete from its records all data and Confidential Information of that other Party provided, however, a
Party may keep an archival copy of any such information in accordance with its data retention policies or to the extent required by Applicable
Law; provided further that such archival copy shall continue to be subject to the confidentiality provisions contained in clause 16 and
the security obligations set out in Schedule 2; and

14.1.3 if requested by the other Party, serve on the other Party a certificate signed by one of its directors
or officers certifying that the same has been implemented.

14.2 WHG shall within ten (10) Business Days of the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement issue
a statement to the Customer, detailing all sums due. Each Party agrees to provide the other with all outstanding payments not subject
to a good faith dispute (if any) due to it within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the statement issued pursuant to this clause 14.2.

30 

14.3 Any termination or expiration of this Agreement (howsoever occasioned) shall not affect any accrued rights
or liabilities of either Party.

14.4 Any provisions hereof which expressly or by their nature are required to survive termination or expiration
of this Agreement in order to achieve their purpose shall so survive until it shall no longer be necessary for them to survive in order
to achieve that purpose. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, clauses 1, 5.2, 10, 12, 13.5, 14 (to the extent expressly
stated), 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 24, 25, 26 and 27 shall survive expiry or termination of this Agreement.

15. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

15.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit liability for Losses related to or arising from:

15.1.1 death or personal injury caused by a Party or its subcontractors;

15.1.2 either Partys gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud, or fraudulent misrepresentation;

15.1.3 breach by the Customer of clause 11.3;

15.1.4 any indemnity under clauses 12.2.2 to 12.2.7 (inclusive);

15.1.5 Either Partys breach of its obligations under clause 16;

15.1.6 damages that may be due to WHG arising from Customers early termination under Clause 13.3.3; or

15.1.7 any other liability that cannot be limited or excluded by Applicable Law.

15.2 Subject to Section 15.1, it is agreed by the Parties that there shall be no liability in contract, tort
(including negligence), or otherwise in connection with this Agreement as follows:

15.2.1 for either Party for loss of profits;

15.2.2 for either Party for loss of revenue;

15.2.3 for either Party for loss of business opportunity or contracts;

15.2.4 for either Party for loss of anticipated savings;

15.2.5 for either Party for loss of goodwill or any reputational damage;

15.2.6 for either Party for any special, indirect, or consequential losses; or

15.2.7 for either Party for Losses or damage arising from loss, damage, or corruption of data.

in any case, whether or not such losses
were within the contemplation of the Parties at the date of this Agreement, suffered or incurred by the other Party arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement.

31 

15.3 Subject to clauses 15.1 and 15.2, the total liability of either Party in contract, tort (excluding defamation),
negligence, pre-contract, or other representations or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the performance
or observance of its obligations under this Agreement and every applicable part of it shall be limited to the lesser of: [****].

15.4 This clause 15 shall not limit the Customers liability to pay WHG any undisputed sums properly
owing pursuant to clause 10 or any other undisputed fees due to WHG under this Agreement, including any fees payable to any third party.

15.5 Each provision of this clause 15 excluding or limiting liability shall be construed separately, applying
and surviving even if for any reason one or other of these provisions is held inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances and shall
remain in force notwithstanding the expiry or termination of this Agreement.

16. CONFIDENTIALITY

16.1 Each Party shall at all times keep confidential all Confidential Information.

16.2 Neither Party shall disclose to any third party without the express written consent of the other Party
any Confidential Information obtained from the other Party or use Confidential Information otherwise than as contemplated under this Agreement.

16.3 The obligations of confidentiality set out in clause 16.2 shall not apply or (as the case may be) shall
cease to apply to Confidential Information solely to the extent that such Confidential Information:

16.3.1 was known to the receiving Party before disclosure by the disclosing Party, without any obligation of
confidentiality as evidenced by contemporaneous documents; and/or

16.3.2 has lawfully come into the public domain other than by breach of this clause 16 or any other duty of confidence;
and/or

16.3.3 is obtained from a third party without breach of this clause 16 or any other duty of confidence, as demonstrated
by reasonable documentation; and/or

16.3.4 is disclosed to the professional advisers of either Party, provided that such advisers are under an obligation
of confidentiality no less onerous than that contained in this clause 16; and/or

16.3.5 is known by the Party receiving the Confidential Information of the disclosing Party, and which has been
disclosed to the receiving Party by a third party, other than WHG or the Customer or a contractor of either of them and not in breach
of any duty of confidence, as demonstrated by reasonably documentation; and/or

32 

16.3.6 as applicable to a Party, for a Party that is a publicly traded company to comply with disclosures required
for it under Applicable Law or in order to comply with the rules of a recognized stock exchange provided that the disclosing Party provides
the other Party with written notice of such requirement as soon as reasonably practicable and only discloses that portion of the Confidential
Information as is legally required to be disclosed and redacts all commercially sensitive information and/or other terms as mutually agreed
with WHG in advance. In the event of any disclosure of information that has been agreed to be redacted, WHG shall be entitled to at its
discretion: (i) immediately terminate this Agreement, without any liability; or (ii) revert the Platform Fee in Clause 10 to WHGs
then current standard rate, without any discounts or deductions. In the event of termination under this Clause 16.3.6, Customer shall
remain liable for all costs in Schedule 5 for the duration of the agreement with such Third Parties; and/or

16.3.7 is required to be disclosed by a Gaming Authority, government body or court of competent jurisdiction
or by operation of law provided that the disclosing Party provides the other Party with written notice of such requirement as soon as
reasonably practicable, cooperates with the other Party with its efforts to seek a protective order, and only discloses that portion of
the Confidential Information as is legally required to be disclosed and redacts all commercially sensitive information, including but
not limited to all pricing information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be no written notice required to the extent prohibited
by the Gaming Authority, Governmental Entity, or court of competent jurisdiction, and/or

16.3.8 Disclosure of Agreement to potential investor/acquirer in connection with due diligence involving a strategic
investment or acquisition under confidentiality restrictions as protective as those herein, except that any disclosure to a Competitor,
existing or potential customer of WHG is subject to WHGs prior written approval.

16.4 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the disclosing party may have, the receiving party
acknowledges and agrees that the disclosing party shall, without proof of special damage, be entitled to an injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the provisions of this clause 16 in addition to any damages or other
remedy to which it may be entitled.

16.5 The obligations contained in this clause 16 supersede any previous non-disclosure agreement between the
Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and shall expressly survive the termination, completion or assignment of this Agreement.

17. PUBLICITY

Except for mutually agreed announcements
or other information releases required by the NYSE, the London Stock Exchange or another recognized stock exchange or other regulatory
body of competent authority, or required by Applicable Law, and subject at all times to Clause 16.3, neither the Customer nor WHG shall
issue by any medium any public announcement, whether written or otherwise, in relation to the existence of or subject matter of this Agreement
(save in respect of any advertisements and/or publicity for the Gaming Site by the Customer) except with the prior written consent of
the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

33 

18. RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES

Notwithstanding any other provision
in this Agreement, a person who is not a Party to this Agreement has no right to rely upon or enforce any term of this Agreement, except
that this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of White Hat Gaming Inc.

19. NOTICES

19.1 Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly served if hand delivered or sent by express overnight delivery or sent by email with a delivery receipt requested by the sender to
the following address, or at such other address as either Party may designate from time to time in accordance with this clause 19:

19.1.1 In the case of the Customer to:

1645 Pine Tree Lane, Suite 2, Sarasota, Florida, 34236 USA

Attention: Bruce Cassidy (or such other person notified to
WHG by the Customer from time to time)

With a copy to dschenck@clarkhill.com.

19.1.2 In the case of WHG to: 

info@whitehatgaming.com

White Hat Gaming

Cornerstone Level 3 Suite 4 16th September Square, Mosta,
Malta

Attention: Phil Gelvan (or such other person notified to
the Customer by WHG from time to time)

With a copy to legal@whitehatgaming.com

19.2 Notice will be deemed to have been duly given and received as follows:

19.2.1 in the case of a notice delivered personally, at the time of delivery;

19.2.2 in the case of a notice sent by registered post, two (2) Business Days after the day of posting;

19.2.3 in the case of a notice sent by courier, on the date and time that the couriers delivery receipt
is signed; and

19.2.4 in the case of a notice sent by email with a delivery receipt requested by the sender, when the confirmation
of delivery is received by the sender which for the avoidance of doubt is not required to take place on a Business Day.

34 

20. ASSIGNMENT

Neither Party shall be entitled to assign
this Agreement in whole or in part to any Party, save that either Party shall be entitled to assign this Agreement in whole or in part
to an Affiliate provided that such assignee agrees to abide by the terms of this Agreement, and prior to such assignment, has obtained
all Gaming Approvals necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement and provided that the assignor shall remain liable for
the due performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and in addition, either Party may assign this
Agreement, including assignment of rights and delegation of obligations, to any entity that purchases all or substantially all of its
stock or assets, or otherwise survives in a merger, consolidation or other reorganization.

21. FORCE MAJEURE

Neither Party shall be liable for failure
to perform or delay in performing any obligation under this Agreement if the failure or delay is caused by a Force Majeure Event. The
Party subject to the Force Majeure Event shall, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within five (5) Business Days), give
written notice of the event to the other Party, such notice to include a reasonable forecast of the duration of the event. If such delay
or failure continues for at least a continuous or aggregate forty-five (45) days, the Party not subject to the Force Majeure Event shall
be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice without liability or termination fees, except as stated in Clause
7.9.

22. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

22.1 This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Customer and WHG relating to the subject matter
covered and supersedes any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings, or proposals, written or oral, between the same in relation
to such matters. No oral explanation or oral information given by any of WHG or the Customer shall alter the interpretation of this Agreement.
Each of the Customer and WHG confirms that, in agreeing to enter into this Agreement, it has not relied on any representation save insofar
as the same has expressly been set out in this Agreement and agrees that it shall have no remedy in respect of any misrepresentation which
has not become a term of this Agreement save that the agreement of the Parties contained in this clause 22 shall not apply in respect
of any fraudulent representation whether or not such has become a term of this Agreement.

22.2 No amendment or variation to this Agreement shall be binding on WHG or the Customer unless made by a written
instrument and signed by a duly authorized representative of both Parties.

23. ANTI-CORRUPTION

23.1 Neither Party, nor, to the best of its knowledge, are any of its Affiliates, a Federally Prohibited Person
or an Unsuitable Person, and is in compliance with all applicable orders, rules, regulations, and recommendations of the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and any Laws relating to terrorism or money laundering including Executive Order
No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, and regulations of the U.S. Treasury Departments Office of Foreign
Assets Control the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of
2001 (Public Law 107-56) (the USA PATRIOT Act), and the Money Laundering Control Act (18 United States Code Sections
1956 and 1957). Neither Party will knowingly engage in a business relationship with a Federally Prohibited Person or an Unsuitable Person
during the Term.

35 

23.2 In connection with their respective responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement, the Parties
shall comply, and cause their respective subcontractors to comply, with all Applicable Laws related to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering,
and gaming, including those governing the providing of incentives, inducements, kickbacks, gratuities or bribes, including the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (FCPA) (15 U.S.C. 78dd-l, et seq.) which preclude giving, offering or agreeing to give anything
of value to foreign government officials or holders of and candidates for public office or political parties, their families and agents,
directly or indirectly, in connection with obtaining or maintaining contracts or orders or obtaining other benefits.

24. NON-SOLICITATION

Other than by means of a bona fide advertising
campaign open to all and not specifically targeted at such staff of the other Party, neither Party shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates
do not, directly or indirectly solicit or offer employment to, or directly or indirectly accept services from, an employee of the other
Party (or any of its Affiliates) during the Term or for a period of one (1) calendar year thereafter, without the prior written consent
of the other Party.

25. GENERAL

25.1 Waiver: The failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy under this Agreement shall
not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other rights or remedies and no single or partial exercise of any right
or remedy under this Agreement shall prevent any further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

25.2 Invalidity: The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect
or impact the continuation in force of the remainder of this Agreement.

25.3 Independent Contractors: The Parties are acting as independent contractors. Nothing contained in
this Agreement shall create or be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture, or agency relationship other than the business relationship
of the Parties contemplated and defined herein. Neither Party shall have the authority to bind the other Party in any respect. In addition,
neither Party shall be considered a fiduciary of the other Party.

25.4 Further Assurances: In case any further action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement,
without prejudice to other rights and remedies, each Party will take such further action (including the execution and delivery of further
instruments and documents) as the other Party reasonably may request, all at the sole cost and expense of the requesting Party (unless
the requesting Party is entitled to indemnification therefore under this Agreement).

36 

25.5 Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which when executed
and delivered shall be an original, but all the counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Each Party agrees
to accept the electronic signature of the other Party and to be bound by its own electronic signature.

25.6 Expenses: Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Party will bear its own
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution, and performance of this Agreement, including all fees and expenses
of agents, representatives, financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants.

25.7 Joint Preparation of Agreement: The Parties and their respective counsel have participated jointly
in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Each of the Parties acknowledges that it is sophisticated in business matters of the
type contemplated hereby and has been advised by experienced counsel and, to the extent it has deemed necessary, other advisers in connection
with the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any Party
by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

25.8 Remedies: The various rights, options, elections and remedies of the Parties hereunder shall be
cumulative, and no one of them shall be construed as exclusive of any other, or of any right, priority or remedy allowed or provided for
by law and not expressly waived in this Agreement.

26. LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Agreement, and all disputes arising
out of or in connection with it (including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America.

27. DISPUTE

27.1 If a dispute under this Agreement arises:

27.1.1 the Party claiming that a dispute has arisen must give notice to the other Party indicating the nature
of the dispute (Notice of Dispute);

27.1.2 within ten (10) days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute, senior representatives of the Parties must meet
(telephone or video conference is sufficient) and attempt to resolve the dispute within ten (10) days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute;

37 

27.1.3 if the Parties fail to resolve the dispute in accordance with clause 27.1.2, the Managing Directors or
CEOs of each of the Parties must meet (telephone or video conference is sufficient) and attempt to resolve the dispute within thirty (30)
days of receipt of the Notice of Dispute; and

27.1.4 if the Parties fail to resolve the dispute in accordance with clause 27.1.3, the provisions of clause
27.4 will apply.

27.2 Communications between the Parties during the process set out in clause 27.1, whether oral or in writing,
will not be admissible as evidence in any legal process unless in writing and signed by both Parties.

27.3 If the Parties fail to resolve any dispute in accordance with clause 27.1, then the dispute will be referred
to, and finally resolved by, arbitration in accordance with clause 27.4.

27.4 Any claim, dispute or matter regarding this Agreement (whether arising out of or in connection with contractual
or non-contractual obligations) shall be decided by a single arbitrator under the Streamlined Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration
and Mediation Services (JAMS) or such other dispute resolution entity jointly agreed upon by the Parties. Any arbitration hearing shall
take place in the State of Delaware. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and the award may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction over the parties.

27.5 Nothing in this clause 27 prevents a Party issuing proceedings where the only relief sought is injunctive
or declaratory relief.

38 

SCHEDULE
1 

SERVICE DESCRIPTION

PART A: PAM SERVICES

WHG shall ensure that the PAM Platform shall provide
the following functionality at all times during the Term:

1. all standard functionality that exists as of the Effective Date, for the PAM Platform;

2. multi-state traveling wallet solution, including bonus wallet, whereby End User funds and bonuses are automatically transferred from
one state to another without the End User or the Customer or its Affiliates directing the transfer of funds or bonuses;

3. integration with the Sports Wagering Provider;

4. if the Customer elects to be responsible for managing the Front End pursuant to clause 4.12, WHG shall provide and support the relevant
APIs to the Customer or its third-party service provider to provide integration with the PAM Platform;

5. account management functionality of the Gaming Site, including running of gaming operations, detailed End User player profile, CRM
tools, and financial reporting, player verification and registration, transaction systems, accounting tools, reporting tools, customer
support tools, game content management, and bonusing tools and systems;

6. a proprietary cashier, including a web user interface that can be integrated into native applications, payment redundancy for optimized
End User success and travel across multiple States;

7. where the Customer or an external third party is managing the Front End subject to clause 4.12, WHG shall integrate mobile applications
with the PAM Platform provide the relevant APIs to the Customer to assist with the foregoing; and

8. where the Customer or an external third party is managing the Front End subject to clause 4.12, WHG shall provide support of APIs
required to enable the Customer to integrate the Gaming Site with the PAM Platform, including integration with age and identity verification,
know your customer (KYC), and geolocation services, and other tools for PAM Platforms to operate online and mobile sports wagering and
casino gaming.

9. As of the Effective Date, the PAM Platform in the United States of America is integrated with the following Third-Party Tools and
the Game platforms of the potential Nominated Content Providers listed below: [****]

PART B: FRONT END SERVICES

The following services shall be provided prior
to the Initial Launch Date and shall continue to be provided until the Customer becomes responsible for the management of the Front End
subject to clause 4.12:

1. designing, developing, and supporting the mobile application which shall conform with the leading mobile platform application guidelines,
such as the ability to natively deliver the Gaming Site on mobile devices;

2. establish acceptance criteria and maintain submission guidelines for Android and iOS; and

3. integration with the pam platform of desktop-formatted & mobile-device-formatted website and native mobile applications in both
iOS and android formats.

Schedule 1-2 

SCHEDULE
2

PRIVACY & DATA
PROTECTION

1. In providing the PAM Services, WHG will have access to or otherwise obtain sensitive and Confidential Information from, or on behalf
of, the Customer. WHG agrees to protect and ensure that WHG Personnel (defined below) protect all the Customer Information as detailed
in this Schedule and in compliance with Privacy and Security Laws (defined below).

2. For purposes of this Schedule, the following definitions shall apply:

Customer System
means any computer, computer network, computer application, imaging device, desktop or laptop computer, mobile computing device, server,
equipment, computing environment (including, but not limited to, any development, test, stage, production and/or backup application and
computing environment), storage media, or software controlled by the Customer or a third party acting on behalf of the Customer.

Personal Information
means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked,
directly or indirectly, with an identified or identifiable natural person or household, or can otherwise be used to identify an individual,
including, without limitation: (i) name; (ii) postal address; (iii) telephone number; (iv) email address; or (v) identification number,
and shall include personal data, personal information or a materially similar term, as defined under any Privacy
and Security Law.

Privacy and Security Laws
means all national, state or local laws, regulations, ordinances, or other government standard relating to the privacy, confidentiality
or security of Personal Information that applies to WHGs processing of Customer Information, including those which may impose minimum
security requirements, or requirements related to the secure storage, retention, or disposal of Personal Information, or to notification
or other requirements related to incidents involving actual or reasonably suspected unauthorized access, acquisition or use of Personal
Information.

Security Incident
means an actual or reasonably suspected (i) loss, theft, or unauthorized access, acquisition, use, modification, disclosure or destruction
of or damage to Customer Information; (ii) circumstances in which WHG reasonably believes that there has been any unauthorised access,
acquisition, use, modification, disclosure or destruction of or damage to the Customer Information; or (iii) a breach of Privacy and Security
Laws in relation to the processing of Customer Information by any WHG Personnel or by any other person or third party.

Sensitive Personal Information
means Personal Information that consists of any of the following:

(i) Social Security number, taxpayer identification number, passport number, drivers license number
or other government identification number; or

(ii) financial account number, such as a bank account number or credit/debit card number, with or without any
code or password that would permit access to that account, credit history; or

Schedule 2-1 

(iii) usernames and passwords; or

(iv) race, religion, ethnicity, political or philosophical beliefs, marital status, sexual orientation, medical
or health information, genetic or biometric information, trade union membership, background check information, judicial data such as criminal
records or information on other judicial or administrative proceedings.

WHG Personnel means
any employee, contractor, subcontractor or agent of WHG to whom WHG provides access to the Customer Information and/or the Customer Systems.

3. Data Protection 

3.1 Information Security Program. WHG shall implement, maintain and comply with a comprehensive written
data security program that contains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against anticipated threats or hazards
to the security, confidentiality or integrity of, and the unauthorized or accidental destruction, loss, access, acquisition, alteration
or use of, the Customer Information (Information Security Program), that meets or exceeds the requirements of (i) this Schedule;
and (ii) Good Industry Practice and mandatory security requirements applicable to WHG.

3.2 Scope. WHG shall maintain and enforce its Information Security Program. In addition, WHG shall
ensure that its Information Security Program covers all networks, systems, servers, computers, notebooks, laptops, PDAs, mobile phones,
and other devices and media owned or controlled by WHG that process, host or store the Customer Information or provide access to the Customer
Systems. Moreover, WHG shall ensure that its Information Security Program includes industry standard password protections, firewalls,
and anti-virus and malware protections to protect the Customer Information from anticipated threats or hazards and protect against unauthorized
access to or use of the Customer Information.

3.3 PCI DSS. If WHG has access to or will collect, access, use, store, dispose of, disclose or otherwise
process any Customer Information which is credit, debit, or other payment cardholder information, WHG shall at all times be and remain
in material compliance with the standards as may be relevant to PCI DSS SAQ A certification requirements, including, without limitation,
remaining aware at all times of changes to such standards and promptly implementing all procedures and practices as may be necessary to
remain in material compliance with such standards.

3.4 Risk Assessments. In connection with maintaining its Information Security Program, WHG shall: (i)
conduct periodic risk assessments to identify and assess reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks to the security, confidentiality
and integrity of the Customer Information; and (ii) evaluate and improve, where necessary, the effectiveness of its information security
controls. Such assessments shall also consider WHGs compliance with its Information Security Program and applicable Privacy and
Security Law.

3.5 Review. WHG shall review and, as appropriate, revise its Information Security Program at least
annually or whenever there is a material change in WHGs business practices that may reasonably affect the security, confidentiality
or integrity of the Customer Information. WHG shall complete all reviews and tests to receive a SOC 2 Type II audit report at least once
each calendar year during the Term.

Schedule 2-2 

3.6 Modifications. During the course of providing the PAM Services, WHG may not alter or modify its
Information Security Program in any manner that materially reduces the protections and controls agreed to be implemented pursuant to this
Agreement or this Schedule 2, or in any other manner that will weaken or compromise the protection afforded to the security, confidentiality,
or integrity of the Customer Information.

3.7 Personnel. Prior to providing access to the Customer Information to the WHG Personnel, WHG shall
require such personnel comply with the Information Security Program and provide appropriate training regarding information security and
the appropriate use and protection of Personal Information.

3.8 Access Controls. WHG agrees that it will maintain appropriate access controls in accordance with
Good Industry Practice, including, but not limited to, limiting access to the Customer Information to the minimum number of WHG Personnel
who require such access for the minimum duration necessary in order to provide the PAM Services to the Customer and to promptly deactivate
the access credentials of any person who no longer needs access to perform the PAM Services.

3.9 Encryption. WHG shall, in accordance with Good Industry Practice and Privacy and Security Laws,
encrypt all records and files containing Sensitive Personal Information (except for usernames while stored in WHGs database) that
WHG: (i) transmits or sends wirelessly or across public networks; (ii) stores on laptops or storage media; (iii) where technically feasible,
stores on portable handheld devices (e.g., smartphones, tablets or similar devices); and (iv) stores on any device that is transported
outside of the physical control of WHG. WHG shall safeguard the security and confidentiality of all encryption keys associated with encrypted
Sensitive Personal Information.

3.10 Disposal. Upon termination or expiration of the Agreement for any reason, and at any time during
the Term, promptly upon the Customers request, WHG shall immediately cease handling the Customer Information and (except as otherwise
required by Applicable Law) shall destroy, any or all Customer Information in WHGs possession, power or control. If WHG disposes
of any paper, electronic or other record containing the Customer Information, WHG shall do so by taking all reasonable steps (based on
the sensitivity of the Customer Information) to destroy the Information by: (i) shredding; (ii) permanently erasing and deleting; (iii)
degaussing; or (iv) otherwise modifying the Customer Information in such records to make it unreadable, unreconstructable and indecipherable.
Upon request, WHG will provide a written certification that the Customer Information has been securely destroyed in accordance with this
Schedule.

Schedule 2-3 

3.11 Security Incident. WHG shall notify the Customer in writing Promptly (and in any event within than
twenty-four (24) hours) upon becoming aware of an actual or reasonably suspected Security Incident. After providing notice, WHG will investigate
the Security Incident, take all necessary steps to eliminate or contain the exposure of the Customer Information, and keep the Customer
advised of the status of the Security Incident and all related matters. WHG further agrees to provide reasonable assistance and cooperation
requested by the Customer and/or the Customers designated representatives, in the furtherance of any correction, remediation, or
investigation of any Security Incident, and or the mitigation of such incident, including any notification that the Customer may determine
reasonably appropriate to send to affected individuals, regulators or third parties, and/or the provision of any credit reporting service
that the Customer deems reasonably appropriate to provide to affected individuals. Unless required by Applicable Law, WHG shall not notify
any individual or any third party of any potential Security Incident involving Customer Information without first consulting with, and
obtaining the permission of, the Customer (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except that WHG may notify law enforcement, outside
legal counsel, forensic investigators, and other third parties necessary to conduct an investigation of such suspected Security Incident;
provided, that there is an existing duty of confidence between WHG and such third party. In addition, within thirty (30) days of identifying
or being informed of a Security Incident, WHG shall develop and execute a plan that reduces the likelihood of a recurrence of a Security
Incident.

3.12 Limitations on Use. WHG will process the Customer Information only as instructed and permitted
by the Customer or its legal counsel, and only to perform its obligations under this Agreement and as specifically permitted by this Agreement
or as otherwise instructed in writing from time to time by the Customer. WHG may not use the Customer Information for any purpose other
than performing the PAM Services in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, and is expressly prohibited from: (i) using Personal Information
for its own commercial benefit, unless agreed in writing by the Customer; or (ii) disclosing such information for monetary consideration,
or otherwise selling or sharing Customer Information, as such terms are defined under Privacy and Security Laws, other than where permitted
in writing by the Customer.

3.13 Production Requests. If WHG receives any order, demand, warrant, or any other document requesting
or purporting to compel the production of the Customer Information under Applicable Law (including, for example, by oral questions, interrogatories,
requests for information or documents in legal proceedings, subpoenas, civil investigative demands or other similar processes), WHG shall
without undue delay notify the Customer (except to the extent otherwise required by Applicable Law) and shall not disclose the Customer
Information to the third party without providing the Customer at least forty-eight (48) hours following such notice, so that the Customer
may, at its own expense, exercise such rights as it may have under law to prevent or limit such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
WHG shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to prevent and limit any such disclosure and to otherwise preserve the confidentiality
of the Customer Information and shall cooperate with the Customer with respect to any action taken with respect to such request, complaint,
order or other document, including to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will
be accorded to the Customer Information.

3.14 Investigations. Upon notice to WHG, WHG shall assist and support the Customer in the event of an
investigation by any regulator, including a data protection regulator, or similar authority, if and to the extent that such investigation
relates to any Personal Information handled by WHG on behalf of the Customer. Any such assistance shall be at the Customers sole
expense unless the investigation relates to a failure by WHG to perform its obligations under the Agreement or this Schedule.

3.15 Survival. The obligations of WHG under this Schedule shall continue for so long as WHG continues
to have access to, is in possession of or acquires the Customer Information, even if all agreements between WHG and the Customer have
expired or been terminated.

Schedule 2-4 

SCHEDULE
3 

SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT

This Service Level Agreement (SLA)
is between WHG and the Customer and sets out the service levels, operational responsibilities, incident management processes, reporting
and contact details agreed between the Parties regarding the hosting, availability and operation of the PAM Platform, which shall be provided
pursuant to this SLA.

1. DEFINITIONS

For the purposes of this SLA, both the
definitions set out clause 1.1 of the Agreement and the following additional definitions shall apply:

Accepted Planned Maintenance
will have the meaning set out in paragraph 3.2.1 below.

Chronic SLA Breach
[****].

Downtime means
any time during which the PAM Platform is not functioning resulting in 25% or more of End Users being unable to register, deposit, access
bonuses, or stake a wager.

Emergency Maintenance
means any urgent unplanned maintenance work necessary to be carried out by WHG in relation to the PAM Platform or any of the PAM Services.

Exceptions means
those events set out at paragraph 2.7 of this SLA.

Exempt Downtime
means Downtime resulting directly from an Exception.

Incident shall
mean any of the incidents listed in paragraph 4 below.

Maintenance Window
will have the meaning set out in paragraph 3.2.1 below.

Non-Excusable Downtime
means all Downtime other than Exempt Downtime.

Planned Maintenance
means a period of time during which WHG performs a routine software or infrastructure upgrade, repair, maintenance, replacement, regulatory
inspection or other work on the PAM Platform in connection with its provision and operation of the PAM Services.

Prime Contact means
the primary technical representative for the communication of information between the Parties for any matters arising in connection with
the provisions of this SLA.

Quarter means a
three-month period commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1.

Service Availability
is the number of minutes out of the total number of minutes in a Monthly Period (presented as a percentage) in which the PAM Services
are not subject to Non-Excusable Downtime.

Schedule 3-1 

2. MEASUREMENT OF SERVICE AVAILABILITY AND OTHER QUALITY METRICS

2.1 The Service Availability warranted by WHG is 99.7% and will be calculated according to the following formula:

SA = ((TM - ND) / TM) x 100

Where:

SA means the Service
Availability (expressed as a percentage);

ND means the total
number of minutes of Non-Excusable Downtime in the respective Monthly Period; and

TM means the total
number of minutes in the respective Monthly Period.

2.2 WHG will proactively monitor the Service Availability and the functionality of the APIs and other services
described in this SLA using its monitoring tools, as well as the functioning of the Hosting Infrastructure and shall, as soon as practicable,
notify the Customer that incident-handling must be initiated upon identifying any Downtime or malfunction. The Customer, on its part,
will monitor the proper functioning of the Hardware Platform and upon becoming aware of any Downtime, whether in the PAM Platform or the
Hardware Platform, will inform WHG as soon as practicable.

2.3 Methodology for measurement of other metrics contained within this SLA, if not determined herein or in
the Agreement, shall be determined by WHG and shall be measured at WHGs production sites. The Customer shall always have the right
to inspect, by itself or through a third party, the measurement methods and the collected data upon reasonable request and upon giving
no less than thirty (30) days notice, provided: (i) the Customer carries the costs thereof; and (ii) any such inspection does not
materially interfere with WHGs normal conduct of business; and (iii) inspections are limited to no more than one (1) per year during
the Term; and (iv) any such third party signs a confidentiality agreement, if provided by WHG.

2.4 WHG shall provide the PAM Services to meet all its service obligations and this SLA.

2.5 It is the Customers obligation to provide WHG with forecasts for expected service needs for the
forthcoming Quarter. Any expected deviations to supplied forecasts must be notified to WHG not less than eight (8) weeks prior to said
deviation.

2.6 WHG reserves the right to block any traffic accessing the PAM Platform that is not directly related to
providing the Gaming Site.

2.7 The following circumstances shall be deemed to be an Exception for the purposes of calculating the Exempt
Downtime:

(i) Accepted Planned Maintenance;

(ii) Force Majeure Events;

Schedule 3-2 

(iii) failure in the Gaming Site and/or Sports Wagering System or any remote gaming servers of any third party
supplier (including any Nominated Content Provider) integrated with the PAM Platform;

(iv) any unavailability or non-responsiveness in any third party integrated service providers system
needed to fulfil any of the PAM Services including but not limited to age verification and/or payment processing;

(v) any fault in the Hardware Platform caused by any person or entity other than WHG;

(vi) improper use (including use otherwise than in accordance with this Agreement), changes or alterations
of the PAM Platform or Gaming Site made by the Customer or its Affiliates;

(vii) any act or omission (including negligence or willful misconduct) by the Customer or any of its Affiliates
or any third party which prevents WHG from providing the PAM Services;

(viii) fraud committed by the Customer or any of its Affiliates or any third party;

(ix) any virus;

(x) Incidents caused by work, changes or alterations made by the Customer, or caused by abuse, negligence,
malicious acts or omissions or fraud by the Customer or its End Users;

(xi) any request by the Customer that WHG postpone troubleshooting;

(xii) any failure by the Customer to perform a dependency which is agreed and/or is generally expected to be
the responsibility of the Customer;

(xiii) any failure by the Customer to comply with the Customer Responsibilities in relation to
the SLA as set out in paragraph 6 below which results in a time delay;

(xiv) any failure in local access facilities, which are not provided by WHG, connecting PAM Platform (such as
ISP, telecommunication infrastructure or internet backbone failure) or electric power or environmental control systems;

(xv) the failure of equipment, telecommunications systems, hardware or software of a third party;

(xvi) disconnection or suspension of the PAM Services or Gaming Site by WHG pursuant to a right to do so under
the Agreement;

(xvii) malfunction of the Customers equipment or application not included in the PAM Service;

Schedule 3-3 

(xviii) network problems over the internet which are not related to WHG or WHGs subcontractors;

(xix) unavailability or non-responsiveness in the Customers systems needed to fulfil any of the PAM Services;
and/or

(xx) an abnormally high load of traffic on the PAM Platform corresponding to 25% more than the load projected
by the reasonable forecasts provided by the Customer under paragraph 5, directly preceding or during Downtime.

3. MAINTENANCE

3.1 Release Plan

3.1.1 WHG will provide the Customer with a one (1) month rolling plan for upcoming release of updates and upgrades
to the PAM Platform (Release Plan). Both Parties agree that the Release Plan may be subject to change by WHG. WHG
shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that at least two (2) weeks prior notice is given to the Customer of each new release
of the PAM Platform. In the event of a new release of the PAM Platform including new functionality that is reasonably likely to impact
performance, WHG shall perform comprehensive testing, including regression, performance and quality assurance testing, of each new release
of the PAM Platform, or any portion thereof, prior to implementation of such new release in the production environment in order to verify
that such new release complies with the specifications at Part A Schedule 1 and reduces the risk of any Incidents.

3.1.2 In acknowledgement of changing business needs, both Parties recognize and accept that WHG may need to
deviate from the Release Plan to ensure overall efficiency of its operations. WHG shall ensure that notice of any Release Plan changes
is provided to the Customer, where possible.

3.2 Accepted Planned Maintenance & Maintenance Windows

3.2.1 In order for maintenance to be deemed Accepted Planned Maintenance, it must (a) be
carried out by WHG within a pre-notified maintenance window for which written notice had been delivered to the Customer at least five
(5) days in advance (or two (2) days in advance if conducted between 04:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. on weekdays, Eastern Standard Time (EST))
(Maintenance Window), provided that the total downtime on account of Planned Maintenance does not exceed a total
of three (3) hours per release in the aggregate (whereas any Planned Maintenance exceeding such cap will not be considered Accepted Planned
Maintenance even if notified in advance), or (b) is specifically requested by the Customer for the purposes of enhancing or supplementing
the Service above and beyond WHGs obligations under this Agreement or this SLA.

3.2.2 If the time for an agreed Maintenance Window is exceeded by more than sixty (60) minutes (even if the
Planned Maintenance during the relevant Monthly Period had not exceeded three (3) hours in the aggregate), it will be considered an Incident
and will consequently not be considered as Planned Maintenance.

3.3 WHG shall notify the Customer as soon as reasonably practicable of any Emergency Maintenance required
to the PAM Platform, providing all appropriate details in order to establish the extent to which the maintenance work will have an impact
on the availability of the PAM Services to End Users.

Schedule 3-4 

4. INCIDENT DEFINITION & RESPONSE TIMES

To the extent that such compliance is
within its control, WHG shall comply with the following timetable in relation to the management of Incidents:

Severity
Level Incident
Notification to Customer/ Frequency Impact
on Service Actions Response
Timing

Business
Critical (level 1) Incident Announcement
to be sent by WHG within 15 minutes from incident detection with updates being sent every 30 minutes therein until incident mitigation 

Business
critical failures (i.e. security incident, wagering not possible).Any fault that causes a loss of availability
of the PAM Platform which results in: (i) potential End Users not being able to register as a player on
the Gaming Site; and/or (ii) more than 25% of End Users in a single Territory not being able to access their
Online Account or access and use the Sportsbook or Gaming Site as a result of the unavailability of the
PAM Platform and not any failure in respect of the Sportsbook, or the Sports Wagering System or Gaming Site
(as applicable). 

A
continuous and sustained effort using all available resources until resolved.

Response:
No later than fifteen (15) minutes of receipt of an Incident.

The
Parties will agree a timetable for status reporting until resolution.

Major (level
2) 

Incident
Announcement to be sent by WHG within 120 minutes from incident detection.

Updates
sent every 60 minutes until incident mitigation Major business
impact (i.e., major function not working) IT Support respond,
assess the situation, may interrupt other staff working on medium priority jobs for assistance. Emergency fixes and workarounds to
be considered. 

Response:
two (2) hours of receipt of an Incident.

The
Parties will agree a timetable for status reporting until resolution.

Minor (level
3) Email notification Minor business
impact (i.e., non-major functions not working) Respond using
standard procedures. 

Response:
Twenty-Four (24) hours of receipt of an Incident.

The
parties will agree a timetable for status reporting until resolution. 

Schedule 3-5 

5. INCIDENT REPORTING PROCEDURE

5.1 Business Critical & Major Incidents (Level 1 and 2)

5.1.1 Incidents detected by the Customer shall be reported by the Customer to WHGs IT Support via IT
Support email or appropriate Slack Channel.

5.1.2 Incidents detected by WHG shall be reported by WHG to the Customers Prime Contact or equivalent
immediately via email or appropriate Slack Channel.

5.1.3 Without limiting the foregoing, the Customer may require WHG to formulate a remedy plan (for level 1 and/or
2 Incidents only), in which case WHG shall, within a reasonable timescale (having regard to the severity of the impact of the Incident),
formulate and provide to the Customer a remedy plan which shall include the following:

set out the known or suspected causes of the Incident;

identify the remedial actions which WHG shall take in relation to the Incident in order to ensure that the performance of the Service
is restored as soon as possible; and

provide a proposed, high-level timetable for the completion of such identified remedial actions if such Incident is ongoing for more
than sixty (60) minutes.

5.1.4 Within two (2) Business Days of resolving an Incident, WHG shall send an incident report to the Customer
inclusive of at a minimum, the reason(s) for the incident and actions taken to prevent a similar incident again.

5.2 Minor Priority Incidents (Level 3)

5.2.1 Incidents detected by the Customer shall be reported by the Customer to WHGs incident management
system or via email.

5.2.2 Incidents detected by WHG shall be reported by WHG to the Customers Prime Contact or equivalent
via email.

Schedule 3-6 

6. CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES IN RELATION TO THE SLA

The Customer agrees to comply with the
following obligations:

6.1 Before reporting a problem to WHG, the Customer shall perform first level problem determination to confirm
that the problem experienced by the Customer is not connected with the Customers applications or local area network.

6.2 If the Customer is unable to confirm the root cause or determine that the problem is related to the Service
provided by WHG, WHG requires prerequisite problem description information to properly conduct trouble shooting. The Customer must report:

When the problem started;

Description of the symptoms; and

Any other pertinent information related to the problem.

6.3 The Customers point of contact for all communications concerning this SLA shall be its Prime Contact,
unless notified otherwise by the Customer in writing.

6.4 The Customer agrees to provide all reasonable assistance to cooperate with WHGs personnel during
the troubleshooting.

6.5 The Customer agrees to notify WHG (as soon as practicable after it becomes aware) if the Incident is solved
or if the Incident has been located on hardware/software not provided by WHG.

6.6 The Customer must inform WHG in advance about planned service maintenance or other actions that affect
(or may affect) the PAM Services.

7. SERVICE CREDITS

7.1 If the Service Availability in any Monthly Period (as calculated in accordance with paragraph 2.1 above)
fails to meet or exceed ninety-nine and seven-tenths percent (99.7%), then the Customer shall be entitled to a credit against its next
invoice which shall, subject to paragraph 7.4 below, be calculated as a percentage of the Platform Fee, as applicable payable to WHG in
respect of the corresponding Monthly Period (Service Credit).

7.2 WHG shall promptly apply Service Credits against the Platform Fee payable to WHG for the subsequent Monthly
Period.

7.3 Any Service Credits shall be calculated by reference to the following table: [****]

Schedule 3-7 

7.4 For the purpose of calculating any Service Credits due pursuant to paragraph 7.3, the amount due shall
be the applicable percentage of the Platform Fee corresponding to the Net Gaming Revenue in respect of:

7.4.1 only those States within the Territory in which there was any Non-Excusable Downtime during the applicable
month; and

7.4.2 only the percentage of End Users actually affected (based on previous trends) by Non-Excusable Downtime
on either iOS, Android or web (as applicable) during the relevant month.

7.5 The Customer acknowledges that the liquidated damages set out in this paragraph 7 are a genuine pre-estimate
of the loss likely to be suffered by the Customer and shall be the Customers sole and exclusive remedy for WHGs failure
to meet the Service Availability requirements set out in this SLA.

Schedule 3-8 

SCHEDULE
4 

RATE CARD

[****].

The Customer agrees and acknowledges that the
rate outlined directly above shall increase annually by an amount equivalent to any increase in the US CPI.

Schedule 4-1 

SCHEDULE
5 

HARDWARE PLATFORM
AND HOSTING FEES

(i) Hosting Fees: The Customer shall be responsible for contracting directly with the Approved Host
Provider in order to provide the Data Warehouse. The Customer warrants and represents that it shall maintain for the duration of the Term
all required access and permissions from the Approved Host Provider required for WHG to provide the Services. In the event Customer fails
to provide or maintain such access WHG shall not be liable for any breach of the SLA or delay in the Initial Launch Date.

(ii) AWS Outpost (Hardware Platform): The Customer may select from the following options (If no option
is selected the default option will be five years):

A
one (1) year commitment period at USD [****] per State 

This AWS Outpost Fee shall be payable
to WHG upfront in full, prior to WHG entering into any agreement with AWS. All Fees for any renewal period for the AWS Outpost agreement
shall be payable upfront in full at least 60 days in advance of the Renewal. WHG expects to enter into this agreement with AWS approximately
2 months priors to the Initial Launch Date. WHG shall not be liable for any delay as a result of a delay in payment of the AWS Outpost
Fee by the Customer.

The Customer acknowledges that where
the cost of providing the AWS Outpost increases to WHG, WHG may increase the cost associated with providing such AWS Outpost to Customer
by the same percentage as the increase to WHG.

(iii) AWS Hub (Environments are Staging, Development, Audit and Production): USD [****] per Monthly Period
for the Initial States, plus USD [****] per Monthly Period per Additional State. (Estimate only. Fees are dependent on volume of traffic
so can be higher. Costs shall be invoiced at the actual third-party cost incurred).

Schedule 5-1 

SCHEDULE
6 

CUSTOMER UI

[****]

Schedule 6-1 

EXECUTED BY

SIGNATURE: /s/ Phil Gelvan 

PRINT NAME: Phil Gelvan 

TITLE: Chief Executive Officer 

DATE: 2/7/2025

On behalf of WHITE HAT GAMING LIMITED

EXECUTED BY

SIGNATURE: /s/ Bruce A. Cassidy 

PRINT NAME: Bruce A. Cassidy 

TITLE: Chief Executive Officer 

DATE: 2/5/2025

On behalf of VIP PLAY, INC.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>vipz-20250207.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>vipz-20250207_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>vipz-20250207_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56290

Entity Registrant Name VIP
Play, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001832161

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-0738656

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 1645
Pine Tree Ln

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2

Entity Address, City or Town Sarasota

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34236

City Area Code (866)

Local Phone Number 783-9435

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://viplayinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
vipz-20250207.xsd 
vipz-20250207_lab.xml 
vipz-20250207_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005706-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001832161 

2025-02-07 
2025-02-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001832161 
8-K 
2025-02-07 
VIP Play, Inc. 
NV 
000-56290 
85-0738656 
1645 Pine Tree Ln 
Suite 2 
Sarasota 
FL 
34236 
(866) 
783-9435 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>