<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-036039.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-036039.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417162923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-036039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW ENGLAND REALTY ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000746514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF APARTMENT BUILDINGS [6513]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				042619298
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31568
		FILM NUMBER:		25847688

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39 BRIGHTON AVE
		CITY:			ALLSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6177830039

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39 BRIGHTON AVE
		CITY:			ALLSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02134
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512587d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000074651400007465142025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported) April 17, 2025

NEW ENGLAND REALTY ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Charter)

Massachusetts 001-31568 04-2619298

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of Incorporation) File Number) Identification Number)

39 Brighton Avenue, Allston, Massachusetts 02134

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (617) 783-0039

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

CLASS A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP UNITS NEN NYSE AMERICAN

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 15, 2025, New England Realty Associates Limited Partnership
(the Company) entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") to cause its wholly-owned
subsidiaries to purchase a multifamily and commercial real property located at 49-51-53-55 Hill Road, 10-12-22-24 Vale Road and 7-45 Hill
Road, 10-16 Pond Street, 18-24 Pond Street, 26-32 Pond Street, 34-40 Pond Street, 66-72 Pond Street, 74-80 Pond Street, 6-8 Pond Street,
13-19 Pond Street, 14-20 Hill Road, 22-28 Hill Road, 30-36 Hill Road, 38-44 Hill Road, 46-52 Hill Road, 42-48 Pond Street, 45-51 Pond
Street, 50-56 Pond Street, 53-59 Pond Street, 58-64 Pond Street, 21-27 Pond Street, 29-35 Pond Street, and 37-43 Pond Street (the Hill
Estates Properties), together with commercial properties located at 1 Vale Road (aka 4 Vale Road), 4 Hill Road and 55 Brighton
Street. In addition, the Company is also buying two non-contiguous commercial properties located at 26 Brighton Avenue, and 90 Concord
Avenue, Belmont, Middlesex County, Massachusetts (the Off Campus Properties) from Oak Realty and Service Company, LLC, Vale
Realty and Service Company, LLC and Digiovanni Bros., Inc. (collectively, the Seller).

The property consists of 391 residential condominium units within twenty-eight
(28) buildings known as Hill Estates, a two-story maintenance and administrative building, a two-story office building with basement,
a two-story mixed use building with two ground floor retail units and five residential apartment units, a 10,500 square foot office building,
and an approximately 13,350 square foot office building, along with all buildings, structures, fixtures, roads, driveways, approximately
589 parking spaces, and other improvements on the property. The total purchase price for the property under the purchase agreement is
$175,000,000 with an allocated purchase price of $172,000,000 for the Hill Estates Properties and three commercial buildings, and $3,000,000
for the Off Campus Properties. The Company provided a $5,000,000 deposit at signing of the Purchase Agreement, refundable upon termination
of the Purchase Agreement due to uncured title objections, a Major Casualty (in excess of $500,000), or any Seller default. The purchase
and sale of the property is subject to a title due diligence period for the Company which will expire on May 6, 2025. In addition, the
Company may perform any other inspections it deems necessary up until the closing date. The Company expects closing of the purchase on
May 15, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The Company has the right to extend the 30-day closing date by an additional
30 days, upon notice and payment of an additional $3,000,000 deposit. The Company plans to finance the purchase with cash and debt.

The Companys obligation to purchase the Hill Estates Properties,
the commercial properties and the Off Campus Properties is conditioned upon (i) delivery of all required items to the Company as set forth
in the Purchase Agreement; (ii) all of Sellers representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement being true and
correct in all material respects as of the closing; (iii) Seller having performed and observed all covenants made in the Purchase Agreement
in all material respects; and (iv) the purchased property being in the same condition as of the closing as it was on the date the Purchase
Agreement was signed, reasonable wear and tear and damage by minor casualty only excepted.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties
made by the parties thereto and customary covenants and agreements.

The foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of which is set forth in Exhibit 1.01 attached
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this item 1.01 by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements made in this release that are not strictly statements of historical facts,
including the Companys expectations regarding: (i) the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of the proposed purchase of
the Hill Estate Properties, the commercial properties and the Off Campus Properties and (ii) the expected occurrence of such closing and
the timing thereof. Statements of anticipated future results are based on current expectations and are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to: the Companys ability to complete due diligence to its satisfaction and the Companys
ability to obtain financing sufficient to complete the proposed transaction. Actual results may differ markedly from managements
expectations. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date of this report and the Company does not intend to update forward-looking
statements other than as required by law.

Item 9.01

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.01 PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN OAK REALTY AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC, VALE REALTY AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC, and DIGIOVANNI
BROS., INC., AS SELLER, AND HILL ESTATES NERA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and BRIGHTON 26 & CONCORD 90 NERA, LLC,
a Massachusetts limited liability company, AS PURCHASERAs of April 15, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File-the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEW ENGLAND REALTY ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

By: NewReal, Inc., its General Partner

By /s/ Jameson Brown

Jameson Brown, its Treasurer

Date April 17, 2025 

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512587d1_ex1-01.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.01
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.01

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

BY AND BETWEEN

OAK REALTY AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC,

VALE REALTY AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC, and

DIGIOVANNI BROS., INC., 

AS SELLER,

AND

HILL ESTATES NERA, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, and

BRIGHTON 26 & CONCORD 90 NERA, LLC,
a Massachusetts limited liability company,

AS PURCHASER

As of April 15, 2025

PURCHASE AND SALE
AGREEMENT

THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of the 15th day of April, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and between OAK REALTY AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Oak Realty), VALE
REALTY AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company (Vale Realty), and DIGIOVANNI BROS.,
INC., a Massachusetts corporation (DiGiovanni Bros.), each having an office at 4 Vale Road, Belmont, Massachusetts
02478 (collectively, Seller), and HILL ESTATES NERA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Hill
Estates Purchaser), and BRIGHTON 26 & CONCORD 90 NERA, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company (Brighton/Concord
Purchaser), each having an office located at 39 Brighton Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02134 (collectively, Purchaser).

R E C I T A L

WHEREAS, Seller is the owner
of the Property (as hereinafter defined). Seller desires to sell the Property to Purchaser and Purchaser desires to buy the Property from
Seller, all on and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

NOW THEREFORE, for good and
valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

PURCHASE AND SALE

1.1Agreement of Purchase and Sale. Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Seller agrees to sell,
assign, transfer and convey to Purchaser and Purchaser agrees to purchase, accept and acquire the following:

(a)The property described on Schedule 1.1(a) attached hereto and made a part hereof including, without limitation the
land and all of the condominium units (together with such units interest in any common areas, and to the extent applicable, any
and all declarants rights thereunder, which declarants rights shall be assigned to Purchaser pursuant to an Assignment and
Conveyance of Declarants Rights in form and substance substantially similar to the form attached hereto as Exhibit A), consisting
of 391 residential condominium units within twenty-eight (28) buildings located at, 49-51-53-55 Hill Road, 10-12-22-24 Vale Road and 7-45
Hill Road, 10-16 Pond Street, 18-24 Pond Street, 26-32 Pond Street, 34-40 Pond Street, 66-72 Pond Street, 74-80 Pond Street, 6-8 Pond
Street, 13-19 Pond Street, 14-20 Hill Road, 22-28 Hill Road, 30-36 Hill Road, 38-44 Hill Road, 46-52 Hill Road, 42-48 Pond Street, 45-51
Pond Street, 50-56 Pond Street, 53-59 Pond Street, 58-64 Pond Street, 21-27 Pond Street, 29-35 Pond Street, and 37-43 Pond Street, Belmont,
Middlesex County, Massachusetts, and known as Hill Estates including any right, title and interest of Seller in and to adjacent streets,
alleys or rights-of-way, and other appurtenant rights with respect to said units (collectively, the Hill Estates Premises);

1

(b)The real property described on Schedule 1.1(b) attached hereto and made a part hereof including, without limitation
the land and buildings thereon, consisting of one (1) two-story maintenance and administrative building located at 1 Vale Road (aka 4
Vale Road), Belmont, Middlesex County, Massachusetts (the 1 Vale Premises);

(c)The real property described on Schedule 1.1(c) attached hereto and made a part hereof including, without limitation
the land and buildings thereon, consisting of one (1) two-story office building with basement, located at 4 Hill Road, Belmont, Middlesex
County, Massachusetts (the 4 Hill Premises);

(d)The real property described on Schedule 1.1(d) attached hereto and made a part hereof including, without limitation
the land and buildings thereon, consisting of two (2) ground floor retail units and five (5) second floor residential apartment units
within a single two-story mixed use building located at 55 Brighton Street, Belmont, Middlesex County, Massachusetts (the 55
Brighton Premises);

(e)The real property described on Schedule 1.1(e) attached hereto and made a part hereof including, without limitation
the land and buildings thereon, consisting of one (1) approximately 10,500 square foot office building located at 26 Brighton Street,
Belmont, Middlesex County, Massachusetts (the 26 Brighton Premises);

(f)The real property described on Schedule 1.1(f) attached hereto and made a part hereof including, without limitation
the land and buildings thereon, consisting of one (1) approximately 13,350 square foot office building located at 90 Concord Avenue, Belmont,
Middlesex County, Massachusetts (the 90 Concord Premises). (The 26 Brighton Premises and the 90 Concord Premises
are not contiguous to the Hill Estate Premises, and they are, collectively, referred to herein as the Off-Campus Properties.)
(The Hill Estates Premises, the 1 Vale Premises, the 4 Hill Premises, the 55 Brighton Premises, and the Off-Campus Properties are, collectively,
referred to herein as the Premises);

(g)All buildings (the Buildings), structures, fixtures, roads, driveways, the approximately 589 parking
spaces, and other improvements on the Premises (collectively, the Improvements);

(h)all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to all tangible personal property located upon or used in connection
with the ownership or operation of the Premises or the Improvements (the Personal Property), including specifically,
without limitation, appliances, furniture, carpeting, draperies and curtains, tools and supplies, wall unit air conditioning, patio, community
laundry, and other items of personal property (excluding cash and accounts receivable) used exclusively in connection with the operation
of the Premises and the Improvements, but specifically excluding (i) any proprietary or confidential materials; (ii) any property
that serves or is used in connection with any property other than the Property (as hereinafter defined); (iii) any property owned
by tenants or parties other than Seller; and (iv) any property leased by Seller. A list of the Personal Property included in the
sale is attached as Schedule 1.1(g) and a list of the personal property excluded from the sale is set forth on Schedule 1.1(h)
attached hereto (the Excluded Personal Property Schedule);

2

(i)all of Sellers right, title and interest as landlord in and to all lease agreements as set forth on the rent rolls
(the Rent Roll) attached hereto as Schedule 1.1(i) and made a part hereof, and as updated through Closing
(collectively, the Leases) and all security deposits, including first and last months rent, paid to the landlord
under the Leases (including all interest thereon to which the tenants are entitled to receive) to the extent not applied in the case of
a tenant default in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (collectively, the Security Deposits);

(j)all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to all contracts and agreements (collectively, the Property
Agreements) listed and described on Schedule 1.1(j) attached hereto and made a part hereof, relating to the upkeep,
repair, maintenance or operation of the Premises or Improvements which will extend beyond the Closing Date (as such term is defined in
Section 4.1 hereof) and which Purchaser has elected to assume per Section 3.3 hereof (the Assumed Agreements);

(k)all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to all licenses, permits, certificates of occupancy, approvals, dedications,
subdivision maps and entitlements now or hereafter issued, approved or granted by governmental agencies having jurisdiction over the Premises
and Improvements or any portion thereof, together with all renewals and modifications thereof (collectively, the Licenses and
Permits) listed and described on Schedule 1.1(k) attached hereto and made a part hereof;

(l)all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to all other intangible rights, titles, interests, privileges and
appurtenances owned by Seller and related to or used exclusively in connection with the ownership, use or operation of the Premises or
the Improvements to the extent Sellers rights and interests therein are transferable, including specifically, without limitation,
to the extent assignable, (i) the use of the name Hill Estates and any logos, trademarks or similar intellectual property
encompassing such name; (ii) any domain names, and, (iii) any telephone numbers, including local and toll free numbers, used in connection
with the Premises and Improvements, but specifically excluding any proprietary or confidential materials and any property that serves
or is used in connection with any property other than the Property (collectively, the Other Intangibles); and

3

(m)all books and records, ledgers, tenant records, delinquency reports, insurance records and policies, title policies and
other similar records relating to the operation of the Seller and the Premises and Improvements (the Books and Records,
together with the Premises, Improvements, Personal Property, Leases, Security Deposits, Property Agreements and Licenses and Permits and
Other Intangibles, collectively, the Property), but specifically excluding any proprietary or confidential materials
and any of the foregoing that relates to any entity other than Seller or any property other than the Premises and the Improvements.

(i) Purchase
Price. Seller is to sell and Purchaser is to purchase the Property for a total purchase price of One Hundred Seventy-Five Million
and 00/100 Dollars ($175,000,000.00) (the Purchase Price). At Closing, the Hill Estates Premises, 1 Vale Premises,
4, Hill Premises, and 55 Brighton will be conveyed to Hill Estates NERA, LLC for an allocated Purchase Price of One Hundred Seventy-Two
Million and 00/100 Dollars ($172,000,000.00), and the Off-Campus Properties will be conveyed to Brighton 26 & Concord 90 NERA,
LLC for an allocated Purchase Price of Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00).

1.2Payment of Purchase Price. At Closing the Purchase Price, subject to a credit for the Earnest Money (as defined in
Section 1.3) and subject to adjustment as specified herein, shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds or by
cashiers, treasurers or bank certified check. The Earnest Money shall be applied towards the Purchase Price.

1.3Earnest Money. Within two (2) business days (which means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday
under the laws of the United States or the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (a Business Day)) of the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, Purchaser shall deposit with the Title Company, as defined in Section 2.1 (in such capacity, the Escrow
Agent), the sum of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) (the Deposit) in good funds,
either by certified bank or cashiers check or by federal wire transfer. The Escrow Agent shall hold the Deposit in an interest-bearing
account in accordance with Article X and this Section 1.3. The Deposit, the Additional Deposit (as defined in Section 4.1(a)
below) if applicable, together with all interest earned on such sums, are herein referred to collectively as the Earnest Money.
All interest accruing on such sums shall become a part of the Earnest Money and shall be distributed as Earnest Money in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement. Time is of the essence for the delivery of Earnest Money under this Agreement.

1.4Independent Consideration. As consideration for Sellers agreement to enter into this Agreement, Purchaser
shall deliver directly to Seller, within two (2) Business Days following the Effective Date, the sum of One Hundred and 00/100 Dollars
($100.00) (the Independent Consideration), which Independent Consideration shall be retained by Seller as Sellers
sole property immediately upon receipt thereof and which shall be nonrefundable to Purchaser in all events; provided, however, that the
Independent Consideration shall be applied to the Purchase Price at Closing.

ARTICLE
II

TITLE AND SURVEY

2.1Title Examination; Commitment for Title Insurance. Promptly after the Effective Date, at Purchasers sole
cost and expense, Purchaser shall order a title commitment (the Commitment) from Commonwealth Land Title Insurance
Company, One Liberty Square, Suite 800, Boston, Massachusetts, Attn: Donna Truex, Underwriting Counsel, 617-790-2137, donna.truex@fnf.com
(the Title Company), for the issuance of a pro forma owners title insurance policy for the Premises and Improvements
(the Pro Forma Policy). Any and all matters that are of record as of the date of the Commitment are referred to
herein as Title Matters.

4

2.2Survey. Purchaser may, at Purchasers sole cost and expense, employ a surveyor or surveying firm, licensed
by the State in which the Property is located, to prepare and deliver to Purchaser a survey of the Property (the Survey).
Any and all matters that would be shown on such a survey of the Property, prepared in accordance with applicable ALTA survey standards,
are referred to herein as Survey Matters. Seller has provided Purchaser with a copy of Sellers most recent
survey of the Premises, which is entitled Plan of Land in Belmont, Mass. Surveyed for Oak Realty and Service Company, LLP
dated March 25, 2011 and prepared by Design Consultants, Inc. (the Existing Survey). Seller hereby affirms that there have
been no changes to the footprints of the buildings included in the Existing Survey, and agrees to provide a no-change affidavit at the
Closing certified to the Purchaser and the Title Company in the form attached hereto as Schedule 2.2 (the No Change Affidavit).

2.3Title Objections; Cure of Title Objections.

(a)Purchaser shall have until 5:00 P.M. eastern standard time on the day which is seven (7) Business Days prior to Initial Closing
Date (the Title Objection Period) to review the Commitment, the related exception documents and the Survey and to
notify Seller, in writing, of such objections as Purchaser may have to matters contained therein (Title Objections).
Any Title Matters or Survey Matters to which Purchaser does not object prior to the expiration of the Title Objection Period or the Purchaser
waives pursuant to Section 2.3(b) shall be permitted exceptions to title (each, a Permitted Exception).

(b)If Purchaser timely notifies Seller of its Title Objections prior to the expiration of the Title Objection Period, Seller
shall use reasonable efforts to remove, satisfy or otherwise cure such Title Objections to Purchasers reasonable satisfaction prior
to the Closing Date. As used herein, reasonable efforts shall not require Seller to expend more than One Hundred
Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00) to cure such objections, exclusive of Financial Encumbrances (as defined below). Seller
shall have until the Closing Date to attempt to remove, satisfy or cure the Title Objections, and for this purpose Seller shall be entitled
to a reasonable adjournment of the Closing if additional time is required, but in no event shall the adjournment exceed thirty (30) days.
Seller may, but shall not be obligated to, cure or remove same; however, Seller agrees to consult with the Title Company in order to determine
which Title Objections, if any, the Title Company is willing to remove, all with no action required on the part of Seller. Such Title
Objections shall be deemed cured or removed if the Title Company issues a revised Commitment to issue, at Closing, an ALTA Owner's Policy
of Title Insurance in the amount of the Purchase Price in favor of Purchaser, with such Title Objections having been removed as exceptions
or insured over by the Title Company. In the event Seller is unable to effect a cure prior to either the original Closing Date, which
cure shall include the Title Company agreeing to remove any Title Objection as an Permitted Exception from the Commitment and/or Pro Forma
Policy or otherwise insured over by the Title Company, or any date to which the Closing has been extended, Purchaser shall have the following
options: (i) to waive such Title Objections (each of which shall be deemed a Permitted Exception) and proceed to the Closing subject
to the Permitted Exceptions and without any reduction of the Purchase Price; or (ii) to terminate this Agreement by sending timely
written notice thereof to Seller, and upon delivery of such notice of termination, this Agreement shall terminate and the Earnest Money
shall be returned to Purchaser, and thereafter neither party hereto shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder
except to the extent that any right, obligation or liability set forth herein expressly survives termination of this Agreement. If Seller
notifies Purchaser that Seller will be unable to effect a cure thereof (or if Seller has failed to effectuate such cure on or before the
Closing Date, as the same may be extended hereunder), Purchaser shall, within three (3) Business Days after such notice has been received
or the Closing Date (as the same may be extended hereunder), whichever is earlier, notify Seller in writing whether Purchaser shall elect
to proceed to the Closing under sub-section (i) above or to terminate this Agreement under sub-section (ii) above (and failure to timely
deliver such notice shall irrevocably be deemed an election by Purchaser to proceed under sub-section (i) above). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any title matter which is a financial encumbrance such as a mortgage, deed of trust, or other
debt security voluntarily incurred by Seller, which is outstanding against the Property, or any part thereof (herein such matters are
referred to as Financial Encumbrances) shall in no event be deemed a Permitted Exception, and Seller hereby covenants
to remove all Financial Encumbrances on or before the Closing Date without regard to the definition of reasonable efforts
above.

5

(c)For the avoidance of doubt, the Property will not conform with the title provisions of this Agreement unless:

(i)All Buildings and other Improvements, including but not limited to, any driveways, patios, walkways, fences, parking spaces,
dumpsters, jersey barriers and all means of access to the Property, are located completely within the boundary lines of the Property and
do not encroach upon or under the property of any other person or entity without the benefit of a perpetual appurtenant easement;

(ii)No building, structure or improvement of any kind belonging to another person or entity encroaches upon or under the Property
without the benefit of an appurtenant easement; and

(iii)The Premises abuts or has indefeasible access to a public way, duly laid out or accepted as such by the city or town in
which the Property is located.

2.4Permitted Exceptions to Title. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Premises and Improvements
shall be subject to the following matters, which shall be deemed to be Permitted Exceptions, and Purchaser shall have no right to object
to any of the following:

(a)the rights of tenants, as tenants only, under the Leases and any new Leases entered into between the Effective Date and
Closing as permitted under this Agreement;

(b)the lien of all ad valorem real estate taxes and assessments or water and sewer charges for the current fiscal year and
not otherwise yet due and payable as of the Closing Date, subject to adjustment as herein provided;

6

(c)local, state and federal laws, ordinances or governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, building and zoning
laws, ordinances and regulations, now or hereafter in effect relating to the Premises and Improvements; and

(d)Title Matters and Survey Matters that are either (i) not subject to objection by Purchaser hereunder; or (ii) not
timely objected to by Purchaser; or (iii) timely objected to by Purchaser, with a subsequent cure, waiver or deemed cure and/or waiver
to such objection by Purchaser, all in accordance with Section 2.3 and Section 2.5 hereof.

2.5Pre-Closing Gap Title Defects. Following the Title Objection Period, Purchaser may, within two (2)
Business Days of receipt of any updates to the Commitment or the Pro Forma Policy, notify Seller in writing of any additional objections
to any title matters appearing of record subsequent to the date of the Commitment. With respect to any objections to title set forth in
such notice (Gap Title Objections), Seller shall have the same option to remove, satisfy or cure, and Purchaser shall
have the same option to accept title subject to such matters or to terminate this Agreement as those which apply to any notice of objections
made by Purchaser before the expiration of the Title Objection Period. If Seller is required to remove, satisfy or cure, or elects to
attempt to remove, satisfy or cure, as applicable, any such matters, the date for Closing may be extended, if necessary, by a reasonable
period of time to effect same, but in no event shall the adjournment exceed thirty (30) days. This Section 2.5 is subject to Section
2.3 hereof.

ARTICLE
III

INSPECTION RIGHT; Property Diligence Materials; Assumed agreements

3.1 Right
of Inspection.

(a)During the term of this Agreement, Purchaser shall have the right to make one or more non-invasive inspections of the Property
and to examine, at such place or places at the Land and Improvements, in the offices of the property manager or elsewhere as the same
may be located. Purchaser understands and agrees that any on-site inspections of the Land and Improvements shall be conducted upon at
least forty-eight (48) hours prior notice to Seller (which may be written or via email) and provided that, as to in-unit inspections,
the notice period shall be consistent with the notice period Seller must give tenants under the Leases and under applicable state and
local law. Any such inspections and interviews shall be conducted in the presence of Seller or its representative and shall occur at reasonable
times agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser. Purchaser shall have the right to conduct tenant interviews of commercial tenants during the
Title Objection Period. Purchaser may contact the property manager or its employees with respect to due diligence matters during the course
of Purchasers inspections. Such inspections shall not unreasonably interfere with the use of the Land and Improvements or its tenants
nor shall Purchasers inspection damage the Land and Improvements in any respect. Such inspections shall be conducted in accordance
with standards customarily employed in the industry and in compliance with all governmental laws, rules and regulations. Seller shall
cooperate with Purchaser in its due diligence but shall not be obligated to incur any liability or expense in connection therewith. For
avoidance of doubt, Purchaser may not conduct invasive testing or borings of any kind on the Land, including a Phase II (as such term
is commonly used in the industry).

7

(b)Purchaser agrees (i) that prior to entering the Land and Improvements to conduct any inspection, Purchaser shall obtain
and maintain, or shall cause each of its contractors and agents to maintain (and shall deliver evidence satisfactory to Seller thereof),
at no cost or expense to Seller, (i) workers compensation/employers liability coverage in the minimum statutory amount of
$500,000.00, (ii) commercial general liability insurance from an insurer reasonably acceptable to Seller in the amount of $1,000,000 per
occurrence/$2,000,000 aggregate, with combined single limit for personal injury or property damage per occurrence, such policies to name
Seller as an additional insured party, which insurance shall provide coverage against any claim for personal injury or property damage
caused by Purchaser or its agents, representatives or consultants in connection with any such tests and investigations, and (ii) to
keep the Land and Improvements free from all liens and encumbrances.

(c)Purchaser shall observe, and cause its agents and contractors to observe, all appropriate safety precautions in conducting
Purchaser's inspection of the Property and perform all work and cause its agents and contractors to perform all work, in such a manner
so as not to cause any damage to the Property, injury to any person or to the environment, or interference with any ongoing operations
at the Property. Purchaser shall indemnify, defend, and hold Seller and its wholly-owned affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, employees,
officers, directors, trustees, or other representatives of Seller (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless
from and against any losses, damages, expenses, liabilities, claims, demands, and causes of action (together with any legal fees and other
expense incurred by any of the Indemnified Parties in connection therewith), resulting directly or indirectly from, or in connection with,
any inspection of or other entry upon the Property (including any investigation of the Property necessary for completion of any Purchaser's
environmental report(s) and any entry onto the Property with the authorization of Seller) by Purchaser, or its agents, employees, contractors,
or other representatives, including, without limitation, any losses, damages, expenses, liabilities, claims, demands, and causes of action
resulting, or alleged to be resulting, from injury or death of persons, or damage to the Property or any other property, or mechanic's
or materialmen's liens placed against the Property in connection with Purchaser's inspection thereof. Purchaser agrees to promptly repair
any damage to the Property directly or indirectly caused by any acts of Purchaser, or its agents or contractors, and to restore the Property
to the condition that existed prior to Purchaser's entry. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall have no liability or obligation
with respect to any adverse condition which existed at the Property prior to Purchaser's inspection, except to the extent Purchaser's
inspection exacerbates such adverse condition. This Section shall survive Closing or other termination of this Agreement and any such
claims shall not be limited to the Survival Period.

3.2Property Diligence Materials. Purchaser shall have the right to examine certain documents related to the Property
in Sellers possession or control, as more specifically identified on Schedule 3.1 attached hereto and incorporated herein
by reference shall be made available to the Purchaser (the Property Diligence Materials). Seller shall undertake
commercially reasonable efforts deliver the Property Diligence Materials to Purchaser with two (2) Business Days following the Effective
Date.

8

3.3Assumed Agreements. On or before expiration of the Title Inspection Period, Purchaser shall deliver written notice
to Seller identifying which Property Agreements shall be assigned to Purchaser at Closing, and such Property Agreements shall constitute
the Assumed Agreements for the purposes of this Agreement. Seller shall terminate all other Property Agreements prior to Closing. Subject
to Sellers obligation to terminate all Property Agreements other than the Assumed Agreements, Seller shall continue to perform
any and all of Sellers obligations under all Property Agreements through the Closing. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, Seller agrees to cause any existing property management agreements and any leasing listing agreements to be terminated
effective as of the Closing Date and Seller shall be solely responsible for any fees or payments due thereunder.

ARTICLE
IV

CLOSING

4.1Time and Place.

(a)Subject to the provisions of Section 2.3(b) and Section 2.5 above and Section 4.1(b) below, the
consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby (the Closing) shall take place pursuant to an escrow arrangement
with the Escrow Agent consistent with the terms of this Agreement on the date which is thirty (30) days after the Effective Date (the
Initial Closing Date), as may be extended as set forth below. The date on which the Closing occurs is hereinafter
referred to as the Closing Date. Purchaser shall have the one-time right to extend the Closing Date by up to thirty
(30) days by written notice to Seller given no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the then-scheduled Closing Date, and provided
that Purchaser shall deposit an additional, non-refundable deposit of Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00) with Escrow
Agent in good funds, either by certified bank or cashiers check or by federal wire transfer (the Additional Deposit)
no later than one (1) Business Day after delivering such notice to Seller. The Additional Deposit shall otherwise be subject to the terms
and conditions under Section 1.3 of this Agreement.

(b)At the Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall perform the obligations set forth in, respectively, Section 4.2 and Section
4.3, the performance of which obligations shall be concurrent conditions.

4.2Sellers Obligations at Closing. At Closing, Seller shall:

(a)deliver to Purchaser of an Assignment and Conveyance of Declarants Rights and Quitclaim Deeds duly executed in the
forms attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B (collectively, the Deed), pursuant to which Seller sells,
assigns, transfers and conveys the Premises and Improvements to Purchaser;

9

(b)deliver to Purchaser a duly executed warranty bill of sale conveying the Personal Property to Purchaser in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C (the Bill of Sale);

(c)deliver to Purchaser a duly executed assignment and assumption agreement regarding leases, rents,
deposits and escrow accounts, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Assignment of
Leases);

(d)deliver to Purchaser a duly executed assignment and assumption of the Assumed Agreements and the Intangible Property in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the General Assignment);

(e)deliver to Purchaser a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and executed on behalf of Seller by a duly authorized officer
thereof, confirming that the representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material
respects as of the Closing Date (with appropriate modifications of those representations and warranties made in Section 5.1 hereof
to reflect any changes therein including without limitation any changes resulting from actions under Section 5.4 hereof) or identifying
any representation or warranty which is not, or no longer is, true and correct and explaining the state of facts giving rise to the change;

(f)deliver to Purchaser such evidence as the Title Company may reasonably require as to the authority of the person or persons
executing documents on behalf of Seller;

(g)deliver to Purchaser a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F certifying that Seller is not a
foreign person as defined in the Federal Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 and the 1984 Tax Reform Act,
together with a corporate excise tax lien waiver on behalf of any corporate seller;

(h)deliver to Purchaser such affidavits from Seller as the Title Company may reasonably require in order to omit from its title
insurance policy all exceptions for parties in possession other than under the Leases and mechanics liens, along with a gap indemnity
and the No-Change Affidavit;

(i)deliver to Purchaser a counterpart of a closing statement (the Closing Statement) prepared by the Escrow
Agent that sets forth the prorations and credits, the Purchase Price and other amounts paid and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement;

(j)deliver to Purchaser at the Premises:

(i)the Leases, together with the leasing and property files and records which are material in connection with the continued
operation, leasing and maintenance of the Premises and Improvements, if any, in the possession and control of Seller;

(ii)all
Assumed Agreements, if any, in the possession and control of Seller;

10

(iii)all Licenses and Permits, if any, in the possession and control of Seller;

(iv)the Books and Records; and

(v)all Security Deposits and other tenant funds held in escrow (to the extent such Security Deposits or other funds are not
applied against delinquent rents or otherwise as provided in the Leases) as reflected in the Updated Rent Roll (as hereinafter defined).

(k)deliver an updated Rent Roll (the Updated Rent Roll) for the Property, dated within five (5) days of
the Closing Date, certified by Seller as being true and correct, containing the same type of information as provided in the Rent Roll;

(l)join with Purchaser to execute a notice, which Purchaser shall send to each tenant under each of the Leases informing such
tenant of the sale of the Property and of the assignment to Purchaser of Sellers interest in, and obligations under, the Leases
(including, if applicable any security deposits) and directing that all rent and other sums payable after the Closing under each such
Lease shall be paid as set forth in the notice;

(m)deliver to Purchaser possession and occupancy of the Property (including all keys held by Seller or any of Sellers
agents), subject to the Permitted Exceptions; and

(n)deliver to Purchaser a landlord estoppel certificate in a form and substance substantially
similar to the form attached hereto as Exhibit H. Seller shall also use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and deliver to
Buyer at Closing estoppel certificates executed by tenants of the commercial tenancies in the Premises, in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit H-1, consistent with the applicable lease terms and confirming the economic terms shown on the Rent Rolls and reasonably
acceptable to Buyer; provided, however, (i) the delivery of any such tenant estoppels shall not be a condition precedent to Purchasers
obligation to perform hereunder, and (ii) Seller shall have no obligation to pursue, request, obtain or deliver estoppel certificates
from tenants of the residential units.

(o)deliver such additional documents as shall be reasonably required to consummate the transaction expressly contemplated by
this Agreement.

4.3Purchasers Obligations at Closing. At Closing, Purchaser shall:

(a)pay to Seller the full amount of the Purchase Price, as increased or decreased by prorations and adjustments as herein provided,
in immediately available wire transferred U.S. funds pursuant to Section 1.3 above, it being agreed that at Closing the Earnest
Money shall be delivered to Seller and applied towards payment of the Purchase Price;

(b)join Seller in execution of the instruments described in Section 4.2(c), Section 4.2(d), Section 4.2(i),
and Section 4.2(l) above;

11

(c)deliver to Seller a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and executed on behalf of Purchaser by a duly authorized officer
thereof, confirming that the representations and warranties of Purchaser contained in this Agreement are true and correct as of the Closing
Date;

(d)deliver to Seller such evidence as the Title Company may reasonably require as to the authority of the person or persons
executing documents on behalf of Purchaser; and

(e)deliver such additional documents as shall be reasonably required to consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

4.4Credits and Prorations.

(a)The following shall be apportioned between Seller and Purchaser with respect to the Property as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time
on the day of Closing, as if Purchaser owned the Property during the entire day upon which Closing occurs:

(i)rents, as and when actually collected by Seller or its management agent (the term rents as used in
this Agreement includes all payments due and payable by tenants under the Leases), based on the Updated Rent Roll;

(ii)taxes for the current fiscal year (including personal property taxes on the Personal Property)
and assessments levied against the Premises and Improvements;

(iii)payments due and any prepayments made under the Assumed Agreements;

(iv)gas, electricity and other utility charges, such charges to be apportioned at Closing on the basis of the most recent meter
reading occurring prior to Closing; and

(v)any other operating expenses or other items pertaining to the Property (except insurance) which are customarily prorated
between a purchaser and a seller of real property in the area in which the Premises is located.

(b)Notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing provisions:

(i)At Closing, Purchaser shall credit to the account of Seller all refundable cash or other deposits posted with utility companies
serving the Premises and Improvements, or, at Sellers option, Seller shall be entitled to receive and retain such refundable cash
and deposits.

(ii)At Closing, Purchaser shall receive a credit for the aggregate amount of (a) all Security Deposits, and (b) any other deposits
due and payable to Seller pursuant to Leases to the extent the same are actually held by or on behalf of Seller; provided, however, Seller
shall be entitled to apply Security Deposits against delinquent rent prior to Closing in the ordinary course of business.

12

(iii)Any taxes paid at or prior to Closing on account of the real or personal property for the current fiscal year shall be prorated
based upon the amounts actually paid. If taxes and assessments for the current year have not been paid before Closing, Seller shall be
charged at Closing an amount equal to that portion of such taxes and assessments which relates to the period before Closing and, following
the Closing, Purchaser shall pay the taxes and assessments prior to their becoming delinquent. Any such apportionment made with respect
to a tax year for which the tax rate or assessed valuation, or both, have not yet been fixed shall be based upon the tax rate and/or assessed
valuation last fixed. To the extent that the actual taxes and assessments for the current year differ from the amount apportioned at Closing,
the parties shall make all necessary adjustments by appropriate payments between themselves promptly following Closing.

(iv)Seller shall receive the entire advantage of any discounts for the prepayment prior to the Closing of any taxes, water rates
or sewer rents.

(v)Unpaid and delinquent rent after the Closing Date shall be delivered as follows:
(a) if Seller collects any unpaid or delinquent rent after the Closing Date relating to post-Closing periods, Seller shall,
within ten (10) days after the receipt thereof, deliver to Purchaser any such rent which Purchaser is entitled to hereunder relating
to the Closing Date and any period thereafter, and (b) if Purchaser collects any unpaid or delinquent rent which accrued and
was due and payable to Seller prior to the Closing Date, Purchaser shall, within ten (10) days after the receipt thereof, deliver to
Seller any such rent which Seller is entitled to hereunder relating to the period prior to the Closing Date. Seller and Purchaser
agree that if, as of the Closing, any rent is in arrears (Delinquent Rent) for the calendar month in which the
Closing occurs but not for prior periods, then the first rent collected by Purchaser shall be deemed to be attributable to the
calendar month in which the Closing occurred and it shall be prorated between Purchaser and Seller as of the Closing. If Delinquent
Rent is in arrears for a period prior to the calendar month in which the Closing occurs, then rents collected by Purchaser shall
first be applied to current rent and then to Delinquent Rent. Purchaser will make a good faith effort after Closing to collect all
rents (including Delinquent Rent) in the usual course of Purchasers operation of the Property.

(c)The provisions of this Section 4.4 shall survive Closing; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the foregoing, all adjustments and prorations (except as to errors caused by misrepresentation) shall be deemed final upon the expiration
of one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date, except (i) as to the items set forth in Section 4.4(b)(v), and (ii) with
respect to property taxes, if the current tax rate or assessed valuation is not available by such date, adjustments with respect to property
taxes shall be made within thirty (30) days after the later to become available of the tax rate or assessed valuation.

13

4.5Closing Costs. Purchaser shall pay all costs and expenses associated with its due diligence review, its own counsel
fees, any fees and other amounts charged by parties providing debt or equity financing to Purchaser or by counsel to such parties, all
title insurance premiums and costs, any survey costs, and one half of the Escrow Agents fee. Seller shall pay its own counsel fees,
any real estate transfer taxes, the recording costs for any documents required to clear title in accordance herewith, and one half of
the Escrow Agents fee. Any other closing costs shall be allocated as is customary in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

4.6Conditions Precedent to Obligation of Purchaser. The obligation of Purchaser to consummate the transaction hereunder
shall be subject to the fulfillment on or before the Closing Date of all of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived
by Purchaser in its sole discretion:

(a)Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser all of the items required to be delivered to Purchaser pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, including but not limited to, those provided for in Section 4.2.

(b)All of the representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement were true and correct in all material respects
when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date.

(c)Seller shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants and agreements of this Agreement to be
performed and observed by Seller as of the Closing Date.

(d)The Property shall be in the same condition on the Closing Date as it was in on the Effective Date, reasonable wear and
tear and damage by minor casualty only excepted.

4.7Conditions Precedent to Obligation of Seller. The obligation of Seller to consummate the transaction hereunder shall
be subject to the fulfillment on or before the Closing Date of all of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived by Seller
in its sole discretion:

(a)Seller shall have received the Purchase Price as adjusted pursuant to and payable in the manner provided for in this Agreement.

(b)Purchaser shall have delivered to Seller all of the items required to be delivered to Seller pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, including but not limited to, those provided for in Section 4.3.

(c)All of the representations and warranties of Purchaser contained in this Agreement were true and correct in all material
respects when made and shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date.

(d)Purchaser shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants and agreements of this Agreement to
be performed and observed by Purchaser as of the Closing Date.

14

4.8Failure of Condition. If any condition set forth in Section 4.6 is not satisfied or waived on or before
the Closing, then, so long as the Purchaser has acted in good faith and with due diligence in performing its obligations hereunder and
cooperating with Seller in its performance hereunder, such failure of condition shall constitute a default by Seller, and Purchaser may
pursue its remedies under Article VI. If any condition set forth in Section 4.7 is not satisfied or waived on
or before the Closing, then, so long as Seller has acted in good faith and with due diligence in performing its obligations hereunder
and cooperating with Seller in its performance hereunder, such failure of condition shall constitute a default by Purchaser, and Seller
may pursue its remedies under Article VI.

ARTICLE
V

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

5.1Representations and Warranties of Seller. Seller hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser
as of the Effective Date:

(a)Organization and Authority. (For clarity, the Hill Estates Premises are owned by Oak Realty. The 1 Vale Premises,
the 4 Hill Premises, the 55 Brighton Premises and the Off-Campus Properties are owned by Vale Realty. DiGiovanni Bros. owns Personal Property
used in connection with the Premises.) Vale Realty has been duly organized and is validly existing under the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. DiGiovanni Bros has been duly incorporated and is validly existing under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Oak Realty has been duly incorporated and is validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and is duly qualified and authorized
to conduct business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Seller has the full right and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
consummate or cause to be consummated the transactions contemplated herein to be made by Seller. The persons signing this Agreement on
behalf of Seller are authorized to do so, and this Agreement is a legal and binding obligation of Seller enforceable in accordance with
its terms, subject to principles of equity and laws affecting creditors rights generally. This Agreement and each document to be
executed and delivered by Seller at the Closing (i) are, or at the time of Closing will be, duly authorized, executed and delivered
by Seller, (ii) do not, and at the time of Closing will not, violate any provision of any judicial order to which Seller is a party
or to which Seller or the Property is subject, and (iii) constitute, or in the case of the Seller Closing Documents will constitute,
a valid and legally binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its respective terms.

(b)Pending Actions. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.1(b), there is no action, suit, arbitration, unsatisfied
order or judgment, governmental investigation or proceeding pending or, to Sellers knowledge, threatened against Seller, the Property
or the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, which, if adversely determined, could individually or in the aggregate have a material
adverse effect on title to the Property, or which would have a material adverse effect on the Improvements being used as currently leased,
which includes apartment rental units, retail and office uses, or to the operation of the Property for such purposes, or which could in
any material way interfere with the consummation by Seller of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

15

(c)Leases. Oak Realty and Vale Realty are the respective lessors or landlords or the successor lessors or landlords
under the residential and commercial Leases. Seller has delivered true and complete copies of the Leases to which Seller is a party and
all existing amendments thereto to Purchaser. Except as set forth in the Rent Roll, there are no other leases or occupancy agreements
to which Seller is a party affecting the Premises and Improvements. The termination of any Lease prior to Closing by reason of the tenants
default shall not affect the obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement in any manner or entitle Purchaser to an abatement of or credit
against the Purchase Price or give rise to any other claim on the part of Purchaser. The Rent Roll is and the Updated Rent Roll shall
be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date of delivery of each. The Rent Roll identifies all Security Deposits,
first and last months rent, and any interest accrued thereon. Except as set forth in the Rent Roll, no tenant is entitled to any
tenant improvement allowance, rent concession, rent-free occupancy, reduction or abatement of rent for any reason whatsoever, and to Sellers
knowledge, neither Seller nor any tenant is in default thereunder. There are no brokerage agreements relating to the Leases that are currently
in effect.

(d)Condemnation. Seller has received no written notice of any pending condemnation proceedings relating to the Premises
and Improvements and, to Sellers knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened.

(e)Employees. Neither Oak Realty nor Vale Realty has any employees. DiGiovanni Bros. manages and operates a portion
of the Property and has employees.

(f)Conflicting Agreements. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and the compliance with the terms of this Agreement will not conflict with, or, with or without notice or the passage
of time or both, result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any material document, instrument,
or agreement to which Seller is a party or by which Seller or any of the Property is bound, which breach or default would prevent, hinder,
or impair the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(g)Property Agreements. Seller has delivered true and complete copies of the Property Agreements to which Seller is
a party and all existing amendments thereto to Purchaser. There are no Property Agreements to which Seller is a party except as set forth
on Schedule 1.1(e). To Sellers knowledge, there is no default by any party under any of the Property Agreements. The
Property Diligence Materials delivered by the are true, accurate and complete in all materials respects.

(h)Licenses and Permits. To Sellers knowledge, Seller has delivered true and complete copies of the Licenses
and Permits and all renewals and modifications thereto to Purchaser. There are no Licenses and Permits to which Seller is a party except
as set forth on Schedule 1.1(f). To Sellers knowledge, there is no default by any party under any of the Licenses and
Permits.

16

(i)Legal Compliance. Seller has not received written notice from any governmental entity or instrumentality, or any
other party, indicating that either the Premises or Improvements violates or fails to comply in any material respect with any governmental
or judicial law, order, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, any pending or threatened violation of environmental laws),
which violation or failure to comply has not been cured.

(j)Bankruptcy. Seller has not filed or been the subject of any filing of a petition under the federal bankruptcy law
or any state insolvency laws or laws for the reorganization of debtors. Seller is not insolvent (within the meaning of any applicable
Federal or state law relating to bankruptcy or fraudulent transfers) and will not be rendered insolvent by the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

(k)ERISA. No Employee Benefit Plan within the meaning of Section 3.3 of the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974
(ERISA), sponsored or maintained by Seller, its subsidiaries or affiliates has any interest in the Property, whether
(without limiting the foregoing) as an owner, lender, lessee, sublessee, creditor, secured party, assignee or otherwise, nor is the Property
subject to any lien under ERISA or the Code.

(l)OFAC. Seller is not a person or entity with whom the United States, any Person or entities are restricted or prohibited
from doing business under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) of the Department of the Treasury
(including those named on OFACs specially designated and blocked persons list) or under any statute, executive order (including
the September 24, 2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or
Support Terrorism), or other governmental action, and is not and will not engage in any dealings or transactions or be otherwise associated
with such persons or entities.

(m)Taxes and Assessments. Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.1(m), Seller has not filed, and has not retained
anyone to file, notices of protests against, or to commence action to review, real property tax assessments against the Property. Seller
has not received written notice from any party relating to any pending or threatened assessment affecting the Property.

(n)Insurance. Seller has not received any written notice from any insurance company or board of fire underwriters of
any defects or inadequacies in or on the Property or any part or component thereof that would materially and adversely affect the insurability
of the Property or cause any material increase in the premiums for insurance for the Property that have not been cured or repaired. Seller
will maintain through the Closing Date insurance coverage for the Property as presently insured.

(o)Personal Property. Seller owns the Personal Property, which is not subject to any equipment leases, license agreements
or other arrangements, except as may be set forth in the Property Agreements and/or Licenses and Permits.

17

5.2Knowledge Defined. References to the knowledge of Seller shall refer only to the actual knowledge
of Anthony DiGiovanni, who is/are principal(s) of Seller, and shall not be construed, by imputation or otherwise, to refer to the knowledge
of Seller, its members and investors, or any affiliate of any of them, or to any of their officers, agents, managers, representatives
or employees or to impose upon such person any duty to investigate the matter to which such actual knowledge, or the absence thereof,
pertains.

5.3Survival of, and Liability with Respect to, Sellers Representations and Warranties.

(a)The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 5.1, as updated by the certificate of Seller
to be delivered to Purchaser at Closing in accordance with Section 4.2(e) hereof, shall survive Closing for a period of nine (9)
months (the Survival Period).

(b)No claim for a breach of any representation or warranty of Seller shall be actionable or payable (i) if the breach
in question results from or is based on a condition, state of facts or other matter which was known to Purchaser prior to Closing, (ii) unless
the valid claims for all such breaches collectively aggregate more than $25,000 and then only to the extent of such excess, and (iii) unless
written notice containing a description of the specific nature of such breach shall have been given by Purchaser to Seller prior to the
expiration of the Survival Period and an action shall have been commenced by Purchaser against Seller within thirty (30) days after the
termination of the Survival Period.

(c)In no event shall (i) Sellers aggregate liability to Purchaser with respect to (A) any breach of any representation
or warranty of Seller in this Agreement (as modified by the certificate to be delivered by Seller at Closing pursuant to Section 4.2(e)
hereof), and (B) any other claim whatsoever by Purchaser against Seller in connection with this Agreement or the sale of the Property
to Seller exceed the amount of the Cap, or (ii) Seller be liable for consequential, speculative or punitive damages. As used herein,
the term Cap shall mean an amount equal to Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00).

(d)In no event shall Seller be liable to Purchaser for, or be deemed to be in default hereunder by reason of, any breach of
representation or warranty which results from any change that (i) occurs between the Effective Date and the Closing Date and (ii) is
expressly permitted under the terms of this Agreement or is beyond the reasonable control of Seller to prevent; provided, however, that
the occurrence of a change which is not permitted hereunder or is beyond the reasonable control of Seller to prevent shall, if materially
adverse to Purchaser, constitute the non-fulfillment of the condition set forth in Section 4.6(b). If, despite changes or
other matters described in the certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.2(e), the Closing occurs, Sellers representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement shall be deemed to have been modified by all statements made in such certificate.

5.4Covenants of Seller. Seller hereby covenants with Purchaser as follows:

(a)From the Effective Date hereof until the Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement, Seller shall operate and maintain
the Property in a manner generally consistent with the manner in which Seller has operated and maintained the Property prior to the date
hereof, in all cases subject to ordinary wear and tear.

18

(b)From the Effective Date through the Closing Date, (i) Seller shall not enter into any new residential Lease, or (ii) agree
to any renewal of any existing residential Lease other than to the extent such renewal terms are on a month-to-month tenancy at will arrangement.
Seller shall have the right to terminate any existing residential Lease in the event of a tenants default thereunder. Seller shall
not enter into any new commercial Lease or extend or renew any existing commercial Lease with any tenant (excepting the option rights
afforded any such tenant). Seller shall have the right to terminate any existing commercial Lease in the event of a tenants default
thereunder. Seller shall not enter into, modify or amend any Property Agreement, leasing commission agreement, relocation agreement or
other similar agreement relating to the Property that is not terminable by Seller, without penalty or premium, upon not more than thirty
(30) days prior written notice.

(c)Other than with respect to Assumed Agreements, upon written request of Purchaser, as of the Closing Date, Seller shall terminate
any Property Agreements, leasing commission agreements, relocation agreements or other similar agreements relating to the Property specified
by Purchaser.

(d)After the Effective Date, Seller shall not create or voluntarily incur any mortgage, lien, pledge or other encumbrance affecting
the Property or any portion thereof other than the Permitted Exceptions.

(e)Seller shall not, without Purchasers prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed, institute any proceedings to determine the assessed value of the Premises and Improvements or any real property taxes payable
with respect thereto.

(f)Until the Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement, Seller shall maintain in effect the current levels of insurance
regarding the Property.

(g)Seller shall execute all applications and instruments, if any, reasonably required in connection with the transfer of the
Licenses and Permits to Purchaser, and shall not amend, modify or terminate any such Licenses and Permits without Purchasers prior
written consent. Without Purchasers prior written consent, Seller shall not consent to, authorize or approve any change in zoning
or similar land use classification affecting the Property or any special assessments affecting the Property.

(h)After the Effective Date, Seller shall not market the Property for sale, solicit or accept any offers to sell the Property,
negotiate with any other party concerning the sale of the Property, or enter into any contract, letter of intent, or other agreement concerning
the sale or transfer of the Property to any third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller may respond to unsolicited inquiries solely
to inform the inquiring party that the Property is under contract.

19

5.5Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Seller, and makes
the following covenants:

(a)The Hill Estates Purchaser has been duly incorporated and is validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and
is qualified to do business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The Brighton/Concord Purchaser has been duly incorporated and is validly
existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Purchaser has the full right, power and authority to purchase the Property
as provided in this Agreement and to carry out Purchasers obligations hereunder, and all requisite action necessary to authorize
Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder have been, or by the Closing will have been, taken.
The person signing this Agreement on behalf of Purchaser is authorized to do so. This Agreement and each document to be executed and delivered
by Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Purchaser Closing Documents) (i) are, or at the time of Closing will
be, duly authorized, executed and delivered by Purchaser, (ii) do not, and at the time of Closing will not, violate any provision of any
judicial order to which Purchaser is a party or to which Purchaser is subject, and (iii) constitute, or in the case of the Purchaser Closing
Documents will constitute, a valid and legally binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its respective
terms.

(b)There is no action, suit, arbitration, unsatisfied order or judgment, government investigation or proceeding pending against
Purchaser which, if adversely determined, could individually or in the aggregate materially interfere with the consummation of the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement.

(c)All documents and information relating to the Property which are disclosed to or obtained by Buyer during the term of this
Agreement, including the Property Diligence Materials described in Schedule 3.1 (the "Property Information") shall
be held by Buyer in strict confidence. Buyer shall not disclose Property Information to any third party except (a) to Buyer's investors
and/or to its lenders, professional advisors, outside counsel, accountants, and employees ("Buyer Parties"), and if so
disclosed, then only to the extent necessary to facilitate Buyer's evaluation of the condition of the Property or its financing of the
same on a "need-to-know" basis; (b) a required disclosure to any governmental, administrative, or regulatory authority having
or asserting jurisdiction over either Buyer, Seller, or the Property; or (c) to any person entitled to receive such information pursuant
to a subpoena or other legal process.; or (d) to the extent necessary or appropriate to enforce Buyers rights under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Property Information shall not include the following: (i) information which has been or becomes generally
available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Buyer in violation of this Agreement; or (ii) information which was
available to Buyer on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to Buyer by Seller. Buyer shall inform all Buyer Parties to whom
it has disclosed Property Information of the confidential nature of the same, and Buyer shall be responsible in the event that such Buyer
Parties fail to treat such Property Information confidentially. The Buyers obligations under this Section 5.5(c) shall survive
the Closing and any claims arising hereunder not be limited such that they must be made during the Survival Period.

20

(d)Purchaser is not a person or entity with whom the United States, any Person or entities are restricted or prohibited from
doing business under OFACs regulations (including those named on OFACs specially designated and blocked persons list) or
under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001 Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with
Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action, and is not and will not engage in any dealings
or transactions or be otherwise associated with such persons or entities.

5.6Survival of, and Liability with Respect to, Purchasers Representations and Warranties. Unless otherwise noted
above, the representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Section 5.5 shall survive Closing and shall be a continuing
representation and warranty for the Survival Period.

ARTICLE
VI

DEFAULT

6.1Default by Purchaser. If the Closing does not occur by reason of any default of Purchaser (other than a default by
Purchaser caused by Sellers default), including, without limitation, any failure to timely fund with Escrow Agent any portion of
the Earnest Money, Seller shall be entitled, as its sole and exclusive remedy at law or in equity, to terminate this Agreement and receive
the Earnest Money as liquidated damages for the breach of this Agreement, it being agreed between the parties hereto that the actual damages
to Seller in the event of such breach are impractical to ascertain and the amount of the Earnest Money is a reasonable estimate thereof.
In such event, this Agreement will terminate, and Purchaser will have no further rights or obligations hereunder, except with respect
to obligations that expressly survive termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein will limit Sellers remedies
at law, in equity or as herein provided in the event of a breach by Purchaser of any obligation that expressly survives termination hereunder.

6.2Default by Seller. If the Closing does not occur by reason of any default of Seller (other than a default by Seller
caused by Purchasers default), Purchaser shall be entitled, as its sole remedy, either (a) to receive the return of the Earnest
Money, plus its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, not to exceed One Hundred Fifty
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($150,000.00) (the Reimbursement Cap), (which reimbursement shall require Purchaser to
provide reasonable backup documentation to support such expenses), which shall operate to terminate this Agreement and release Seller
from any and all liability hereunder, or (b) to enforce specific performance of Sellers obligation to execute the documents
required to convey the Property to Purchaser, it being understood and agreed that the remedy of specific performance shall not be available
to enforce any other obligation of Seller hereunder. Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected to terminate this Agreement and receive
back the Earnest Money if Purchaser fails to file suit for specific performance against Seller on or before thirty (30) days following
the date upon which Closing was to have occurred. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein will limit Purchasers
remedies at law, in equity or as herein provided, (and the Cap and the Reimbursement Cap will not apply), in the event of a breach by
Seller (i) of any obligation that expressly survives termination hereunder, and/or (ii) any default by Seller based on fraud, and/or (iii)
any other willful default by Seller which results in the remedy of specific performance being unavailable to the Purchaser.

21

ARTICLE
VII

RISK OF LOSS

7.1Minor Casualty. If there is any loss or damage to the Premises and Improvements which is not a Major Casualty (as
defined in Section 7.3) and that has not been fully restored as of the Closing Date, this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect provided Seller assigns all of Sellers right, title and interest to any claims and proceeds Seller may have with respect
to any casualty insurance policies or condemnation awards relating to the Premises and Improvements, and Purchaser shall proceed to close
on the Property with the assignment of rights and a credit at closing in the amount of any deductibles.

7.2Condemnation and Major Casualty. If there is a condemnation of the Premises and Improvements or any portion thereof
(a Condemnation), or an event of casualty which is a Major Casualty, Purchaser may terminate this Agreement by written
notice to Seller, in which event the Earnest Money shall be returned to Purchaser and neither party shall have any further obligation
hereunder other than with respect to those obligations that expressly survive termination of this Agreement. Within ten (10) Business
Days after Seller sends Purchaser written notice of the occurrence of a Condemnation or Major Casualty, Purchaser may elect to proceed
with Closing by written notice to Purchaser, in which event Seller shall assign to Purchaser all of Sellers right, title and interest
to any claims and proceeds Seller may have with respect to any condemnation awards, or with respect to the casualty claim, relating to
the Premises and Improvements, and Purchaser shall proceed to close on the Property with the assignment of rights and a credit at closing
in the amount of any deductibles related to a casualty. If Purchaser does not provide written notice to Seller of its intention to proceed
with Closing within ten (10) Business Days after Seller sends Purchaser written notice of the occurrence of a Condemnation or Major Casualty,
this Agreement shall terminate, in which event the Earnest Money shall be returned to Purchaser and neither party shall have any further
obligation hereunder other than with respect to those obligations that expressly survive termination of this Agreement.

7.3Definition of Major Casualty. For purposes of Section 7.1 and Section 7.2, a Major Casualty
refers to any casualty that results in more than Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00) of damage to the Property.

ARTICLE
VIII

COMMISSIONS

8.1Brokerage Commissions. If the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is consummated, but not otherwise, Seller
agrees to pay to CBRE (the Broker) at Closing a brokerage commission pursuant to a separate written agreement between
Seller and Broker. Each party agrees that should any claim be made for brokerage commissions or finders fees by any broker or finder
other than the Broker by, through or on account of any acts of said party or its representatives, said party will indemnify and hold the
other party free and harmless from and against any and all loss, liability, cost, damage and expense in connection therewith. The provisions
of this paragraph shall survive Closing.

22

ARTICLE
IX

DISCLAIMERS AND WAIVERS

9.1No Reliance on Documents. Except as expressly stated herein or in any documents delivered at Closing, Seller makes
no representation or warranty as to the truth, accuracy or completeness of any materials, data or information delivered by Seller to Purchaser
in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that all materials, data and information delivered
by Seller to Purchaser in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby are provided to Purchaser as a convenience only and that
any reliance on or use of such materials, data or information by Purchaser shall be at the sole risk of Purchaser, except as otherwise
expressly stated herein or in any documents delivered at Closing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions, Purchaser
acknowledges and agrees that (a) any environmental or other report with respect to the Premises and Improvements which is delivered
by Seller to Purchaser shall be for general informational purposes only, (b) Purchaser shall not have any right to rely on any such
report delivered by Seller to Purchaser, but rather will rely on its own inspections and investigations of the Premises and Improvements
and any reports commissioned by Purchaser with respect thereto, and (c) neither Seller, any affiliate of Seller nor the person or
entity which prepared any such report delivered by Seller to Purchaser shall have any liability to Purchaser for any inaccuracy in or
omission from any such report.

9.2DISCLAIMERS. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY DOCUMENTS DELIVERED AT CLOSING, IT IS UNDERSTOOD
AND AGREED THAT SELLER IS NOT MAKING AND HAS NOT AT ANY TIME MADE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER, EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ZONING, TAX CONSEQUENCES, LATENT OR PATENT PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION, UTILITIES, OPERATING
HISTORY OR PROJECTIONS, VALUATION, GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS, THE COMPLIANCE OF THE PREMISES AND IMPROVEMENTS WITH LAWS, THE TRUTH, ACCURACY
OR COMPLETENESS OF THE PROPERTY DOCUMENTS OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF SELLER TO PURCHASER, OR ANY OTHER MATTER
OR THING REGARDING THE PROPERTY. PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT UPON CLOSING, SELLER SHALL SELL AND CONVEY TO PURCHASER AND PURCHASER
SHALL ACCEPT THE PROPERTY AS IS, WHERE IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN
THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY DOCUMENTS DELIVERED AT CLOSING. PURCHASER HAS NOT RELIED AND WILL NOT RELY ON, AND SELLER IS NOT LIABLE FOR OR
BOUND BY, ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTIES, STATEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS OR INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THE PROPERTY OR RELATING
THERETO (INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PROPERTY INFORMATION PACKAGES DISTRIBUTED WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY) MADE OR FURNISHED
BY SELLER, THE MANAGER OF THE PREMISES AND IMPROVEMENTS, OR ANY REAL ESTATE BROKER OR AGENT REPRESENTING OR PURPORTING TO REPRESENT SELLER,
TO WHOMEVER MADE OR GIVEN, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ORALLY OR IN WRITING, UNLESS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY DOCUMENTS
DELIVERED AT CLOSING.

23

The
agreements and acknowledgments contained in this Section 9.2 constitute a conclusive admission that Buyer, as a sophisticated, knowledgeable
investor in real property, shall acquire the Property solely upon its own judgment as to any matter germane to the Property or to Buyer's
contemplated use or investment in the Property, and not upon any statement, representation or warranty by Seller or any affiliate, agent
or representative of Seller (including Seller's Broker), which is not expressly set forth in this Agreement or any document required to
be executed by Seller and delivered to Buyer at Closing. 

Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as a sophisticated and knowledgeable investor in real property, Buyer is aware that mold,
water damage, fungi, bacteria, indoor air pollutants or other biological growth or growth factors (collectively called "Indoor Air
Pollutants") may exist at the Property and that such Indoor Air Pollutants may be undiscoverable during routine or invasive inspections,
ownership, or operations of the Property. In evaluating its purchase of the Property and determining the Purchase Price, Buyer has taken
(or shall take) these matters into account, and Buyer shall assume, at Closing, the risk of all Indoor Air Pollutants, including, without
limitation, those resulting from patent or latent construction defects.

PURCHASER REPRESENTS TO SELLER
THAT PURCHASER HAS CONDUCTED, OR WILL CONDUCT PRIOR TO CLOSING, SUCH INVESTIGATIONS OF THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
PHYSICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS OF THE PREMISES AND IMPROVEMENTS, AS PURCHASER DEEMS NECESSARY TO SATISFY ITSELF AS TO THE CONDITION
OF THE PROPERTY AND THE EXISTENCE OR NONEXISTENCE OR CURATIVE ACTION TO BE TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO ANY HAZARDOUS OR TOXIC SUBSTANCES ON
OR DISCHARGED FROM THE PREMISES AND IMPROVEMENTS, AND WILL RELY SOLELY UPON SAME AND NOT UPON ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF
OF SELLER OR ITS AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES WITH RESPECT THERETO, OTHER THAN SUCH REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF SELLER AS ARE
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY DOCUMENTS DELIVERED AT CLOSING. UPON CLOSING, PURCHASER SHALL ASSUME THE RISK THAT ADVERSE
MATTERS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CONSTRUCTION DEFECTS AND ADVERSE PHYSICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS, MAY NOT HAVE BEEN REVEALED
BY PURCHASERS INVESTIGATIONS, AND PURCHASER, UPON CLOSING, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE WAIVED, RELINQUISHED AND RELEASED SELLER, SELLERS
AFFILIATED ENTITIES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE PROPERTY MANAGER) AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS,
PARTNERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, SELLER PARTIES) FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CAUSES
OF ACTION (INCLUDING CAUSES OF ACTION IN TORT), LOSSES, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES AND
EXPENSES) OF ANY AND EVERY KIND OR CHARACTER, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, WHICH PURCHASER MIGHT HAVE ASSERTED OR ALLEGED AGAINST ANY SELLER PARTY
OR PARTIES AT ANY TIME BY REASON OF OR ARISING OUT OF ANY LATENT OR PATENT CONSTRUCTION DEFECTS OR PHYSICAL CONDITIONS, VIOLATIONS OF
ANY APPLICABLE LAWS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS) AND ANY AND ALL OTHER ACTS, OMISSIONS, EVENTS, CIRCUMSTANCES
OR MATTERS REGARDING THE PROPERTY.

24

9.3Environmental Release.

(a)PURCHASER AND PURCHASERS AFFILIATES FURTHER COVENANT AND AGREE NOT TO SUE SELLER AND THE SELLER PARTIES AND RELEASE
SELLER AND THE SELLER PARTIES OF AND FROM AND WAIVE ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING ANY STRICT LIABILITY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION,
THAT PURCHASER OR PURCHASERS AFFILIATES MAY HAVE AGAINST SELLER OR THE SELLER PARTIES UNDER ANY HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES LAWS, NOW
EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ENACTED OR PROMULGATED, RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS OR ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS IN, ON, UNDER, ABOUT OR MIGRATING
FROM OR ONTO THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING CERCLA (DEFINED BELOW) AND RCRA (DEFINED BELOW), OR BY VIRTUE OF ANY COMMON LAW RIGHT, NOW EXISTING
OR HEREAFTER CREATED, RELATED TO ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES IN, ON, UNDER, ABOUT OR MIGRATING FROM OR ONTO THE PROPERTY,
UNLESS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY DOCUMENTS DELIVERED AT CLOSING. THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL
EXPRESSLY SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CLOSING, AS THE CASE MAY BE, AND WILL NOT MERGE WITH THE DEEDS.

(b)As used in this Agreement, Hazardous Substances shall mean and include, but shall not be limited to
any petroleum product and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or substances, any substances which because of their quantitated concentration,
chemical, or active, flammable, explosive, infectious or other characteristics, constitute or may reasonably be expected to constitute
or contribute to a danger or hazard to public health, safety or welfare or to the environment, including, without limitation, any hazardous
or toxic waste or substances which are included under or regulated by any environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, whether federal,
state or local and whether now existing or hereafter enacted or promulgated, as such laws may be amended from time to time, including,
without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (commonly known as CERCLA),
as amended, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act (commonly known as SARA), the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (commonly known as RCRA), the Toxic Substance Control Act, the Hazardous Substances Transportation
Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Air Act, or any other federal, state or local legislation or ordinances
applicable to the Premises and Improvements (collectively, Hazardous Substances Laws).

25

9.4No Financial Representation. Seller will cooperate with Purchaser in providing such financial information and income
and expense data relating to the Property described in Schedule 3.1, during the period leading up to the Closing Date. Except as
otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any documents delivered at Closing, Seller makes no representation or warranty that
Property Information provided to Purchaser is complete or accurate or that Purchaser will achieve similar financial or other results with
respect to the operations of the Premises and Improvements, it being acknowledged by Purchaser that Sellers experience with the
Property and the operation of the Premises and Improvements and allocations of revenues or expenses during Sellers ownership may
be vastly different than Purchaser may be able to attain. Purchaser acknowledges that it is a sophisticated and experienced purchaser
of real estate and further that Purchaser has relied upon its own investigation and inquiry with respect to the operation of the Property
and releases Seller from any liability with respect to such historical information.

9.5Effect and Survival of Disclaimers. Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that the compensation to be paid to Seller for
the Property has been decreased to take into account that the Property is being sold subject to the provisions of this Article IX. Seller
and Purchaser agree that the provisions of this Article IX shall survive Closing or any termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
X

ESCROW AGENT

10.1Payment of Purchase Price. Escrow Agent, following authorization and instruction by the parties at Closing, shall
(a) pay to Seller by federal wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller, the Purchase Price
less any costs or other amounts to be paid by Seller at Closing pursuant to this Agreement, (b) pay to the appropriate payees out
of the proceeds of Closing payable to Seller all costs and amounts to be paid by Seller at Closing pursuant to this Agreement and (c) pay
all costs and amounts to be paid by Purchaser to the appropriate payees at Closing pursuant to this Agreement.

10.2Earnest Money. The Escrow Agent will hold the Earnest Money in escrow in an interest-bearing account of the type
generally used by the Escrow Agent for the holding of escrow funds until the earlier of the (a) Closing or (b) termination of
this Agreement in accordance with any right hereunder. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the expiration of the Title Objection
Period or pursuant to another express right of termination established herein, the Earnest Money will be returned by the Escrow Agent
to Purchaser. If the Closing occurs, the Earnest Money will be released to Seller, and Purchaser shall receive a credit against the Purchase
Price in the amount of the Earnest Money. If the Closing (as it may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) does not
occur, and Purchaser has not terminated this Agreement pursuant to an express right of termination established herein or is not otherwise
expressly entitled to the return of the Earnest Money as provided herein, the Earnest Money shall be released to Seller. In all other
instances, the Escrow Agent shall not release the Earnest Money to either party until the Escrow Agent has been requested by Seller or
Purchaser to release the Earnest Money and has given the other party five (5) Business Days to dispute, or consent to, the release of
the Earnest Money. Purchaser and Seller will provide their respective tax identification numbers, for purposes of reporting the interest
earnings, on separate W-9s to be provided to Escrow Agent.

26

10.3Liability.

(a)The Escrow Agent shall not be liable to any party for any act or omission, except for bad faith, gross negligence or willful
misconduct, and the parties agree to indemnify the Escrow Agent and hold the Escrow Agent harmless from any and all claims, damages, losses
or expenses arising in connection herewith. The parties acknowledge that the Escrow Agent is acting solely as stakeholder for their mutual
convenience. If the Escrow Agent receives written notice of a dispute between the parties with respect to the Earnest Money, the Escrow
Agent shall not be bound to release and deliver the Earnest Money to either party but may either (i) continue to hold the Earnest
Money until otherwise directed in a writing signed by all parties hereto or (ii) deposit the Earnest Money with the clerk of any
court of competent jurisdiction. Upon such deposit, the Escrow Agent will be released from all duties and responsibilities hereunder.
The Escrow Agent shall have the right to consult with separate counsel of its own choosing (if it deems such consultation advisable) and
shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel.

(b)The Escrow Agent shall not be required to defend any legal proceeding which may be instituted against it with respect to
the Earnest Money, the Premises and Improvements or the subject matter of this Agreement unless the Escrow Agent is requested to do so
by Purchaser or Seller and is indemnified to its satisfaction against the cost and expense of such defense. The Escrow Agent shall not
be required to institute legal proceedings of any kind and shall have no responsibility for the genuineness or validity of any document
or other item deposited with it or the collectability of any check delivered in connection with this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall
be fully protected in acting in accordance with any written instructions given to it hereunder and believed by it to have been signed
by the proper parties.

10.4Designation of Certifying Person. In order to assure compliance with the requirements of Section 6045 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and any related reporting requirements of the Code, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

(a)The Escrow Agent agrees to assume all responsibilities for information reporting required under Section 6045(e) of
the Code, and Seller and Purchaser hereby designate the Escrow Agent as the person to be responsible for all information reporting under
Section 6045(e) of the Code.

27

(b)Seller and Purchaser each hereby agree:

(i)to provide to the Escrow Agent all information and certifications regarding such party as reasonably requested by the Escrow
Agent or otherwise required to be provided by a party to the transaction described herein under Section 6045 of the Code; and

(ii)to provide to the Escrow Agent such partys taxpayer identification number and a statement in such form as may be
requested by the Escrow Agent, signed under penalties of perjury, stating that the taxpayer identification number supplied by such party
to the Escrow Agent is correct.

10.5Survival. The provisions of this Article X shall survive Closing or any termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
XI

MISCELLANEOUS

11.1Confidentiality. Prior to the Closing, Purchaser and its representatives shall hold in strictest confidence all data
and information obtained with respect to Seller or its respective business, whether obtained before or after the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, and shall not disclose the same to others; provided, however, that it is understood and agreed that Purchaser may disclose
such data and information to the employees, consultants, accountants, investors, lenders and attorneys of Purchaser provided that such
persons agree in writing to treat such data and information confidentially, and in all events Purchaser shall be responsible for its employees,
consultants, accountants and attorneys obligation to keep confidential the data and information provided to them pursuant to this
Agreement. In the event this Agreement is terminated or Purchaser fails to perform hereunder, Purchaser shall promptly return to Seller
any statements, documents, schedules, exhibits or other written information obtained from Seller in connection with this Agreement or
the transaction contemplated herein. It is understood and agreed that, with respect to any provision of this Agreement which refers to
the termination of this Agreement and the return of the Earnest Money to Purchaser, such Earnest Money shall not be returned to Purchaser
unless and until Purchaser has fulfilled its obligation to return to Seller the materials described in the preceding sentence. In the
event of a breach or threatened breach by Purchaser or its agents or representatives of this Section 11.1, Seller shall be
entitled to an injunction restraining Purchaser or its agents or representatives from disclosing, in whole or in part, such confidential
information. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting Seller from pursuing any other available remedy at law or in equity for
such breach or threatened breach. The provisions of this Section 11.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

28

11.2Public Disclosure. Prior to the Closing, any release to the public of information with respect to the sale contemplated
herein or any matters set forth in this Agreement will be made only in the form approved by Purchaser and Seller. Seller hereby acknowledges
and agrees that the Purchaser is a publicly traded entity and is obligated to make an SEC filing of the transaction following execution
of this Agreement, which will include the Purchase Price (the SEC Filing). In addition, the Seller agrees to provide
audited financial statements to Purchaser at or after the Closing Date for the Purchasers auditors to be able to provide adequate
disclosure of the transaction. Our closing on this transaction is not dependent upon their findings, however, we will need cooperation
during that period.

11.3TIME OF THE ESSENCE. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE WITH RESPECT TO ALL TIME PERIODS AND DATES FOR PERFORMANCE SET FORTH
HEREIN.

11.4Discharge of Obligations. The acceptance of the Deed by Purchaser shall be deemed to be a full performance and discharge
of every representation and warranty made by Seller herein and every agreement and obligation on the part of Seller to be performed pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement, except those which are herein specifically stated to survive Closing.

11.5Assignment. Purchaser may not assign its rights under this Agreement to anyone other than an Affiliate (as hereinafter
defined) without first obtaining Sellers written approval which may be given or withheld in Sellers sole discretion. No
assignment shall release or otherwise relieve Purchaser from any obligations hereunder. For purposes of this Section 11.5,
the term Affiliate means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with the Person in question. For purposes of this definition, control means the power
to direct the day-to-day management and policies of a Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
status as a general partner or managing member, by contract or otherwise, and Person means an individual, or a general
partnership, limited partnership, corporation, professional corporation, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint
venture, trust, business trust, cooperative or association or any other legally-recognized entity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, Purchaser shall not have the right to assign this Agreement to any assignee which, in the reasonable judgment of Seller,
will cause the transaction contemplated hereby or any party thereto to violate the requirements of ERISA. In order to enable Seller to
make such determination, Purchaser shall cause to be delivered to Seller such information as is requested by Seller with respect to a
proposed assignee and the constituent persons or entities of any proposed assignee, including specifically, without limitation, any pension
or profit sharing plans related thereto.

29

11.6Notices. Any notice pursuant to this Agreement shall be given in writing by (a) personal delivery, or (b) reputable
overnight delivery service with proof of delivery, or (c) United States Mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, or (d) legible email/PDF transmission sent to the intended addressee at the address set forth below, or to such
other address or to the attention of such other person as the addressee shall have designated by written notice sent in accordance herewith,
and shall be deemed to have been given either at the time of personal delivery, or, in the case of expedited delivery service or mail,
as of the date of first attempted delivery at the address and in the manner provided herein, or, in the case of facsimile transmission,
as of the date of the facsimile transmission provided that an original of such facsimile is also sent to the intended addressee by means
described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above, and provided also that delivery after 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on a Business Day, or on a day
that is not a Business Day shall be deemed delivered on the following Business Day. Unless changed in accordance with the preceding sentence,
the addresses for notices given pursuant to this Agreement shall be as follows:

If to Purchaser: 

c/o The Hamilton Company, Inc.

39 Brighton Ave

Allston, Massachusetts 02134

Attn: Jameson Brown

Email: jbrown@thehamiltoncompany.com

with a copy to: 

Saul Ewing LLP

131 Dartmouth Street, Suite 500

Boston, Massachusetts 02116

Attn: Sally E. Michael

Email: sally.michael@saul.com

If to Seller: 

Oak Realty and Service Company, LLC

Vale Realty and Service Company, LLC

DiGiovanni Bros, Inc.

4 Vale Road

Belmont, Massachusetts 02478

Attn: Anthony DiGiovanni

Email: hillestates@verizon.net

with a copy to: 

Thomas W. Tavenner, Jr., Esq.

Dalton & Finegold, LLP

34 Essex Street

Boston, Massachusetts 01810

Telephone: 978-269-7700

Email: ttavenner@dfllp.com

If to Escrow Agent: 

Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company

One Liberty Square, Suite 800

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Attn: Donna Truex, Underwriting Counsel

Telephone: 617-790-2137

Email: donna.truex@fnf.com

11.7Modifications. This Agreement cannot be changed orally, and no executory agreement shall be effective to waive, change,
modify or discharge it in whole or in part unless such executory agreement is in writing and is signed by the parties against whom enforcement
of any waiver, change, modification or discharge is sought.

30

11.8Calculation of Time Periods. Unless otherwise specified, in computing any period of time described in this Agreement,
the day of the act or event after which the designated period of time begins to run is not to be included and the last day of the period
so computed is to be included, unless such last day is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday under the laws of the State in which the Premises
is located, in which event the period shall run until the end of the next day which is neither a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. The
final day of any such period shall be deemed to end at 5 p.m. Eastern Time unless otherwise noted herein.

11.9Successors and Assigns. The terms and provisions of this Agreement are to apply to and bind the permitted successors
and assigns of the parties hereto.

11.10Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules, contains the entire agreement between the
parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and fully supersedes all prior written or oral agreements and understandings between the
parties pertaining to such subject matter.

11.11Further Assurances. Each party agrees that it will without further consideration execute and deliver such other documents
and take such other action, whether prior or subsequent to Closing, as may be reasonably requested by the other party to consummate more
effectively the purposes or subject matter of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser shall, if requested
by Seller, execute acknowledgments of receipt with respect to any materials delivered by Seller to Purchaser with respect to the Property.
The provisions of this Section 11.11 shall survive Closing.

11.12Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and all such executed counterparts shall constitute
the same agreement. It shall be necessary to account for only one such counterpart in proving this Agreement.

11.13Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid
or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall nonetheless remain in full force and effect.

11.14Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE SUBSTANTIVE
FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS. SELLER AND PURCHASER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO
THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN MIDDLESEX COUNTY, COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL
BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH STATE OR FEDERAL COURT. PURCHASER AND SELLER AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 11.14
SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSING OF THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

11.15No Third Party Beneficiary. The provisions of this Agreement and of the documents to be executed and delivered at
Closing are and will be for the benefit of Seller and Purchaser only and are not for the benefit of any third party, and accordingly,
no third party shall have the right to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or of the documents to be executed and delivered at Closing.

31

11.16Exhibits and Schedules. The following schedules or exhibits attached hereto shall be deemed to be an integral part
of this Agreement:

(a) Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Conveyance of Declarants Rights

(b) Exhibit B Form of Deeds

(c) Exhibit C Form of Bill of Sale

(d) Exhibit D Form of Assignment and Assumption of Leases

(e) Exhibit E Form of General Assignment

(f) Exhibit F Form of Certificate as to Foreign Status

(g) Exhibit G Federal Lead-Based Paint Disclosure

(h) Exhibit H and H-1 Forms of Estoppel Certificates

(i) Schedule 1.1(a) Hill Estates Legal Description

(j) Schedule 1.1(b) 1 Vale Legal Description

(k) Schedule 1.1(c) 4 Hill Legal Description

(l) Schedule 1.1(d) 55 Brighton Legal Description

(m) Schedule 1.1(e) 26 Brighton Legal Description

(n) Schedule 1.1(f) 90 Concord Legal Description

(o) Schedule 1.1(g) Included Personal Property Schedule

(p) Schedule 1.1(h) Excluded Personal Property Schedule

(q) Schedule 1.1(i) Rent Roll

(r) Schedule 1.1(j) Property Agreements

(s) Schedule 1.1(k) Licenses and Permits

(t) Schedule 3.1 Property Diligence Materials

(u) Schedule 5.1(b) Pending Actions

(v) Schedule 5.1(m) Real Estate Tax Assessment Actions

11.17Captions. The section headings appearing in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not intended,
to any extent and for any purpose, to limit or define the text of any section or any subsection hereof.

11.18Construction. The parties acknowledge that the parties and their counsel have reviewed and revised this Agreement
and that the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be
employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or any exhibits or amendments hereto.

11.19Termination of Agreement. It is understood and agreed that if either Purchaser or Seller terminates this Agreement
pursuant to a right of termination granted hereunder, such termination shall operate to relieve Seller and Purchaser from all obligations
under this Agreement, except for such obligations as are specifically stated herein to survive the termination of this Agreement.

32

11.20Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any document delivered
by Seller in connection with the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby, it is expressly understood and agreed that Sellers
liability shall be, and is, limited to, and payable and collectible only out of, Sellers interest in the Property and the proceeds
from the sale of the Property, and no other property or asset of Seller or of any of Sellers directors, officers, employees, shareholders,
members or partners shall be subject to any lien, levy, execution, setoff, or other enforcement procedure for satisfaction of any right
or remedy of Purchaser in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby.

11.21Federal Lead-Based Paint Disclosure. Pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4852d, Seller has provided to Purchaser the
disclosure attached hereto as Exhibit G.

[The remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank.]

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have duly executed this Purchase and Sale Agreement as of the Effective Date.

SELLER:

OAK REALTY
AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/
Anthony L. DiGiovanni

Name: Anthony L. DiGiovanni

Title: Manager

VALE REALTY
AND SERVICE COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/
Anthony L. DiGiovanni

Name:
Anthony L. DiGiovanni

Title: Manager

DIGIOVANNI
BROS, INC.

By: /s/
Anthony L. DiGiovanni

Name:
Anthony L. DiGiovanni

Title: President

[Signature Page]

PURCHASER:

HILL ESTATES
NERA, LLC, a Delaware

limited liability
company

By: NewReal,
Inc., a Massachusetts

corporation,
its Manager

By: /s/ Jameson Brown

Jameson Brown, Treasurer

BRIGHTON 26
& CONCORD 90 NERA, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company

By: NewReal,
Inc., a Massachusetts

corporation,
its Manager

By: /s/ Jameson Brown

Jameson Brown, Treasurer

As to Section 1.4
and Article X only:

ESCROW AGENT:

By: /s/ Donna Truex

Name: Donna Truex

Title: Underwriting Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nen-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nen-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nen-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-31568

Entity Registrant Name NEW ENGLAND REALTY ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

Entity Central Index Key 0000746514

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-2619298

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MA

Entity Address, Address Line One 39 Brighton Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Allston

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02134

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 783-0039

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security CLASS A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP UNITS

Trading Symbol NEN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://thehamiltoncompany.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nen-20250417.xsd 
nen-20250417_lab.xml 
nen-20250417_pre.xml 
tm2512587d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-036039-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm2512587d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000746514 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000746514 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
NEW ENGLAND REALTY ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
MA 
001-31568 
04-2619298 
39 Brighton Avenue 
Allston 
MA 
02134 
617 
783-0039 
false 
false 
false 
false 
CLASS A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP UNITS 
NEN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>