<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001654954-25-000532.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001654954-25-000532.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117122734
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-25-000532
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PEOPLES BANCORP OF NORTH CAROLINA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001093672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				562132396
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27205
		FILM NUMBER:		25537836

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		518 WEST C STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 467
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28658-4007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8284645620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 467
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28658-0467
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pebk_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?pebk_8k.htm

0001093672false--12-31false00010936722025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 16, 2025

Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

North Carolina

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

000-27205 

56-2132396

(Commission File No.) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

518 West C Street, Newton, North Carolina 

28658

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(828) 464-5620

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc.

INDEX

Page

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year 

3

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

3

Signatures 

4

Exhibit (3)(iii) Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. 

2

Table of Contents

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

On January 16, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Registrant adopted the Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc., a complete copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3(iii). The Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. amend, replace and supersede, in their entirety, the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. The amendments to the Bylaws reflect changes to the Registrants Articles of Incorporation to implement a majority voting standard in uncontested elections of directors, approved by the Registrants shareholders at the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders and described in the Registrants proxy statement filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

(3)(iii) Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc.

Disclosure about forward-looking statements

Statements made in this Form 8-K, other than those concerning historical information, should be considered forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management and on the information available to management at the time that this report was prepared. These statements can be identified by the use of words like expect, anticipate, estimate, and believe, variations of these words and other similar expressions. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rate environment, managements business strategy, national, regional, and local market conditions and legislative and regulatory conditions. 

The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should also carefully review the risk factors described in other documents the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

3

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PEOPLES BANCORP OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC. 

Date: January 17, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey N. Hooper 

Jeffrey N. Hooper 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(III)
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>pebk_ex3iii.htm
<DESCRIPTION>THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>
pebk_ex3iii.htm

EXHIBIT (3)(iii)

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

PEOPLES BANCORP OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC.

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. Principal Office. The principal office of the Corporation shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may fix from time to time.

Section 2. Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation required by law to be maintained in the State of North Carolina may be, but need not be, identical with the principal office.

Section 3. Other Offices. The Corporation may have offices at such other places, either within or without the State of North Carolina, as the Board of Directors may designate or as the affairs of the Corporation may require from time to time.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

Section 1. Place of Meetings. All meetings of shareholders shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place, either within or without the State of North Carolina, as shall in each case be (i) fixed by the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board, or the Board of Directors and designated in the notice of the meeting or (ii) agreed upon by a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 2. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of shareholders shall be held during the first five (5) calendar months following the end of the Corporations fiscal year, on any day (except Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday) during that period as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, for the purpose of electing directors of the Corporation and for the transaction of such other business as may be properly brought before the meeting.

Section 3. Substitute Annual Meeting. If the annual meeting shall not be held within the time designated by these Bylaws, a substitute annual meeting may be called in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Article II. A meeting so called shall be designated and treated for all purposes as the annual meeting.

Section 4. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time by the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors.

Section 5. Notice of Meetings. Written notice stating the date, time, and place of the meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of any shareholders meeting, either by personal delivery or by mail by or at the direction of the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors, to each shareholder entitled to vote at such meeting; provided, however, that such notice must be given to all shareholders with respect to any meeting at which a merger or share exchange is to be considered and in such other instances as required by law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be effective when deposited in the United States mail, correctly addressed to the shareholder at the shareholders address as it appears on the current record of shareholders of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid.

In the case of a special meeting, the notice of meeting shall include a description of the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called; but, in the case of an annual or substitute annual meeting, the notice of meeting need not include a description of the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called unless such a description is required by the provisions of the North Carolina Business Corporation Act.

When a meeting is adjourned to a different date, time or place, notice need not be given of the new date, time or place if the new date, time or place is announced at the meeting before adjournment and if a new record date is not fixed for the adjourned meeting. If a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting (which must be done if the new date is more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the original meeting), notice of the adjourned meeting must be given as provided in this Section 5 to persons who are shareholders as of the new record date.

1

Section 6. Waiver of Notice. Any shareholder may waive notice of any meeting before or after the meeting. The waiver must be in writing, signed by the shareholder, and delivered to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or for filing with the corporate records. A shareholder's attendance, in person or by proxy, at a meeting (i) waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder or his or her proxy at the beginning of the meeting objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting, and (ii) waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder or his or her proxy objects to considering the matter before it is voted upon.

Section 7. Shareholders List. Before each meeting of shareholders, the Corporate Secretary shall prepare an alphabetical list of the shareholders entitled to notice of such meeting. The list shall be arranged by voting group (and within each voting group by class or series of shares) and show the address of and number of shares held by each shareholder. The list shall be kept on file at the principal office of the Corporation, or at a place identified in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting will be held, for the period beginning two (2) business days after notice of the meeting is given and continuing through the meeting, and shall be available for inspection by any shareholder, or any shareholders agent or attorney, at any time during regular business hours. The list shall also be available at the meeting and shall be subject to inspection by any shareholder, or any shareholders agent or attorney, at any time during the meeting or any adjournment thereof.

Section 8. Fixing Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix a future date as the record date for one (1) or more voting groups in order to determine the shareholders entitled to notice of a shareholders' meeting, to demand a special meeting, to vote, or to take any other action. Such record date may not be more than seventy (70) days before the meeting or action requiring a determination of shareholders. A determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a shareholders' meeting is effective for any adjournment of the meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, which it must do if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting.

If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, the close of business on the day before the first notice of the meeting is delivered to shareholders shall be the record date for such determination of shareholders.

Section 9. Voting Groups. All shares of one (1) or more classes or series that, under the Articles of Incorporation or the North Carolina Business Corporation Act, are entitled to vote and be counted together collectively on a matter at a meeting of shareholders constitute a voting group. All shares entitled by the Articles of Incorporation or the North Carolina Business Corporation Act to vote generally on a matter are for that purpose a single voting group. Classes or series of shares shall not be entitled to vote separately by voting group unless expressly authorized by the Articles of Incorporation or specifically required by law.

Section 10. Quorum. Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may take action on a matter at the meeting only if a quorum of those shares exists. A majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by the voting group constitutes a quorum of that voting group for action on that matter.

Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or must be set for that adjourned meeting.

In the absence of a quorum at the opening of any meeting of shareholders, such meeting may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of a majority of the votes cast on the motion to adjourn; and, subject to the provisions of Section 5 of this Article II, at any adjourned meeting any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the original meeting if a quorum exists with respect to the matter proposed.

2

Section 11. Proxies. Shares may be voted either in person or by proxy. A shareholder may appoint one (1) or more proxies to vote or otherwise act for him or her by signing an appointment form, either personally or by his or her attorney-in-fact. A photocopy, telegram, cablegram, facsimile transmission, or equivalent reproduction of a writing appointing one or more proxies, shall be deemed a valid appointment form within the meaning of this section. In addition, a shareholder may appoint one or more proxies (i) by an electronic mail message or other form of electronic, wire, or wireless communication that provides a written statement appearing to have been sent by the shareholder, or (ii) by any kind of electronic or telephonic transmission, even if not accompanied by written communication, under circumstances or together with information from which the Corporation can reasonably assume that the appointment was made or authorized by the shareholder. An appointment of proxy is valid for eleven (11) months from the date of its execution, unless a different period is expressly provided in the appointment form.

Section 12. Voting of Shares. Subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, each outstanding share having voting rights shall be entitled to one (1) vote on each matter voted on at a meeting of shareholders.

Except in the election of directors as governed by the provisions of Section 4 of Article III, if a quorum exists, action on a matter by a voting group is approved if the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the action, unless a greater vote is required by law or the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

Absent special circumstances, shares of the Corporation are not entitled to vote if they are owned, directly or indirectly, by a second corporation in which the Corporation owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares entitled to vote for directors of the second corporation; provided that this provision does not limit the power of the Corporation or such second corporation to vote shares held by it in a fiduciary capacity.

ARTICLE III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. General Powers. All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of, the Board of Directors.

Section 2. Number and Qualification. The number of directors of the Corporation shall not be less than five (5) nor more than fifteen (15), with the exact number to be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Section 3. Nominations. At any meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected, nominations for election to the Board of Directors may be made by the Board of Directors or, subject to the conditions described below, by any holder of shares entitled to be voted at that meeting in the election of directors. To be eligible for consideration at the meeting of shareholders, all nominations, other than those made by the Board of Directors, shall be in writing and must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary not less than fifty (50) days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the meeting at which such nominations will be made; provided, however, that if less than sixty (60) days notice of the meeting is given to shareholders, such nominations must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which the notice of meeting was mailed.

Section 4. Election. Except as provided in Section 6 and Section 7 of this Article III, the directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of shareholders. Each director shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to the director by the shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present; provided, however, that, in the event of a contested election of directors, directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes represented in person or by proxy at any such meeting and entitled to vote in the election of directors. For purposes of this Section, (a) a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed the number of votes cast against that director; provided that neither abstentions nor broker non-votes will be deemed to be votes for or against a directors election; and (b) a contested election shall mean any election of directors in which the number of candidates for election as directors exceeds the number of directors to be elected and the excess number is the result of a timely nomination by a shareholder or shareholders in accordance with these Bylaws, as determined by the Corporate Secretary. The filling of any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors shall be in accordance with these Bylaws.

3

Section 5. Terms of Directors. The Board of Directors shall be composed of one (1) class. Each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the annual meeting of shareholders following the annual meeting at which such director was elected or the directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal or until his successor is elected and qualified. In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, each director then serving as such shall nevertheless continue as a director until the expiration of the directors current term or the directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. In the event of the death, resignation, removal or disqualification of a director during the directors elected term of office, the Board of Directors or, subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and applicable law, the shareholders, may appoint the directors successor, who shall serve until the next annual shareholders meeting at which directors are elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that preferred stock of the Corporation is issued and if the Articles of Incorporation so provide, the holders of the preferred stock of the Corporation may increase the Board of Directors within the range set forth by these Bylaws by additional directors to serve as provided in the Articles of Incorporation. Should a vacancy occur among such directors elected by the preferred shareholders, such vacancy shall be filled, until the next election of directors, by such shareholders or by the affirmative vote of the majority of the remaining directors elected by such shareholders.

Section 6. Removal. Any director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by a vote of the shareholders if the number of votes cast to remove such director exceeds the number of votes cast not to remove him or her. If a director is elected by a voting group of shareholders, only the shareholders of that voting group may participate in the vote to remove him or her. A director may not be removed by the shareholders at a meeting unless the notice of that meeting states that the purpose, or one (1) of the purposes, of the meeting is removal of the director. If any directors are so removed, new directors may be elected at the same meeting.

Section 7. Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors, including without limitation a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors or from the failure by the shareholders to elect the full authorized number of directors, may be filled by the shareholders or by the Board of Directors, whichever group shall act first. If the directors remaining in office do not constitute a quorum, the directors may fill the vacancy by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors or by the sole remaining director. If the vacant office was held by a director elected by voting group, only the remaining director or directors elected by that voting group or the holders of shares of that voting group are entitled to fill the vacancy. The term of a director elected to fill a vacancy expires at the next meeting of shareholders at which directors are elected.

Section 8. Chairman of the Board of Directors. There may be a Chairman of the Board of Directors elected by the directors from their number at any meeting of the Board of Directors. The Chairman shall serve in such position at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and shareholders, serve as a member of the Executive Committee, and perform such other duties as may be directed by the Board of Directors. In the absence of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman shall preside at meetings of directors or shareholders.

Section 9. Compensation. The Board of Directors may provide for the compensation of directors for their services as such and for the payment or reimbursement of any or all expenses incurred by them in connection with such services.

ARTICLE IV

MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of shareholders. In addition, the Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place, either within or without the State of North Carolina, for the holding of additional regular meetings.

Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors or, if no one is serving as Chairman, the President and Chief Executive Officer or (ii) any two (2) directors. Such meetings may be held at the time and place designated in the notice of the meeting.

4

Section 3. Notice of Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice. The person or persons calling a special meeting of the Board of Directors shall, at least two (2) days before the meeting, give or cause to be given notice thereof by any usual means of communication. Such notice need not specify the purpose for which the meeting is called. Any duly convened regular or special meeting may be adjourned by the directors to a later time without further notice.

Section 4. Waiver of Notice. Any director may waive notice of any meeting before or after the meeting. The waiver must be in writing, signed by the director entitled to the notice, and be delivered to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or for filing with the corporate records. A directors attendance at or participation in a meeting waives any required notice of such meeting unless the director at the beginning of the meeting, or promptly upon arrival, objects to holding the meeting or to transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting.

Section 5. Quorum. Unless the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws provide otherwise, a majority of the number of directors fixed by or pursuant to these Bylaws shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or if no number is so fixed, a majority of the number of directors in office immediately before the meeting begins shall constitute a quorum.

Section 6. Manner of Acting. Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. A director may not vote at the directors meeting by proxy or otherwise act by proxy at a meeting of the Board of Directors.

Section 7. Presumption of Assent. A director of the Corporation who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which action on any corporate matter is taken is deemed to have assented to the action taken unless the director objects at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon arrival) to holding, or transacting business at, the meeting, or unless the directors dissent or abstention is entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless the director shall file written notice of his dissent or abstention to such action with the presiding officer of the meeting before its adjournment or with the Corporation immediately after adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent or abstention shall not apply to a director who voted in favor of such action.

Section 8. Action Without Meeting. Action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by all members of the Board of Directors. The action must be evidenced by one (1) or more written consents signed by each director before or after such action, describing the action taken, and included in the minutes or filed with the corporate records.

Section 9. Meeting by Communications Device. Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may permit any or all directors to participate in a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this means is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Section 10. Independent Directors Meetings. A meeting of the independent directors shall be held periodically to provide opportunities for continuing education, and the discussion of the business and operations of the Corporation without management present. Meetings of the independent directors shall not constitute acting in an official capacity of the Corporation.

Section 11. Committees of the Board of Directors. Unless the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws provide otherwise, the Board of Directors may create one (1) or more committees and appoint two (2) or more directors to serve at the pleasure of the Board on each such committee. The creation of any such committee and the appointment of members to it must be approved by a majority of all of the directors in office when such action is taken. To the extent specified by the Board of Directors or in the Articles of Incorporation, each committee shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, except that no committee shall have authority to do the following: (i) authorize distributions; (ii) approve or propose to shareholders action required to be approved by shareholders under the North Carolina Business Corporation Act or other applicable law; (iii) fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or on any of its committees; (iv) amend the Articles of Incorporation; (v) adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws; (vi) approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval; or (vii) authorize or approve the reacquisition of shares, except according to a formula or method prescribed by the Board of Directors.

5

Section 12. Committees Removal and Vacancies. Any member of a committee may be removed by the Board at any time with or without cause, and vacancies in the membership of a committee by means of death, resignation, disqualification or removal shall be filled by the Board of Directors.

Section 13. Committees Meetings and Minutes. The provisions of this Article IV governing meetings of the Board of Directors, action without meeting, notice, waiver of notice and quorum, voting requirements, action without meeting and attendance by communications device shall apply to the committees of the Board and its members. Each committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings and shall report thereon to the Board of Directors at or before the next meeting of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V

OFFICERS

Section 1. Officers of the Corporation. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of: a President and Chief Executive Officer; an Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary; an Executive Vice President and Assistant Corporate Secretary; an Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Treasurer; an Executive Vice President and Assistant Corporate Treasurer; and such other officers (including assistant officers) as may from time to time be appointed by or under the authority of the Board of Directors. Any two (2) or more offices may be held by the same person, but no officer may act in more than one (1) capacity where action of two (2) or more officers is required.

Section 2. Appointment and Term. The officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board of Directors or by a duly appointed officer authorized by the Board of Directors to appoint one (1) or more officers. Each officer shall hold office until his or her death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification, or his or her successor shall have been appointed.

Section 3. Compensation of Officers. The compensation of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by or under the authority of the Board of Directors, and no officer shall serve the Corporation in any other capacity and receive compensation therefor unless such additional compensation shall be duly authorized. The appointment of an officer does not itself create contract rights.

Section 4. Removal. Any officer may be removed by the Board of Directors at any time with or without cause; but such removal shall not itself affect the officers contract rights, if any, with the Corporation except to the extent, if any, specified in any such contract.

Section 5. Resignation. An officer may resign at any time by communicating his or her resignation to the Corporation, orally or in writing. A resignation is effective when communicated unless it specifies in writing a later effective date. If a resignation is made effective at a later date that is accepted by the Corporation, the Board of Directors may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the Board of Directors provides that the successor does not take office until the effective date. An officer's resignation does not affect the Corporation's contract rights, if any, with the officer except to the extent, if any, specified in any such contract.

Section 6. Bonds. The Board of Directors may by resolution require any officer, agent, or employee of the Corporation to give bond to the Corporation, with sufficient sureties, conditioned on the faithful performance of the duties of the office or position, and to comply with such other conditions as may from time to time be required by the Board of Directors.

6

Section 7. President and Chief Executive Officer. The President and Chief Executive Officer shall be the principal executive officer of the Corporation and, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she shall sign, with the Corporate Secretary, an Assistant Corporate Secretary, or any other proper officer of the Corporation thereunto authorized by the Board of Directors, certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, or other instruments which the Board of Directors has authorized to be executed, except in cases where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation, or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed or executed, and in general he or she shall perform all duties incident to the office of the President and Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. The President and Chief Executive Officer shall be entitled to attend all regular and special meetings and meetings of committees of the Board of Directors. The President and Chief Executive Officer may serve as an ex-officio member of all committees of the Board of Directors as determined by the Board of Directors from time to time.

Section 8. Executive Vice Presidents. In the absence of the President and Chief Executive Officer or in the event of his or her death, inability or refusal to act, the Executive Vice Presidents, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, shall perform the duties of the President and Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President and Chief Executive Officer. Any Executive Vice President (or Assistant Executive Vice President) may sign, with the Corporate Secretary, an Assistant Corporate Secretary, or any other proper officer of the Corporation thereunto authorized by the Board of Directors, certificates for shares of the Corporation and any other instruments which may be signed by the President and Chief Executive Officer, and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors.

Section 9. Corporate Secretary. The Corporate Secretary shall: (i) keep the minutes of the meetings of shareholders, of the Board of Directors, and of all committees of the Board of Directors, in one or more books provided for that purpose; (ii) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (iii) maintain and authenticate the records of the Corporation and be custodian of the seal of the Corporation and see that the seal of the Corporation is affixed to all documents the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized; (iv) sign with the President and Chief Executive Officer or an Executive Vice President, certificates for shares of the Corporation, the issuance of which shall have been authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors; (v) maintain or cause to be maintained, and have general charge of, the stock transfer books of the Corporation; (vi) prepare or cause to be prepared shareholder lists prior to each meeting of shareholders as required by law; (vii) attest the signature or certify the incumbency or signature of any officer of the Corporation; and (viii) in general perform all duties incident to the office of corporate secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed by the President and Chief Executive Officer or by the Board of Directors.

Section 10. Corporate Treasurer. The Corporate Treasurer shall be, and may be designated as such as, the Corporation's Chief Financial Officer, and shall: (i) have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the Corporation; receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in the name of the Corporation in such depositories as shall be selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of Article VI of these Bylaws; (ii) maintain, or cause to be maintained, appropriate accounting records as required by law; (iii) prepare, or cause to be prepared, annual financial statements of the Corporation that include a balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year and income and cash flow statement for that year, which statements, or a written notice of their availability, shall be mailed to each shareholder within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of such fiscal year; and (iv) in general perform all of the duties incident to the office of corporate treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed by the President and Chief Executive Officer or by the Board of Directors.

Section 11. Assistant Officers. In the absence of a duly appointed officer of the Corporation, or in the event of his or her death, inability or refusal to act, any person appointed by the Board of Directors and designated by title as an assistant to that officer, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, may perform the duties of, and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon, that officer. Such assistant officers shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed by the President and Chief Executive Officer or by the Board of Directors.

7

ARTICLE VI

CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS, AND DEPOSITS

Section 1. Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authorization may be general or confined to specific instances. Also, the Board of Directors may limit, condition, restrict or deny such authority to any officer or officers, or any agent or agents.

Section 2. Loans. No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued in its name unless authorized by the Board of Directors. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

Section 3. Checks and Drafts. All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money, issued in the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 4. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be selected by or under the authority of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VII

SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER

Section 1. Certificate For Shares. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of some or all of the shares of the Corporations classes or series without issuing certificates to represent such shares. If shares are represented by certificates, the certificates shall be in such form as required by law and as determined by the Board of Directors. Certificates shall be signed, either manually or in facsimile, by the President and Chief Executive Officer or an Executive Vice President, and by the Corporate Secretary or Corporate Treasurer or an Assistant Corporate Secretary or an Assistant Corporate Treasurer. All certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and entered into the stock transfer books of the Corporation. When shares are represented by certificates, the Corporation shall issue and deliver, to each shareholder to whom such shares have been issued or transferred, certificates representing the shares owned by him or her. When shares are not represented by certificates, then within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares, the Corporation shall send the shareholder to whom such shares have been issued or transferred a written statement of the information required by law to be on certificates. Shares represented by certificates may become held in book entry form upon surrender of such certificates to the Corporation in compliance with the North Carolina Business Corporation Act.

Section 2. Stock Transfer Books. The Corporation shall keep or cause to be kept a book or set of books, to be known as the stock transfer books of the Corporation, containing the name of each shareholder of record, together with such shareholder's address and the number and class or series of shares held by him or her. Transfers of shares of the Corporation shall be made only on the stock transfer books of the Corporation (i) by the holder of record thereof or by his or her legal representative, who shall provide proper evidence of authority to transfer; (ii) by his or her attorney authorized to effect such transfer by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Corporate Secretary; and (iii) on surrender for cancellation of the certificate for such shares (if the shares are represented by certificates).

Section 3. Lost Certificates. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation claimed to have been lost or destroyed, upon receipt of an affidavit of such fact from the person claiming the certificate to have been lost or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate, the Board of Directors shall require that the owner of such lost or destroyed certificate, or his or her legal representative, give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or other security as the Board of Directors may direct as indemnity against any claims that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate claimed to have been lost or destroyed, except where the Board of Directors by resolution finds that in the judgment of the Board of Directors the circumstances justify omission of a bond.

8

Section 4. Distribution or Share Dividend Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix a date as the record date for determining shareholders entitled to a distribution or share dividend. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors for such determination, it is the date the Board of Directors authorizes the distribution or share dividend.

Section 5. Holder of Record. Except as otherwise required by law, the Corporation may treat the person in whose name the shares stand of record on its books as the absolute owner of the shares and the person exclusively entitled to receive notification and distributions, to vote, and to otherwise exercise the rights, powers, and privileges of ownership of such shares.

Section 6. Shares Held by Nominees. The Corporation shall recognize the beneficial owner of shares registered in the name of the nominee as the owner and shareholder of such shares for certain purposes if the nominee in whose name such shares are registered files with the Corporate Secretary a written certificate in a form prescribed by the Corporation, signed by the nominee, indicating the following: (i) the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the nominee; (ii) the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the beneficial owner; (iii) the number and class or series of shares registered in the name of the nominee as to which the beneficial owner shall be recognized as the shareholder; and (iv) the purposes for which the beneficial owner shall be recognized as the shareholder.

The purposes for which the Corporation shall recognize the beneficial owner as the shareholder may include the following: (i) receiving notice of, voting at, and otherwise participating in shareholders meetings; (ii) executing consents with respect to the shares; (iii) exercising dissenters' rights under the North Carolina Business Corporation Act; (iv) receiving distributions and share dividends with respect to the shares; (v) exercising inspection rights; (vi) receiving reports, financial statements, proxy statements, and other communications from the Corporation; (vii) making any demand upon the Corporation required or permitted by law; and (viii) exercising any other rights or receiving any other benefits of a shareholder with respect to the shares.

The certificate shall be effective ten (10) business days after its receipt by the Corporation and until it is changed by the nominee, unless the certificate specifies a later effective time or an earlier termination date.

If the certificate affects less than all of the shares registered in the name of the nominee, the Corporation may require the shares affected by the certificate to be registered separately on the books of the Corporation and be represented by a share certificate that bears a conspicuous legend stating that there is a nominee certificate in effect with respect to the shares represented by that share certificate.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Distributions. The Board of Directors may from time to time authorize, and the Corporation may grant, distributions and share dividends to its shareholders pursuant to law and subject to the provisions of its Articles of Incorporation.

Section 2. Seal. The seal of the Corporation, if the Board of Directors determines to adopt one, shall be in the form approved by the Board of Directors.

Section 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year ending December 31 of each year.

9

Section 4. Amendments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporations shareholders may amend or repeal these Bylaws even though these Bylaws may also be amended or repealed by its Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may amend or repeal these Bylaws, subject to the following:

(a) 

The Board of Directors may not amend these Bylaws to the extent otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, a Bylaw adopted by the shareholders or by the North Carolina Business Corporation Act or other applicable law.

(b) 

A Bylaw adopted, amended or repealed by the shareholders may not be readopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors if neither the Articles of Incorporation nor a Bylaw adopted by the shareholders authorizes the Board of Directors to adopt, amend or repeal that particular Bylaw or these Bylaws generally.

(c) 

A Bylaw that fixes a greater quorum or voting requirement for the Board of Directors may be amended or repealed:

(i) 

If originally adopted by the shareholders, only by the shareholders, unless such bylaw as originally adopted by the shareholders provides that such bylaw may be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors; or

(ii) 

If originally adopted by the Board of Directors, either by the shareholders or by the Board of Directors.

A Bylaw that fixes a greater quorum or voting requirement for the Board of Directors may not be adopted by the Board of Directors by a vote less than a majority of the directors then in office and may not itself be amended by a quorum or vote of the directors less than the quorum or vote prescribed in such bylaw or prescribed by the shareholders.

Section 5. Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, terms used in these Bylaws shall have the meanings assigned to them in the North Carolina Business Corporation Act to the extent defined therein.

ARTICLE IX

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Indemnification. In addition to any indemnification required or permitted by law, and except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, any person who at any time serves or has served as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation and any such person who serves or has served at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or as a trustee or administrator under an employee benefit plan, shall have a right to be indemnified by the Corporation to the full extent allowed by applicable law against liability and litigation expense arising out of such status or activities in such capacity. Liability and litigation expense shall include costs and expenses of litigation (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement which are actually and reasonably incurred in connection with or as a consequence of any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including appeals.

Litigation expense incurred by a person described in this Article IX in connection with a matter described in this Article IX may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition or termination of such matter, if the Corporation receives an undertaking, dated, in writing and signed by the person to be indemnified, to repay all such sums unless such person is ultimately determined to be entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as provided in this Article IX. Requests for payments in advance of final disposition or termination shall be submitted in writing unless this requirement is waived by the Corporation.

A person described in this Article IX may apply to the Corporation in writing for indemnification or advance expenses. Such applications shall be addressed to the Corporate Secretary or, in the absence of the Corporate Secretary, to any executive officer of the Corporation. The Corporation shall respond in writing to such applications as follows: to a request for indemnity under this Article IX, within ninety (90) days after receipt of the application; to a request for advance expenses under this Article IX, within fifteen (15) days after receipt of the application.

10

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no advance payment shall be made as to any payment or portion of a payment for which the determination is made that the person requesting payment will not be entitled to indemnification. Such determination may be made only by a majority vote of disinterested directors or by independent legal counsel as provided in Section 2 of this Article IX. If there are not at least two (2) disinterested directors, the notice of all requests for advance payment shall be delivered for review to independent legal counsel for the Corporation. Such counsel shall have the authority to disapprove any advance payment or portion of a payment for which it appears that the person requesting payment will not be entitled to indemnification.

If any action is necessary or appropriate to authorize the Corporation to pay the indemnification required by these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall take such action, including (i) making a good faith evaluation of the indemnification request, (ii) giving notice to, and obtaining approval by, the shareholders of the Corporation, and (iii) taking any other action.

The right to indemnification or advance expenses provided herein shall be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. A legal action may be commenced if a claim for indemnity or advance expenses is denied in whole or in part, or upon the expiration of the time periods provided above. In any such action, if the claimant establishes the right to indemnification, he or she shall also have the right to be indemnified against the litigation expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) of such action.

If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each person described in this Article IX to the full extent permitted by the portion of this Article that is not invalidated and also to the full extent (not exceeding the benefits described herein) permitted or required by other applicable law.

Section 2. Determination. Promptly after the final disposition or termination of any matter which involves liability or litigation expense as described above or at such earlier time as it sees fit, the Corporation shall determine whether any person described in this Article IX is entitled to indemnification thereunder. Such determination shall be limited to the following issues: (i) whether the persons to be indemnified are persons described in this Article IX, (ii) whether the liability or litigation expense incurred arose out of the status or activities of such persons as described in this Article IX, (iii) whether liability was actually incurred and/or litigation expense was actually and reasonably incurred, and (iv) whether the indemnification requested is permitted by applicable law. Such determination shall be made by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding (or, in connection with "threatened" actions, suits or proceedings, who were not threatened parties). If at least two such disinterested directors are not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, if at least half of the number of disinterested directors so direct, such determination shall be made by independent legal counsel in written opinion.

Section 3. Settlement. The Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify persons described in this Article IX for any amounts paid in settlement unless the Corporation consents in writing to the settlement. The Corporation shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to proposed settlements. The Corporation's consent to a proposed settlement shall not constitute an agreement by the Corporation that any person is entitled to indemnification hereunder. The Corporation may waive the requirement of this section for its written consent as fairness and equity may require.

Section 4. Insurance. As provided by N.C. Gen. Stat. 55-8-57, the Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or as a trustee or administrator under an employee benefit plan, against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation has the power to indemnify him or her against such liability.

11

Section 5. Non-Exclusive. The right to indemnification provided herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any persons seeking indemnity may be entitled apart from the provisions of this bylaw, except there shall be no right to indemnification as to any liability or litigation expense for which such person is entitled to receive payment under any insurance policy other than a directors and officers liability insurance policy maintained by the Corporation. Such right inures to the benefit of the heirs and legal representatives of any persons entitled to such right. Any person who at any time after the adoption of this bylaw serves or has served in any status or capacity described in this Article IX, shall be deemed to be doing or to have done so in reliance upon, and as consideration for, the right of indemnification provided herein. Any repeal or modification hereof shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing. The right provided herein shall not apply as to persons serving institutions which are hereafter merged into or combined with the Corporation, except after the effective date of such merger or combination and only as to status and activities after such date.

THESE THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF PEOPLES BANCORP OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC. AMEND, REPLACE AND SUPERSEDE, IN THEIR ENTIRETY, THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF PEOPLES BANCORP OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC.

THIS IS TO CERTIFY that the above Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. were duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by action taken at a meeting held on January 16, 2025.

This the 16th day of January, 2025.

/s/ William D. Cable, Sr. 

Secretary 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pebk-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pebk-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pebk-20250116_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pebk-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pebk-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001093672

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 000-27205

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NC

Entity Tax Identification Number 56-2132396

Entity Address Address Line 1 518 West C Street

Entity Address City Or Town Newton

Entity Address State Or Province NC

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 28658

City Area Code 828

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Local Phone Number 464-5620

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pebk.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

pebk-20250116.xsd 
pebk-20250116_cal.xml 
pebk-20250116_def.xml 
pebk-20250116_lab.xml 
pebk-20250116_pre.xml 
pebk_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001654954-25-000532-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>pebk_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001093672 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001093672 
false 
--12-31 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc. 
NC 
000-27205 
56-2132396 
518 West C Street 
Newton 
NC 
28658 
828 
464-5620 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>