<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-006481.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-006481.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213172023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-006481
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001582554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				463011414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38022
		FILM NUMBER:		25621687

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1545 ROUTE 206 SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 302
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-484-8805

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1545 ROUTE 206 SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 302
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000158255400015825542025-02-132025-02-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 13, 2025

MATINAS
BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 001-38022 46-3011414

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

ID Number) 

1545
Route 206 South, Suite 302

Bedminster,
New Jersey 07921

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (908)484-8805

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
Stock MTNB NYSE
American

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 13, 2025, Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain investors (the Purchasers),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the Offering), an aggregate of 3,300
shares of the Companys Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock),
initially convertible into up to 5,631,404 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), with a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Stated Value), and warrants (the Warrants)
to purchase up to an aggregate of 200% of the shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock are initially convertible,
or 11,262,808 shares of Common Stock, for an offering price of $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock and accompanying Warrants.
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company and customary conditions to closing.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, on February 13, 2025, the Company issued and sold in an
initial closing of the Offering (the Initial Closing), 1,650 shares of Preferred Stock, initially convertible
into up to 2,815,702 shares of Common Stock, and accompanying Warrants, initially
exercisable for up to 5,631,404 shares of Common Stock, for gross proceeds to the
Company of $1.65 million. On the date on which the Company obtains shareholder approval (Shareholder Approval)
for the issuance of the Preferred Stock and Warrants, as may be required by the rules and regulations of NYSE American LLC (the
NYSE), including Section 713 of the NYSE
American Company Guide, and such other proposals as reasonably determined by the Company, the Company will issue and sell, in
a second closing of the Offering (the Second Closing), 1,650 shares of Preferred Stock, initially convertible
into up to 2,815,702 shares of Common Stock, and accompanying Warrants, initially
exercisable for up to 5,631,404 shares of Common Stock, for gross proceeds to
the Company of $1.65 million.

The
Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain Shareholder Approval by April 10, 2025. If the Company does not obtain
Shareholder Approval at the first meeting of the Companys shareholders (the Initial Shareholder Meeting)
at which Shareholder Approval is sought, the Company is required to call a meeting of shareholders every four months thereafter to seek
Shareholder Approval until the earlier of the date Shareholder Approval is obtained or the Preferred Stock and Warrants are no longer
outstanding.

The
shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants are being sold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or state securities laws in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation
D promulgated thereunder and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. The shares of Common Stock underlying
the Preferred Stock and Warrants will be issued pursuant to the same exemption or pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
to register for resale the shares of Common Stock underlying the Preferred Stock and Warrants. The registration statement must be filed
with the SEC no later than the 15th calendar day following the date on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

-2-

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company filed a certificate of designation (the Certificate of Designation)
on February 13, 2025, with the Delaware Secretary of State designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of
Preferred Stock, which provides that, upon Shareholder Approval, the Preferred Stock shall vote with holders of outstanding shares of
Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with each share of Preferred Stock entitled to vote on an as-converted basis based
on a conversion price of $0.6393 pursuant to the rules and regulations of the NYSE (the Voting Conversion Price).
If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the Initial Shareholder Meeting, or if such meeting is adjourned, postponed
or cancelled for any reason, each holder of Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote on an as-converted basis based on the Voting
Conversion Price, provided that such holders in the aggregate will be prohibited from voting in excess of 1,016,888 shares
of Common Stock, calculated on an as-converted basis, representing 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement (the 19.99% Limit), subject to adjustment. In the event of such vote,
each holder of Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote on a pro rata basis such that the aggregate voting amount does not
exceed the 19.99% Limit. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the then
holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets available for distribution to stockholders of the Company an
amount equal to 100% of the Stated Value, in preference and priority to the Common Stock. The holders of Preferred Stock will
be entitled to dividends, on an as-converted basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any, on shares of Common Stock. From and after
the date of Shareholder Approval, each share of Preferred Stock will be convertible, at the option of the holder, into that number of
shares of Common Stock determined by dividing the Stated Value by $0.586 (the Conversion Price); provided,
however, that if Shareholder Approval is not obtained at the Initial Shareholder Meeting, or such meeting is adjourned, postponed or
cancelled for any reason, the Preferred Stock will only be convertible into up to an aggregate of 1,016,888 shares of Common Stock,
representing the 19.99% Limit, subject to adjustment, until such time as Shareholder Approval is obtained. Such aggregate amount will
include any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Conversion Price may be adjusted pursuant to the Certificate
of Designation for stock dividends and stock splits, subsequent rights offering, pro rata distributions of dividends or the occurrence
of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designation). In addition, from and after the date of the Initial Shareholder
Meeting, the Conversion Price is subject to adjustment for certain dilutive issuances of Common Stock, as more fully described in
the Certificate of Designation. A holder of Preferred Stock will not have the right to convert any portion of its Preferred Stock if
the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. A holder may increase or decrease the
beneficial ownership limitation up to 9.99%, provided, however, that any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation shall not be
effective until 61 days following notice of such change to the Company. No holders of Preferred Stock will, as holders of Preferred Stock,
have any preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for Common Stock or any of the Companys other securities. The shares of Preferred
Stock are not redeemable by the Company.

The
Warrants are exercisable upon Shareholder Approval at an exercise price equal to 110% of the Conversion Price, or $0.6446 per
share, and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the date of Shareholder Approval; provided, however, that if Shareholder
Approval is not obtained at the Initial Shareholder Meeting, or such meeting is adjourned, postponed or cancelled for any reason, the
Warrants will only be exercisable into up to an aggregate of 1,016,888 shares of Common Stock, representing the 19.99% Limit,
subject to adjustment, until such time as Shareholder Approval is obtained. Such aggregate amount will include any shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. The exercise price of the Warrants may be adjusted for stock dividends and stock splits,
subsequent rights offering, pro rata distributions of dividends or the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Form
of Warrant). In addition, from and after the date of the Initial Shareholder Meeting, the exercise price of the Warrants is subject
to adjustment for certain dilutive issuances of Common Stock, as more fully described in the Form of Warrant. A holder of Warrants will
not have the right to exercise any portion of its Warrants if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess
of 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to such exercise. A holder may increase or decrease the beneficial ownership limitation up to 9.99%, provided, however, that any increase
in the beneficial ownership limitation shall not be effective until 61 days following notice of such change to the Company. If the trailing
five (5) day VWAP (as defined the Warrants) is 300% higher than the initial exercise price of the Warrants, the Company shall have the
right but not the obligation to redeem any of the unexercised portion of the Warrant (the Call Amount). Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Warrants, upon such a redemption, the holders of the Warrants shall exercise the Warrants for up to
the Call Amount.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, commencing on the date of the Initial Closing until such time as the Purchasers no longer own at least 10%
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully diluted, as-converted basis, the Purchasers will be entitled to nominate one director
to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), who will initially be Dr. Robin Smith. Commencing
on the date of the Second Closing until such time as the Purchasers no longer own at least 30% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
on a fully diluted, as-converted basis, the Purchasers will be entitled to nominate one additional director to serve on the Board.

-3-

In
connection with the Offering, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Purchasers for reasonable and documented fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the Offering in an amount not to exceed $300,000, with not less than $150,000 payable at the Initial Closing.

Under
the Purchase Agreement, for a period of nine months from the date of the Initial Closing, the Company and its subsidiaries are prohibited
from issuing, entering into any agreement to issue, or announcing the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock equivalents, subject to certain exceptions.

The
foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the Warrants do not purport to be complete and are
subject to, and qualified in their entirety by the form of Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the form of Warrant
attached as Exhibits 10.1, 3.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of
specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreements and are subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting
parties. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding
the terms of the Purchase Agreement and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business
and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the SEC.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure required by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.03. Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders.

The
disclosure required by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;
Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective as of the Initial Closing Date, the
Board, on the recommendation of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, appointed Robin Smith director of the Company. The
Board appointed Dr. Smith to serve as a member of the Boards Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. The Board
has determined that Dr. Smith (i) is independent under the rules of the NYSE, (ii) meets the heightened standards of independence for
compensation and audit committee membership under the applicable rules of the SEC and NYSE and (iii) qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert under the criteria set forth in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.

Dr.
Smith, age 60, has been a Managing Partner of BRM Holdings, a privately-held strategic and investment advisory firm, since 2015.
From 2006 until 2015, Dr. Smith was chairman and chief executive officer of Lisata Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly-traded stem-cell
bank (NASDAQ: LSTA) (formerly Neostem, Inc.). From October 2019 to December 2023, Dr. Smith served on the board of directors of Cellularity
Inc, a publicly-traded cellular and regenerative medicine company (NASDAQ: CELU). From February 2020 to May 2022, Dr. Smith served on
the board of directors of ServiceSource International, Inc., a publicly-traded customer journey experience company (NASDAQ: SREV) that
was acquired in 2022 by Concentrix Corporation, and served on its nominating and governance committee. From December 2019 to November
2021, Dr. Smith served on the board of directors of Sorrento Therapeutics, a former publicly-traded clinical and commercial stage biopharmaceutical
company (NASDAQ: SRNE). From February 2019 to May 2020, Dr. Smith served on the board of directors of Seelos Therapeutics, a publicly-traded
clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company (NASDAQ: SEEL), and served on its audit and compensation committees. Prior to 2019, Dr. Smith
served on the boards of multiple publicly-traded biopharmaceutical companies. Dr. Smith received her B.A. from Yale University and her
M.D. from the Yale School of Medicine. She holds an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business, completed the Stanford University Directors
Program, and received an honorary Doctor of Science degree from Thomas Jefferson Medical College.

-4-

Dr.
Smith will be compensated in accordance with the Companys standard non-employee director compensation plan.

Dr.
Smith was nominated to the Board pursuant to the Purchase Agreement as a condition to the Initial Closing of the Offering, as more fully
described under Item 1.01 of this Current Report. There are no related party transactions between the Company and Dr. Smith reportable
under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The
disclosure required by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
8.01 Other Events

On
February 13, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing the Offering, the appointment of Dr. Smith and the retirement of Mr. Conrad. A copy of the press release is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibit

No. Description

3.1 Form of Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock

4.2 Form of Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

99.1 Press Release, dated February 13, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-5-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MATINAS
BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.

Dated:
February 13, 2025 By:
/s/
Jerome D. Jabbour

Name: Jerome
D. Jabbour

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

-6-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

MATINAS
BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, 

RIGHTS
AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES
C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 151(g) OF THE 

delaware
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

The
undersigned, Jerome D. Jabbour, does hereby certify that:

1.
The undersigned is the Chief Executive Officer of Matinas Biopharma Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2.
The Corporation is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

3.
On February 10, 2025, the following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board
of Directors):

WHEREAS,
the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001
par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series; and

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors is authorized to divide the preferred stock into any number of series, fix the number of shares constituting such
series and the designation of such series, and the powers (including voting powers, if any), preferences and relative, participating,
optional and other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series;
and

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the designation and number of a series of
the preferred stock and to determine the designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations thereof, which shall consist of 3,300
shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue, as follows:

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or
exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the powers, designations, rights, preferences, restrictions
and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS
OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section
1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(ii).

Buy-In
Adjustment Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(ii).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Covering
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(ii).

Conversion
Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, (i) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof and (ii) any capital stock or other securities into which such shares of Common Stock are changed and any capital
stock or other securities resulting from or compromising a reclassification, combination or subdivision of, or a stock dividend on, any
such shares of Common Stock.

Dilutive
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(g)(i).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of
Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to
the Corporation, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations)
or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Corporation, and (d) sales under and in compliance with the Sales Agreement with BTIG, LLC.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Initial
Shareholder Meeting means the first special meeting, or annual meeting of shareholders, held by the Company for the purpose
of obtaining Shareholder Approval.

Initial
Shareholder Meeting Date means the date that is on or prior to April 10, 2025.

Junior
Securities means, collectively, the Common Stock and any other class of securities that is specifically designated as junior
to the Series C Preferred Stock.

Liquidation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

New
Issuance Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(g)(i).

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers
of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates, if any, which may be issued to evidence such
Preferred Stock.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, among the Corporation and the original
Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Stated
Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Shareholder
Approval means such shareholder approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of NYSE American (or any
successor entity), including but not limited to Section 713 of the NYSE American Company Guide, with regard to the issuance
of the Preferred Stock and related warrants, and such other proposals as reasonably determined by the Company and the Purchasers.

Shareholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day that Shareholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Vstock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Corporation and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation.

Voting
Maximum shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.

Section
2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Preferred Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be 3,300 (which shall not be subject to
increase without the written consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock voting as a separate
class (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall
have a par value of $0.0001 per share and a stated value equal to $1,000 (the Stated Value).

Section
3. Dividends. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders
shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis, disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations hereunder) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares
of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares
of Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not pay any dividends on the Common Stock unless the Corporation simultaneously complies with
this provision.

Section
4. Voting Rights. From and after the Shareholder Approval Date, the Holders shall be entitled to vote with holders of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation
for their action or consideration (whether at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, by written action of stockholders in lieu
of a meeting or otherwise), except as provided by law, or as prohibited by the rules and regulation of the New York Stock Exchange. In
any such vote, each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to the Stated Value per share of Preferred
Stock divided by $0.6393, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar
transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the required
Shareholder Approval is not obtained at the Initial Shareholder Meeting, or such meeting is adjourned, postponed or cancelled for any
reason, then after the Initial Shareholder Meeting Date, the Holders shall be entitled to vote as set forth above; provided, however,
that such Holders in the aggregate shall be prohibited from voting in excess of 1,016,888 shares of Common Stock, calculated on
an as converted to Common Stock basis, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement (the Voting Maximum)
until Shareholder Approval is obtained. In any such vote, each Holder shall be entitled to vote the portion of the Voting Maximum
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Stated Value of such Holders Preferred Stock by (y) the aggregate Stated Value
of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on the record date for such vote or written consent, or, if there is no specified
record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. Each Holder shall be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings (or
requests for written consent) at which it eligible to vote in accordance with the Corporations bylaws and as otherwise required
by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall
not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, voting as a separate
class, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock in this Certificate of Designation,
(b) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, (c) authorize or issue an additional class or series of capital stock
that ranks senior to the Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets on liquidation or (d) enter into any agreement with
respect to any of the foregoing.

Section
5. Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation),
the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets available for distribution to stockholders, (i) after and subject to the payment
in full of all amounts required to be distributed to the holders of another class or series of stock of the Corporation ranking on liquidation
prior and in preference to the Preferred Stock, (ii)ratably with any class or series of stock designated as ranking on liquidation on
parity with the Preferred Stock and (iii) in preference and priority to the holders of the shares of Junior Securities, an amount equal
to 100% of the Stated Value and no more, in proportion to the full and preferential amount that all shares of the Preferred Stock are
entitled to receive. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation not less than 20 days prior to the payment date
stated therein, to each Holder. If the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets
to be distributed to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be ratably distributed among the Holders in accordance with the respective
amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.

Section
6. Conversion.

a)
Conversions at Option of Holder. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and
after the Shareholder Approval Date, at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 6(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price
(as defined below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Shareholder Approval is not obtained at the Initial Shareholder Meeting, or
such meeting is adjourned, postponed or cancelled for any reason, then after the Initial Shareholder Meeting Date, the Preferred Stock
shall only be convertible into up to an aggregate of 1,016,888 shares of Common Stock until the time Shareholder Approval is obtained
and such aggregate amount shall include any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement (the Issuable Maximum), subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement. For the avoidance
of doubt, if the Company has not obtained the Shareholder Approval, then the Company may not issue upon conversion of the Preferred Stock
a number of shares of Common Stock, which, when aggregated with any shares of Common Stock issued (i) pursuant to the exercise of the
Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (ii) upon prior conversion of Preferred Stock, would exceed 1,016,888 subject
to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common
Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement. Each Holder shall be entitled to a portion of the Issuable Maximum equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Stated Value of such Holders Preferred Stock by (y) the aggregate Stated Value of the
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on the record date for such vote or written consent, or, if there is no specified record
date, as of the date of such vote or written consent Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion
notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number
of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number
of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which
date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the
Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the
date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations
and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. From and after the
Conversion Date, until presented for transfer or exchange, certificates that previously represented shares of Preferred Stock, if any,
shall represent, in lieu of the number of shares of Preferred Stock previously represented by such certificate, the number of shares
of Preferred Stock, if any, previously represented by such certificate that were not converted pursuant to the Notice of Conversion,
plus the number of shares of Conversion Shares into which the shares of Preferred Stock previously represented by such certificate were
converted. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s), if any,
representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so
converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate, if any, representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following
the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled
and shall not be reissued as shares of Preferred Stock and shall automatically and without further action by the Corporation be retired
and restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock of the Corporation.

b)
Conversion Price. The conversion price for the Preferred Stock shall equal $0.586, subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion
Price); subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Section 7 herein.

c)
Mechanics of Conversion

i.
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date),
the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon
the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement
period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporations primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as
in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

ii.
Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares; Buy-In. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered
to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be entitled
to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion,
in which event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation
and the Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice
of Conversion. If, by the Share Delivery Date, the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock, as set forth in the Conversion Notice, and after such Share Delivery Date, the converting Holder purchases,
in an arms length open market transaction or otherwise, shares of Common Stock (the Covering Shares) in order
to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by the converting Holder (the Sold Shares), which delivery
such converting Holder anticipated to make using the shares to be issued upon such conversion (a Buy-In), the converting
Holder shall have the right to require the Corporation to pay to the converting Holder the Buy-In Adjustment Amount. The Corporation
shall pay the Buy-In Adjustment Amount to the converting Holder in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the converting
holder. The term Buy-In Adjustment Amount means the amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the converting Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Covering Shares associated with a Buy-In, over (ii) the net proceeds
(after brokerage commissions, if any) received by the converting holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. By way of illustration and
not in limitation of the foregoing, if the converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions) of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In, with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds of $10,000, the
Buy-In Adjustment Amount which the Corporation will be required to pay to the converting Holder will be $1,000.

iii.
Obligation Absolute. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce
the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to
enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder
or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person,
and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection
with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the
Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder.

iv.
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available
out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as
herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the
other Holders), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments
and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that
all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

vi.
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock. As to any fraction of a share of Common Stock which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to upon such conversion, the Corporation
shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, but consistent
with the provisions of this subsection with respect to fractional Conversion Shares, nothing shall prevent any Holder from converting
fractional shares of Preferred Stock.

vii.
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be made without charge
to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares,
provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance
and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of such shares of Preferred Stock
and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid.

d)
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Corporation shall not effect any
conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent
that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders
Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted
Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of
the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in
relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred
Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to
be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned
by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each
case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent
to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set
forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition,
a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Holder understands and acknowledges that the Corporation is not representing
to the Holder that the calculations and determinations set forth in this Section 6(d) are in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. For purposes of this Section
6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the
Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the
Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which
may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock,
9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon notice to the Corporation submitted in writing
(which may be via email) to the Secretary of the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 6(d) applicable to its Preferred Stock provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 6(d) shall continue to apply. Any such increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation and shall
only apply to such Holder and no other Holder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall not be waived by the Corporation or the Holder.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock.

Section
7. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while the Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock
Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of,
or payment of a dividend on, the Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv)
issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury
shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then each Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as the Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend
or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction (other than any dividend or distribution
as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 7(a)) (a Distribution), then, in each such case, each
Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the
Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any
limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which
a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock
as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the
Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while the Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation
(and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance
or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect,
purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders
of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by
the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person
acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or
other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), the number of shares
of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
or other consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a
holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which the Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the
determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion
the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon such
Fundamental Transaction.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to the Holders.

i.
Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation
shall promptly deliver to each Holder by email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a
brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the adjustment required to be specified in such notice.

ii.
Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on the Common Stock or shall repurchase the
Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock in their capacities as such rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which
the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (and all of its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole), or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or
(E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation,
then, in each case, the Corporation shall email to each Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the stock ledger of
the Corporation, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall
remain entitled to convert its Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 10-day period commencing on the date of such notice through
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

g)
Adjustment in Conversion Price for Dilutive Issuances. From and after the Initial Shareholder Meeting Date, and subject to any additional stockholder approvals required by law or the rules and regulations
of any applicable Trading Market:

(i)
Common Stock. If Corporation issues or sells, or in accordance with this Certificate of Designation is deemed to have issued or
sold, any shares of Common Stock (excluding shares of Common Stock issued as part of an Exempt Issuance) for a consideration per share
(the New Issuance Price) less than the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale or deemed
issuance or sale (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then immediately after and subject to the consummation of
such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For purposes
of determining the adjusted Conversion Price under this provision, the following shall be applicable:

(ii)
Issuance of Common Stock Equivalents. If the Corporation in any manner issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents (excluding
Common Stock Equivalents issued as part of an Exempt Issuance) and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is
issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof is less than the Conversion Price then in effect, then such Common Stock shall
be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Corporation at the time of the issuance or sale of such Common Stock
Equivalents for such price per share. For the purposes of this section, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common
Stock is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration
(if any) received or receivable by the Corporation with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale of the Convertible
Security and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Security (if any) less any consideration paid or payable by the
Corporation to holders of such Convertible Security with respect to such one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale of such
Convertible Security and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Security. No further adjustment of the Conversion
Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock
Equivalents.

(iii)
Change in Price or Rate of Conversion. If the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or
exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents decreases, or the rate at which any Common Stock Equivalents are convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases, at any time, the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such decrease or increase
shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Common Stock Equivalents provided for
such decreased purchase price or additional consideration or increased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted,
issued or sold. For purposes of this section, if the terms of any Convertible Security that was outstanding as of the original issuance
date of the Preferred Stock are increased or decreased in the manner described herein, then such Convertible Security and the shares
of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such
increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this section shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion
Price then in effect.

(iv)
Calculation of Consideration Received. If any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Corporation will be the fair value of such consideration, except where
such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Corporation will
be the closing market price of such publicly traded securities on the date of receipt of such publicly traded securities. If any shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which
the Corporation is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of
the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
as the case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined with reference
to the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles then in effect for the U.S.

Section
8 Miscellaneous.

a)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Corporation, 1545 Route 206 South, Suite 302, Bedminster, NJ 07921, Attention: Chief Executive Officer,
or such other e-mail address or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance
with this Section 8. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at
the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such e-mail address or address appears
on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreements. Any notice
or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 8 prior to 7:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
to jjabbour@matinasbiopharma.com on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
(iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b)
Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate,
or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, uncertificated shares or a new certificate for the shares
of Preferred Stock represented by the certificate so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such
loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership thereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation (which shall
not include the requirement of posting of any bond).

c)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
principles of conflict of laws thereof.

d)
Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of any provision of this Certificate of Designation or any breach thereof shall
not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or any breach thereof or a waiver
by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation
on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation
or a Holder must be in writing.

e)
Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

f)
Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

g)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation
and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

h)
Status of Converted or Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If any
shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares may not be reissued as Preferred Stock and
shall automatically be retired and shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be
designated as Preferred Stock.

*********************

RESOLVED,
FURTHER, that the Chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be
and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 13th day of February, 2025.

/s/
Jerome D. Jabbour 

Name: Jerome
D. Jabbour 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

ANNEX
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

(To
be Executed by the Registered Holder in order to Convert Shares of Preferred Stock)

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), Matinas Biopharma Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Corporation), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are
to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto
and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.
No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes.

Conversion
calculations:

Date
to Effect Conversion:

_____________________________________________

Number
of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion:

_________________

Number
of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:

_________________________

Stated
Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted:

_____________________

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be Issued:

____________________________

Applicable
Conversion Price:

____________________________________________

Number
of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion:

_________________

Address
for Delivery:

______________________

or

DWAC
Instructions:

Broker
no: _________

Account
no: ___________

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Matinas
Biopharma Holdings, Inc.

Warrant Shares: ____________ Issue Date: ___________, 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the Shareholder Approval Date, subject to the terms of Section 2(f) below (the Initial Exercise
Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Matinas Biopharma Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ____________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the
Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated February 13, 2025 among the Company and the
purchasers signatory thereto.

1

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise on the Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.6446, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole
or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof
on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2)
hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to
Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a
Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day;

2

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted
hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise
rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company
agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market
(OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

3

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier
of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the
earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of
the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading
Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees
to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As
used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days,
on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of
Exercise.

4

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [9.99/4.99%] of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise
of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

f)
Adjustment to Initial Exercise Date. In the event that the Shareholder Approval is not obtained at the Initial Shareholder Meeting,
or such meeting is adjourned, postponed or cancelled for any reason, then after the Initial Shareholder Meeting Date, this Warrant and
the other Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall only be exercisable into up to an aggregate of 1,016,888 shares
of Common Stock until the time Shareholder Approval is obtained and such aggregate amount shall include any shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, subject to adjustment for reverse and
forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date
of the Purchase Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company has not obtained the Shareholder Approval, then the Company may
not issue upon exercise of this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock, which, when aggregated with any shares of Common Stock issued
(i) pursuant to the conversion of Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (ii) upon prior exercise of this or any
other Warrant issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, would exceed 1,016,888, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock
splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase
Agreement.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of
its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock
issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv)
issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the
Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if
any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that
the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made
pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall
become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination
or re-classification.

8

b) Adjustment
in Exercise Price for Dilutive Issuances. From and after the Initial Shareholder Meeting
Date and subject to any
additional stockholder approvals required by law or the rules and regulations of any applicable
Trading Market:

i. Common
Stock. If the Company issues or sells, or in accordance with this Section 3 is deemed
to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (excluding shares of Common Stock issued
as part of an Exempt Issuance) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance
Price) less than the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issue
or sale or deemed issuance or sale (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance),
then immediately after and subject to the consummation of such Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale) shall
be reduced (and in no event increased) to an Exercise Price equal to the lowest price per
share at which any such share of Common Stock has been issued or sold (or is deemed to have
been issued or sold). For purposes of determining the adjusted Exercise Price under this
provision, the following shall be applicable:

A.
Issuance of Common Stock Equivalents. If the Company in any manner issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents (excluding Common
Stock Equivalents issued as part of an Exempt Issuance) and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable
upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof is less than the Exercise Price then in effect, then such Common Stock shall be deemed
to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Common Stock Equivalents
for such price per share. For the purposes of this section, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is
issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof shall be equal to the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if
any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale of the Common Stock
Equivalent and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock Equivalent (if any) less any consideration paid or payable
by the Company to holders of such Common Stock Equivalent with respect to such one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale of
such Common Stock Equivalent and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common Stock Equivalent. No further adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Common
Stock Equivalents.

9

B.
Change in Price or Rate of Conversion. If the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or
exchange of any Common Stock Equivalents decreases, or the rate at which any Common Stock Equivalents are convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases, at any time, the Exercise Price in effect at the time of such decrease or increase
shall be adjusted to the Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Common Stock Equivalents provided for such
decreased purchase price or additional consideration or increased conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time initially granted,
issued or sold. For purposes of this section, if the terms of any Common Stock Equivalent that was outstanding as of the original issuance
date of these Warrants are increased or decreased in the manner described herein, then such Common Stock Equivalent and the shares of
Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such
increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this section shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Exercise
Price then in effect.

C.
Calculation of Consideration Received. If any shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where
such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be
the closing market price of such publicly traded securities on the date of receipt of such publicly traded securities. If any shares
of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which
the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the
net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, as
the case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined with reference
to the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles then in effect for the U.S.

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

10

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then,
upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been
issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

11

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

12

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

13

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
Company Redemption Right. Subject to the provisions in this Section 5(a), if the trailing five (5) day VWAP is 300% higher than
the initial Exercise Price, the Company shall have the right (the Call Right), but not the obligation to redeem
any of the unexercised portion of this Warrant and for which a Notice of Exercise has not yet been delivered (the Call Amount);
provided, however, that the Call Right shall only be exercisable by delivering a Call Notice (as defined below) within
ten (10) Trading Days of such period. To exercise this Call Right, the Company shall deliver to the Holders an irrevocable written notice
(a Call Notice), indicating the Call Amount, the Call Amount can be all or a portion of the outstanding Warrant.
The date that the Company delivers the Call Notice to the Holders will be referred to as the Call Date. Within thirty
(30) Trading Days of receipt of the Call Notice, the Holder shall exercise this Warrant for up to the Call Amount in accordance with
Section 2(d) above. Any portion of the Call Amount that is not exercised by 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the 30th Trading Day following
the date of receipt of the Call Notice (the Redemption Date) shall be cancelled. Any unexercised portion of this
Warrant to which the Call Notice does not pertain (the Remaining Portion) will be unaffected by such Call Notice.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will honor any Exercise Notice with respect to the Call Amount that are tendered from the Call
Date through and including 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Redemption Date.

14

b)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

c)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

d)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

e)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

15

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

f)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

g)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

16

i)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

j)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

k)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

l)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

m)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

n)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

o)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

17

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

MATINAS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

18

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
Matinas Biopharma Holdings, Inc.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ]
in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ]
[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:________________ 

Holders
Address:_________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 13, 2025, between Matinas Biopharma
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto
(each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have
the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate
of Designation means the Certificate of Designation to be filed prior to the Initial Closing by the Company with the Secretary
of State of Delaware, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

1

Closing
means the Initial Closing and the Second Closing, as applicable.

Closing
Date means the Initial Closing Date and the Second Closing, as applicable.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Certificate of Designation.

Conversion
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms
hereof.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Escrow
Agent means The Crone Law Group, P.C., with offices at 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2446, New York, NY 10170.

Escrow
Agreement means the escrow agreement entered into prior to the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Purchasers and the
Escrow Agent pursuant to which the Purchasers shall deposit Subscription Amounts attributable to the Second Closing with the Escrow Agent
to be applied to the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the
Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of
Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to
the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations)
or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Company, and (d) sales under and in compliance with the Sales Agreement with BTIG, LLC.

2

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

First
Director Nomination Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

First
Preferred Nominee shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Initial
Closing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Initial
Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties Closing, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Initial Offering Amount and (ii) the
Companys obligations to deliver the Securities purchased at the Initial Closing, in each case, have been satisfied or waived,
but in no event later than the second Trading Day following the date hereof.

Initial
Closing Amount shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Initial
Shareholder Meeting shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.17.

Initial
Shareholder Meeting Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.17.

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

3

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Preferred
Nominees shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

Preferred
Stock means the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued hereunder having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth
in the Certificate of Designation, in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.15.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Second
Closing shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Second
Closing Date means the date on which the Shareholder Approval is received.

4

Second
Closing Amount shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Second
Nomination Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

Second
Preferred Nominee shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.18.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Preferred Stock, the Conversion Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shareholder
Approval means such shareholder approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of NYSE American (or any
successor entity), including but not limited to Section 713 of the NYSE American Company Guide, with regard to the issuance
of the Preferred Stock and Warrants, and such other proposals as reasonably determined by the Company and the Purchasers.

Shareholder
Approval Date means the Trading Day that Shareholder Approval is received and deemed effective.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stated
Value means $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Preferred Stock and Warrants purchased hereunder as
specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

5

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, the Escrow Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules
thereto and hereto, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Vstock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company and any successor transfer
agent of the Company.

Underlying
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Preferred Stock and upon
exercise of the Warrants.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closings in accordance with Section 2.2(a)
hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable pursuant to the terms of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant and have a term of exercise equal
to five years, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1
Closings.

(a)
On the Initial Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of $1,650,000 of shares of Preferred Stock (the Initial Closing
Amount) with an aggregate Stated Value for each Purchaser equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount attributable
to the Initial Closing as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and Warrants as determined by pursuant to
Section 2.2(a). Prior to the Initial Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer, immediately available
funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount attributable to the Initial Closing as set forth on the signature page hereto
executed by such Purchaser. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, on the Initial Closing
Date, the Purchasers shall deliver to the Escrow Agent an escrow release notice with respect to the release and disbursement of the Initial
Closing Amount, minus any fees or expenses payable by the Company pursuant to Section 5.2, to the Company. The Company shall then deliver
to each Purchaser its respective shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and
each Purchaser. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the closing of the Initial Closing
Amount (the Initial Closing) shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Initial Closing documentation.

6

(b)
No later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the shareholder meeting at which the Shareholder Approval is sought, each Purchaser
shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount
attributable to the Second Closing as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser. On the Second Closing Date,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, an aggregate of an additional $1,650,000 of shares of Preferred Stock (the Second Closing Amount)
with an aggregate Stated Value for each Purchaser equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount attributable to the Second Closing
as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser, and Warrants as determined by pursuant to Section 2.2(a). On the
Shareholder Approval Date, the Second Closing Amount, minus any fees or expenses payable by the Company pursuant to Section 5.2, shall
be delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement. On the Second Closing Date, the Company shall deliver
to each Purchaser its respective shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and
each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Second Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants
and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the closing of the Second Closing Amount (the Second Closing)
shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Initial Closing documentation.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the applicable Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
as to the Initial Closing, this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
as to the Initial Closing, the Company shall have provided the Escrow Agent with the Companys wire instructions;

(iii)
as to the Initial Closing, the Escrow Agent shall have provided each Purchaser with the Escrow Agents wire instructions;

(iv)
as to the Initial Closing, evidence of the filing and acceptance of the Certificate of Designations from the Secretary of State of Delaware;

(v)
as to each Closing, a certificate evidencing a number of shares of Preferred Stock equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount
attributable to such Closing divided by the Stated Value, registered in the name of such Purchaser; and

(vi)
as to each Closing, a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
200% of such Purchasers Conversion Shares underlying its Preferred Stock purchased at such Closing, with an exercise price equal
to $0.6446, subject to adjustment therein.

7

(b)
Each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company or the Escrow Agent, as applicable, the following:

(i)
On or prior to the Initial Closing Date, this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii)
On or prior to the Initial Closing Date such Purchasers Subscription Amount attributable to the Initial Closing
by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Escrow Agent; and

(iii)
No later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the shareholder meeting at which the Shareholder Approval is sought, such Purchasers
Subscription Amount attributable to the Second Closing by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Escrow Agent.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date
therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall
have been performed in all material respects; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the applicable Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations
or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

8

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have
been performed in all material respects;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(v)
from the date hereof to the applicable Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the applicable Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States
or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable
judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the applicable Closing; and

(vi)
upon the Initial Closing, Dr. Robin L. Smith shall be appointed to the Board of Directors as the First Preferred Nominee, pursuant to
the terms of Section 4.18.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries
or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

9

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Section 4.15 of this Agreement,
(iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing
of the Underlying Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and
such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (v) Shareholder Approval (collectively, the Required
Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The shares of Preferred Stock are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance
with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company,
other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital
stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Preferred Stock and the Warrants.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on the SEC Reports. The Company has not
issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of
employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to
the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. As of the date hereof, the Company has no series of
preferred stock issued and outstanding. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar
right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are
no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which
the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital
stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common
Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities
to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder,
the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge
of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

11

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein
as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer
subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly
present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial,
year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables
and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be
reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company
has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property
to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The
Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of
the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in the SEC Reports, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence
or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director
or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

12

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

13

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system
of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general
or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure
controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms.
The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and
the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the
Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions
of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation
Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined
in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

15

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Other than each of the Purchasers, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect
the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently
eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is
current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

16

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement
taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not
misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of the
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Indebtedness. The SEC Reports sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

17

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company,
such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with
respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

18

(ff)
Acknowledgement Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere
herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company
that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling,
long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to
hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including,
without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement
transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties
in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short
position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms
length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more
Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without
limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and
(z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and
after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities
do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United
States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving
or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

19

(ii)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(jj)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(kk)
Reserved.

20

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby.

(qq)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

21

(rr)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ss)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(tt)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the applicable Closing Date of
(i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably
be expected to become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, in each case of which it is aware.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the applicable Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein,
in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

22

(b)
Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and
not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it convers any shares of Preferred Stock or exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

23

(g)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Transfer Restrictions.

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement.

24

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the in the following form:

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER
LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time-to-time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof):
(i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any
sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iii) if such Underlying Shares
are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The
Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required by the Transfer
Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any shares of Preferred
Stock or portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the applicable
Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise) or if such legend is not otherwise
required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff
of the Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such
legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the
Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such
third Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing
such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions
to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Underlying Shares subject
to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers
prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Underlying Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

25

(d)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired,
the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act as long as the Company is subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act .

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the
Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral,
between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents,
on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be no further force or effect.
The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any
such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior
consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed,
except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice
of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser,
or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior
written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) the Registration Statement
and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading
Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this
clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

26

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms in writing that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, director, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

27

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes
and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables
in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).
If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position
of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such
separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party
effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent,
but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained
herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities
the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

28

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue the Underlying Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation
of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Initial Closing, the Company shall
apply to list or quote all of the Underlying Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Underlying Shares
on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market,
it will then include in such application all of the Underlying Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Underlying Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action
reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with
the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain
the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation,
including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation
in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date hereof until nine (9) months from the Initial Closing Date, neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

29

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed
to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that
it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be
restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws
from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press
release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities
of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent,
after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser
that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets
and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the
portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14
Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of
Conversion included in the Certificate of Designation set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to
exercise the Warrants or convert the Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise or
Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice
of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be required in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the Preferred Stock. No additional
legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants or convert their Preferred
Stock. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and conversions of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Underlying Shares in
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.15
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the applicable
Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of
such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

30

4.16
Registration Statement. As soon as practicable, and in no event later than the 15th calendar day following the date
on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, the Company shall
file a registration statement (the Registration Statement) on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form if the Company
is not then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Underlying Shares. The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause such registration to become effective as soon as practicable and to keep such registration statement effective at all
times until no Purchaser owns any Underlying Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Preferred Stock and Warrants, as applicable.
In addition, once per calendar year a majority of the holders of the Preferred Stock then outstanding may request registration under
the Securities Act of all or any portion of their Underlying Shares pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (or
any successor forms thereto) and the Company shall prepare and file with (or confidentially submit to) the Commission a Registration
Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (or any successor forms thereto) covering all of the Underlying Securities that the holders thereof
have requested to be included in such Registration Statement within thirty (30) days after the date on which the initial request is given
and shall use its reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as soon as practicable
thereafter. Further, at any time that the Company files a Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (or any successor forms thereto)
for the offering of Common Stock or Convertible Securities for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company, other
than a Registration Statement (a) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (b) for an exchange offer
or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders or pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4, (c)
for an offering of debt that is convertible into common stock of the Company, or (d) for a dividend reinvestment plan, the Purchasers
shall have the opportunity to include for registration for resale their Underlying Shares upon customary terms and conditions.

4.17
Shareholder Approval. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to hold a special meeting of shareholders (which may also
be at the annual meeting of shareholders) by April 10, 2025 (the Initial Shareholder Meeting Date), for the purpose
of obtaining Shareholder Approval (the Initial Shareholder Meeting), with the recommendation of the Companys
Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its shareholders in connection therewith
in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their
proxies in favor of such proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Shareholder Approval by the Initial
Shareholder Meeting Date. If the Company does not obtain Shareholder Approval at the Initial Shareholder Meeting, the Company shall call
a meeting every four months thereafter to seek Shareholder Approval until the earlier of the date Shareholder Approval is obtained or
the Preferred Stock and Warrants are no longer outstanding.

31

4.18
Director Nomination. On the Initial Closing Date, the Purchasers shall be entitled to nominate one (1) director of the Company
(the First Preferred Nominee) to serve on the Board of Directors, until such time as the Purchasers no longer own
least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully diluted, as-converted basis (as adjusted for any stock splits,
stock dividends, recapitalizations, or similar transaction) (such period, the First Director Nomination Period).
After the Second Closing Date, the Purchasers shall be entitled to nominate one (1) additional director of the Company (the Second
Preferred Nominee, and together with the First Nominee, the Preferred Nominees) to serve on the Board
of Directors, until such time as the Purchasers no longer own least thirty percent (30%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on
a fully diluted, as-converted basis (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, or similar transaction) (such
period, the Second Director Nomination Period). One of the two Preferred Nominees shall at all times meet the independence
requirements of the applicable Trading Market. Until the expiration of the First Director Nomination Period and the Second Director Nomination
Period, respectively, the Board of Directors shall include, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the rules of the applicable
Trading Market, the Preferred Nominees, if such Preferred Nominees have been nominated by the Purchasers, as director nominees at each
general or special meeting of shareholders of the Company at which an election of directors is held and shall recommend in favor of,
and use its reasonable best efforts to solicit shareholder approval of, the election of each such preferred nominees at each such meeting.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Initial Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided,
however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses.

(a)
Except as set forth in Section 5.2(b), each party hereto shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other
experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing
of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other
taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

(b)
The Company shall reimburse the Purchasers for their reasonable and documented fees and expenses incurred in relation to the transactions
contemplated herein in an amount not to exceed $300,000.00, with not less than $150,000.00 payable at the Initial Closing.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

32

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Preferred Stock
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Initial Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case
of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to
any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party
to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

33

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the applicable Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

34

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission
of a conversion of the Preferred Stock or exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common
Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise
price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such
Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

35

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

36

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

MATINAS BIOPHARMA
HOLDINGS, INC. Address for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: 

Title: 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

37

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO MTNB SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Initial
Closing:

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Preferred
Stock: _________________

Conversion
Shares: __________________

Warrant
Shares: __________________

Second
Closing:

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Preferred
Stock: _________________

Conversion
Shares: __________________

Warrant
Shares: __________________

EIN
Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

38
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Matinas
BioPharma Announces Agreement for the Acquisition of Preferred Stock and Appointment of Dr. Robin L. Smith to the Board of Directors

BEDMINSTER,
N.J. (February 13, 2025) Matinas BioPharma Holdings, Inc. (NYSE American: MTNB) (the Company)
today announced that the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Agreement) with a certain group of investors
(the Investors), pursuant to which they agreed to purchase from the Company 3,300 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Preferred Stock) and warrants to purchase up to 11,262,808 shares of common stock at a purchase
price of $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock and accompanying warrants for aggregate gross proceeds of $3.3 million before deducting
offering expenses payable by the Company.

The
Investors purchased 1,650 shares of Preferred Stock and accompanying warrants to purchase up to 5,631,404 shares of common stock
for gross proceeds to the Company of $1.65 million at an initial closing on February 13, 2025. Subject to the satisfaction of
certain closing conditions, on the date on which the Companys stockholders approve the issuance of all of the shares of Common
Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and warrants, as required by the applicable rules and regulations of the NYSE American LLC
(the Shareholder Approval), the Investors will pay an additional $1.65 million in exchange for an additional 1,650
shares of Preferred Stock and accompanying warrants to purchase up to 5,631,404 shares of common stock at a second closing.

The
shares of Preferred Stock will be convertible into common stock at a conversion price of $0.586, and each share of Preferred Stock
is initially convertible into 1,706 shares of common stock. The warrants will have an exercise price of $0.6446 per share,
will be exercisable, subject to certain exceptions, beginning on the effective date of the Shareholder Approval and will expire five
years from the effective date of the Shareholder Approval.

The
funds will be used for general corporate purposes, with a focus on reducing operating expenses and exploring strategic alternatives for
MAT2203, the Companys Phase 3-ready antifungal drug candidate for the treatment of invasive fungal infections, as well as other
strategic alternatives for the Company.

In
connection with the Agreement, Dr. Robin L. Smith, MD, MBA has been appointed to the Board of Directors. Dr. Smith is a global business
leader, medical doctor, author and entrepreneur who has held various C-Suite and board positions in the biopharmaceutical industry. She
currently serves on the boards of directors of Spiritus Therapeutics, which she co-founded, the International Board of Sanford Health,
and is the Chairman, President and founder of the Cura Foundation, a nonsectarian public charity dedicated to improving human health
and well-being and increasing quality of life globally.

Dr.
Smith has also had extensive experience serving on multiple private and public companies boards of directors and board committees, including
audit, nominating, governance, compensation and science and technology committees in healthcare services, biotechnology, AI, technology
and consumer products. Dr. Smith also founded numerous companies in regenerative medicine and is a managing partner of BRM Holdings
family office. From 2006 until 2015, Dr. Smith was chairman and chief executive officer of Neostem, Inc., where she pioneered the companys
innovative business model, combining proprietary cell therapy development with successful contract development and manufacturing organization.

Dr.
Smith has been recognized for her extensive leadership in the biopharmaceutical industry, winning an array of industry awards and business
recognitions. She received the Regenerative Medicine Foundation (RMF) 2019 Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine Action Award for International
Diplomacy, the 2018 HEALinc Future Health Humanitarian Award, the Business Intelligence Groups Woman of the Year Award in 2018
and the 2018 Gold Stevie Award for Woman of the Year (Government or Non-Profit). In April 2016, Pope Francis awarded Dr. Smith Dame
Commander with Star Pontifical Equestrian Order of Saint Sylvester Pope and Martyr and was awarded the Lifetime Achievement in Healthcare
and Science by The National Museum of Catholic Art and Library.

She
received her B.A. degree from Yale University and her M.D. degree from the Yale School of Medicine. Dr. Smith holds an M.B.A. degree
from the Wharton School of Business and completed the Stanford University Directors Program and received an honorary Doctor of Science
degree from Thomas Jefferson Medical College.

The
Company also announced that Herbert J. Conrad, founding Chairman of Matinas, has resigned from the Board and will retire. The
Company wishes to express its sincere gratitude to Mr. Conrad for his long and dedicated service and support of the Company.

We
are very excited to have Robin join our Board, commented Jerome D. Jabbour, Chief Executive Officer of Matinas. She
brings deep medical and business knowledge and experience at a critical time for our Company. I believe Dr. Smith will be an invaluable
addition to our Board and can be a great contributor as we move forward. I would also like to personally thank Herb Conrad for his unwavering
commitment and contributions to Matinas since we began our journey together in 2012. Herb was the first investor in the Company and provided
incredible leadership throughout his years on the Board. We wish Herb all the best in his retirement.

The
Board has directed management to continue to reduce operating costs while strategic alternatives are being explored. There can be no
assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in any agreement or transaction, or as to the timing of any such
agreement or transaction. Further, there can be no assurance that the Company will receive Stockholder Approval or that the second closing
will occur.

About
Matinas BioPharma

Matinas
BioPharma is a biopharmaceutical company focused on delivering groundbreaking therapies using its lipid nanocrystal (LNC) platform delivery
technology.

About
MAT2203

Matinas
BioPharmas MAT2203 is a potential oral broad-spectrum treatment for invasive deadly fungal infections. Although amphotericin B
is a fungicidal agent, it is currently only available through an intravenous route of administration, which is known to be associated
with several significant safety issues such as renal toxicity and anemia due to very high circulating levels of amphotericin B. MAT2203
has the potential to overcome the significant limitations of the currently available amphotericin B products due to its targeted oral
delivery. Combining comparable fungicidal activity with targeted delivery results in a lower risk of toxicity and potentially creates
the ideal antifungal agent for the treatment of invasive fungal infections. MAT2203 was successfully evaluated in the completed Phase
2 EnACT study in HIV patients suffering from cryptococcal meningitis, meeting its primary endpoint and achieving robust survival. MAT2203
was planned to be further evaluated in a single Phase 3 registration trial as an oral step-down monotherapy following treatment with
AmBisome (liposomal amphotericin B) compared with the standard of care in patients with invasive aspergillosis who have limited treatment
options.

For
more information, please visit www.matinasbiopharma.com.

Forward-looking
Statements

This
release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
including those relating to compliance with NYSE American listing requirements, and other statements that are predictive in nature, that
depend upon or refer to future events or conditions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could
be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include words such as expects, anticipates, intends,
plans, could, believes, estimates and similar expressions. These statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including, but not limited to, the satisfaction of closing conditions related to the second closing of the offering; the intended use
of proceeds from the offering; the receipt of the Shareholder Approval; the sale of MAT 2203, and the evaluation of other alternatives
for the Company, including a winddown or dissolution of the Company; and the other factors listed under Risk Factors in
our filings with the SEC, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. Except as may be required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation
to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. Matinas BioPharmas product candidates are all in a development stage and are not available
for sale or use.

Investor
Contact

Jerome
D. Jabbour

Chief
Executive Officer

(908)
484-8805

operations@matinasbiopharma.com

#
# #
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mtnb-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mtnb-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>mtnb-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38022

Entity Registrant Name MATINAS
BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001582554

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-3011414

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1545
Route 206 South

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 302

Entity Address, City or Town Bedminster

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07921

City Area Code (908)

Local Phone Number 484-8805

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol MTNB

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://matinasbiopharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
mtnb-20250213.xsd 
mtnb-20250213_lab.xml 
mtnb-20250213_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-006481-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001582554 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001582554 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
MATINAS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
DE 
001-38022 
46-3011414 
1545 Route 206 South 
Suite 302 
Bedminster 
NJ 
07921 
(908) 
484-8805 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
MTNB 
NYSEAMER 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>