<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001576.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001576.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107091024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001576
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250102
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XWELL, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001410428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34785
		FILM NUMBER:		25513583

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		254 WEST 31ST STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 750-9595

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		254 WEST 31ST STREET
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XpresSpa Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Form Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XpresSpa Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251904d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000141042800014104282025-01-022025-01-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(D) of the Securities
Exchange Act Of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 2, 2025

XWELL,
Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-34785 20-4988129

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

254 West 31st Street, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10001

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(212) 750-9595

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share XWEL The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers

Resignation, Separation Agreement and Release
with Suzanne Scrabis

On January 2, 2025, XWELL, Inc. (the
Company) entered into that certain Resignation, Separation Agreement and Release (the Scrabis
Release Agreement), by and between the Company and Suzanne Scrabis, and effective as January 8, 2025 (the Scrabis
Separation Date), in connection with Ms. Scrabiss resignation as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the Scrabis Release Agreement, in consideration for performing certain transition services and entering into
the Scrabis Release Agreement, Ms. Scrabis will receive within 30 days from the Separation Date, a regular bi-weekly salary in the
amount of $11,538.46 for a period of six months, less all applicable deductions and withholdings. The Company has additionally agreed
to reimburse the portion of Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, premiums paid by Ms. Scrabis for
the continuation of health coverage under the Companys group benefit plans, for up to six months and subject to certain exceptions.

The Scrabis Release Agreement also provides for
certain customary covenants regarding confidentiality and a release of claims. Ms. Scrabiss resignation as the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company was not the result of any disagreement regarding any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies,
or practices.

Executive Employment Agreement with Thomas
Ian Brown

On January 3, 2025, the Company entered into
that certain Executive Employment Agreement (the Brown Employment Agreement) with Thomas Ian Brown, effective
as of January 6, 2025 (the Brown Effective Date). As of the Brown Effective Date, Mr. Brown shall
serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer.

Pursuant to the terms of the Brown Employment
Agreement, Mr. Brown shall be employed for a period of three years beginning on the Brown Effective Date (the Initial
Employment Period), which such period shall be automatically renewed for additional consecutive terms of one year each
(each, a Renewal Period and together with the Initial Employment Period, the Employment Period),
unless either Mr. Brown or the Company provide a written notice of non-renewal at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Employment
Period or the then-current Renewal Period, as applicable. The Company shall pay Mr. Brown an annual base salary of $375,000 (the
Base Salary), less applicable taxes and deductions. Mr. Brown will additionally receive (i) a signing
bonus in the amount of $75,000 and (ii) a guaranteed bonus of $75,000 within 30 days of the first anniversary of the Brown Effective
Date, provided that Mr. Brown has been an employee in good standing at all times throughout such period. During the Employment Period,
Mr. Brown will be eligible to earn an annual bonus of up to 100% of the Base Salary, based upon the achievement of performance goals
and metrics established by the Board at its sole discretion, which such bonus payment, if any, shall be split 50/50 between cash and a
grant of restricted stock units with respect to the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock).
Additionally, following the Brown Effective Date, Mr. Brown shall be granted (A) stock options to purchase up to 37,000 shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant, which shall be the closing price of the
grant date, with such stock options to vest in four quarterly installments of 25% each on the first, second, third and fourth quarters
after the grant date.

Pursuant to the terms of the Brown Employment
Agreement, the Company may terminate the Brown Employment Agreement and Mr. Browns employment thereunder for Cause or Good
Reason (as such terms are defined in the Brown Employment Agreement) at any time during the Employment Period and pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Brown Employment Agreement, or without Cause or Good Reason at any time during the Employment Period and pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Brown Employment Agreement.

Ian Brown has more than 25 years of experience in operational finance.
He has expertise in systems transformation, financial operations, and back-office process improvement. From 2022 to 2025, Mr. Brown was
a Managing Director of the Strategic FP&A Group at Accordion. Prior to that role, he served at FTI Consulting in their Technology
Transformation group from 2014 to 2022. Prior, he was Senior Director Business Planning, Customer Operations at Charter Communications,
and a Director of Operational Finance for Insight Communications. Before this, Ian was the CFO of two early-stage companies, was a colleague
of Ezra Ernst at Wolters Kluwer, and also worked in media investment banking. He holds an M.B.A from The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth
and a B.A. from Vassar College.

There is no family relationship between Mr. Brown
and any director or executive officer of the Company. There are no transactions between Mr. Brown and the Company that would be required
to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

The foregoing is only a summary of the material
terms of the Scrabis Release Agreement and the Brown Employment Agreement and does not purport to be complete. The foregoing summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Scrabis Release Agreement and the Brown Employment Agreement, which
are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On January 7, 2025, the Company issued a
press release announcing the change in the Companys management, attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update, supplement or amend the materials attached hereto.

The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K
(including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto) is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be
subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.

Forward-Looking Statements

The press release includes forward-looking statements,
which may be identified by words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates,
projects, intends, should, seeks, future, continue,
or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts.
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements contained herein. The forward-looking statements in the press release constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the risks
and uncertainties and other factors discussed from time to time in the Companys filings with the SEC, including the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements,
registration statement and other documents filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements
and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Resignation, Separation Agreement and Release with Suzanne A. Scrabis, effective as of January 8, 2025

10.2 Executive Employment Agreement with Thomas Ian Brown, effective as of January 6, 2025

99.1 Press Release, dated January 7, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

XWELL, Inc.

Date: January 7,
2025 By: /s/ Ezra T. Ernst

Name: Ezra T. Ernst

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251904d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

RESIGNATION, SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

This Resignation, Separation Agreement and Release
(this Release) is made between XWELL, Inc., including its divisions, subsidiaries, parent and affiliated corporations,
their successors and assigns (individually and collectively the Company) and with Suzanne Scrabis, together with his or
her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns (I or me).

1.Resignation.
I hereby resign from my position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and from all other positions I hold as an employee of the
Company.

2.Separation
of Employment. Subject to the terms, conditions and other provisions in this Release, my employment with the Company is terminated
as of _January 8, 2025 (the Separation Date). I acknowledge and agree that as of the Separation Date, I may no
longer hold myself out as an employee of the Company and will have no authority to act on its behalf. I understand that immediately following
the Separation Date I must remove or cause to be removed from all Social Media (as defined in Section 10 below) all references to
current employment with the Company.

3.Consideration.
(A) I understand that in consideration for my execution of this Release and the Transition Assistance as set forth in
Section 3(B), below, I shall receive from the Company, within thirty (30)
days from the Effective Date, and pending my return of all Company Property (hereinafter defined), (i) my regular bi-weekly
salary in the amount of $11,538.46, according to the Companys regular payroll practices, for a period of six (6) months,
less all applicable deductions and withholdings, beginning the first payroll date following the expiration of the Effective Date (as
defined in Section 17 herein) (such period hereinafter, the Severance Period) and (ii) provided I timely and
properly elect COBRA continuation coverage under the Companys group medical insurance plans, the Company will
contribute the employer portion of the cost for COBRA continuation coverage, pending that I pay the
employee contribution, until the earlier of (i) the end of the Severance Period; (ii) the date I become
covered under another employers health plan or Medicare; or (iii) the expiration of the maximum COBRA continuation
coverage period for which I am eligible under law (the Severance Benefits). Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that (x) no payment shall be made or begin before the Effective Date; and (y) at the end of the
Severance Period, to the extent I am eligible to continue coverage pursuant to COBRA, I shall be responsible for the entire
COBRA premium(s) for the entirety of the applicable COBRA continuation period at no expense to the Company. It is further
understood that, should I decline to sign this Release, I will still be eligible to continue participation in any of the
Companys group insurance plans in which I am enrolled pursuant to COBRA at my own expense.

4.I
acknowledge that, after the Separation Date, I will not accrue or earn any additional or supplemental benefits of any kind by
virtue of the Severance Benefits or otherwise. I acknowledge that, in the absence of my execution of this Release and satisfaction
of my obligations hereunder, I am not and would not otherwise be entitled to the severance Benefits. I further acknowledge
that, upon receipt of my final paycheck on the Companys next regular payroll date, I have received all wages and
employment benefits due to me through the Separation Date. I further understand that, except as specifically provided in this
Release, I am not entitled to any other payments for salary, severance, notice, vacation, holidays, sick leave, paid time off,
compensatory time or other stock options, equity, or employment benefits of any kind or to any other form or kind of payment,
allowance or compensation, including but not limited to short-term and long-term disability insurance or benefits and life insurance
coverage, except as specified by Illinois labor law. For the avoidance of doubt, Company Property shall include my
monitor, laptop, keyboard, mouse, docking station, flash drives, hardcopies of Company documents, any and all proprietary
information. I shall make myself available and cooperate with requests from the Company concerning any business or legal matters
(including, without limitation, response to a subpoena or testimony in any litigation matter) involving facts or events relating to
the Company that may be within my knowledge during the severance period.

(B)Transition
Assistance. I agree to cooperate with Company as directed by the Companys CEO to work with Company employees and my successor (if
any) to ensure a smooth transition of all matters for which I have or had responsibility with respect to the Companys business
(Transition Assistance). I understand and acknowledge that Transition Assistance shall include: (i) providing copies
of all relevant documents, files and other materials without limitation ("Records"), (ii) identifying the location of such
Records maintained by Companys filing systems, data bases and third parties, (iii) meeting with Company employees to explain
complexities, nuances and urgencies with respect to matters being transitioned to such employees and giving them reasonable opportunities
to ask questions of you, and (iv) cooperating with and supporting the Companys objectives with respect to any corporate initiatives,
strategic relationships, litigation or other long-term projects as reasonably requested by the Company. I understand my obligation to
provide Transition Assistance shall expire six months after the Effective Date; provided however my Transition Assistance obligations
regarding any litigation, dispute or threatened litigation in evidence as of the Separation Date shall continue until the date of a final
resolution, settlement or non- appealable judgment (as the case may be). Should the Company require Transition Assistance regarding any
litigation, dispute or threatened litigation in evidence as of the Separation Date after the severance period, my time will be compensated
at $250 per hour as detailed in a contractor agreement that is being executed simultaneously herewith. For the avoidance of doubt, in
addition to the Transition Assistance described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Section 3B, I understand and
agree that my obligation to provide Transition Assistance includes but is not limited to the following matters:

(i) 
Completing the 2025 Budget;

(ii) Completing
of the ACDBE Forensic Audit currently in process with IAG Forensics;

(iii) Providing
a list of all Company bank accounts, contacts, and a detailed transfer and process map with respect to each account;

(iv) 
Preparing and delivering a summary of all cash and burn rate;

(v) 
Preparing and delivering a summary of Companys Audit process; and

(vi) Providing
transitional support with respect to the Companys Informational Technology team and all related projects.

5.General
Release of Claims. I hereby voluntarily release the Company, and its subsidiaries, partners,
affiliates, owners, agents, officers, directors, employees, successors and assigns, and all related persons, individually and in their
official capacities (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, known
and unknown, relating to my employment or cessation of employment that I, my heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns,
have or may have as of the date of execution of this Release, including, but not limited to, any alleged violation of any of (a) the
National Labor Relations Act; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States
Code; Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA); the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act of 1967; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; the Fair Labor Standards Act; the
Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; Executive Order 11246; the Florida Civil Rights Act; Florida
Whistleblower Protection Act; Florida Workers' Compensation Law Retaliation Act; Florida Wage Discrimination Law; Florida Minimum Wage
Act; Florida Equal Pay Law; Florida AIDS Act; Florida Discrimination on the Basis of Sickle Cell Trait Law; Florida OSHA; the Florida
Constitution; the Florida Fair Housing Act; the New York State Human Rights Law; the New York Labor Law (including but not limited to
the Retaliatory Action by Employers Law, the New York State Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, all provisions prohibiting
discrimination and retaliation, and all provisions regulating wage and hour law); the New York Civil Rights Law; Section 125 of
the New York Workers' Compensation Law; Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; the New York City Human Rights Law; the New
York City Earned Sick Leave Law; the Washington Law Against Discrimination; the Washington Family Leave
Act; the Washington Leave Law; the Washington Minimum Wage Requirements and Labor Standards Act; Title 49 of the Revised Code of Washington;
the Washington Equal Pay Opportunity Act; and/or the Washington Fair Chance Act, including any amendment, consolidation or re-enactment
of any of the foregoing; (b) any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law or any other local, state or federal law,
regulation or ordinance; (c) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law; (d) any claims for vacation, sick or personal
leave, pay or payment pursuant to any practice, policy, handbook, or manual of the Company, including any claim for outstanding or unpaid
reimbursements; or (e) any allegation for costs, fees or other expenses including attorneys fees and experts fees incurred
in these matters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release set forth in this Section 4 shall not apply to: (x) any claims
for the payments and benefits in this Release, or (y) any vested employee benefits accrued by me prior to the Effective Date of this
Release under any compensation or benefit plans, programs and arrangements maintained by Company for the benefit of its employees and
subject to ERISA. The Company hereby voluntarily releases me of and from any and all claims, known and unknown, relating to my employment
or cessation of employment that it has or may have as of the date of execution of this Release.

6.No
Existing Claims. I confirm that, to my knowledge, no claim, charge, or complaint against the
Released Parties exists before any federal, state, or local court or administrative agency.

7.No
Participation In Claims. I understand that if this Release were not signed, I would have the right to voluntarily assist
other individuals in bringing claims against the Released Parties. I hereby waive that right and shall not provide any such
assistance other than assistance in an investigation or proceeding conducted by an agency of the United States
government.

8.Nonadmission
of Wrongdoing. I agree that neither this Release nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Release shall be deemed or construed
at any time for any purpose as an admission by the Released Parties of any liability or unlawful conduct of any kind.

9.Confidential
Information. I understand and agree that during the course of my employment with the Company, I have had access to and
learned about confidential, secret, and proprietary documents, materials, and other information, in tangible and intangible form, of
and relating to the Company and its businesses and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated
third parties (Confidential Information). I further understand and acknowledge that this Confidential Information and
the Companys ability to reserve it for its exclusive knowledge and use is of great competitive importance and commercial
value to the Company, and that my improper use or disclosure of the Confidential Information may cause the Company to incur
financial costs, loss of business advantage, liability under confidentiality agreements with third parties, civil damages, and/or
criminal penalties. I accordingly agree and covenant to: (i) treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; and
(ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to
be disclosed, published, communicated, or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever, except I understand
that (x) I will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a
trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an
attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or in a complaint or other document
that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding, and (y) if I file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for
reporting a suspected violation of law, I may disclose the Companys trade secrets to my attorney and use the trade
secret information in the court proceeding if I file any document containing the trade secret under seal and do not disclose the
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

10.Confidentiality. I
agree that all information relating in any way to this Release and/or the negotiations leading up to it, including the terms and
amount of financial consideration provided for in this Release, shall be held confidential by me and shall not be publicized or
disclosed by me to any person (other than an immediate family member, legal counsel or financial advisor, provided that any such
individual to whom disclosure is made agrees to be bound by these confidentiality obligations), business entity or government agency
(except as mandated by state or federal law), except that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit me from participating in an
investigation with a state or federal agency if requested by the agency to do so.

11.Non-Disparagement. I
will not make, publish, or communicate any comments, remarks, or statements that are professionally or personally defamatory or
disparaging about, or adverse to, the interests of the Released Parties including, but not limited to, any statements that disparage
any person, service, finances, financial condition, capability or any other aspect of the business of the Company, and that I will
not engage in any conduct which could reasonably be expected to harm professionally or personally the reputation of the Released
Parties. I further agree and understand that the non-disparagement restrictions in this paragraph extend to and expressly prohibit
comments to the media, on the Internet, or through social media, including, but not limited to, blogs, virtual worlds, social or
professional networking websites, and/or video- or photo-sharing websites (collectively, Social Media). I further
acknowledge that, in the event of a breach of the obligations imposed by this Section, it would be difficult or impossible to
determine the actual damages suffered by the Company. Accordingly, I agree that, if I violate this Section, in addition to any
forfeitures set forth below, I will be liable to the Company for liquidated damages up to an additional Five Thousand Dollars
and Zero Cents ($5,000.00) for each such breach. The Parties agree that this sum represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the
damages caused by each such violation. In the event the Company is contacted by a third party concerning my employment with it or
the termination thereof, the Company shall confirm only position held, salary, and dates of employment. Additionally, there will not
be any disparaging remarks made about me within the Company or to any outside party upon my departure.

12.Breach
of Agreement. I agree that if I breach any of the promises set forth in this Release, or if I challenge this
Release, I shall forfeit the right to the Severance Benefits set forth in Section 3, and the Company further shall have
the right to require me to return all monies paid by the Company in consideration for my signing this Release.

13.Governing
Law and Interpretation. This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
regard to its conflict of laws provisions. If any portion of this Release is declared to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
in any action in which I participate or join, I agree that all consideration paid to me under this Release shall be offset against
any monies that I may receive in connection with any such action.

14.Return
of Property. I warrant and represent that I have returned all Company property, including identification cards or badges,
access codes or devices, keys, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically
stored documents or files, physical files, and any other Company property in my possession. To the extent any such property cannot be
physically returned (e.g., electronically stored documents and files), I warrant and represent that I have destroyed all
such materials. I further acknowledge and agree that I no longer have access to and do not claim ownership of any of Companys
cloud storage or social media accounts.

15.Amendment.
This Release may not be amended except by a written agreement signed by both parties which specifically refers to this Release.

16.Right
to Revoke. I understand that I have the right to revoke this Release at any time during the seven (7) day period following the
date on which I first sign the Release. If I want to revoke, I must make a revocation in writing which states: I hereby revoke
my Release. This written revocation must be received by Cara Soffer (254 West 31st Street, 11th Floor, New
York, NY 10001, (csoffer@xwell.com) before the end of the seven-day revocation period; otherwise, such revocation shall not be
effective.

17.Waiver
of Claims.

(a)In
consideration of the terms of this Release and the Severance Benefits paid by the Company, as described in Section 3 of this Release
(which I agree constitute consideration in addition to anything of value to which I am already entitled), I agree that this Release
constitutes a knowing and voluntary waiver of all waivable rights or claims I may have against the Released Parties, or any of them, including,
but not limited to, all rights or claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA),
including, but not limited to, all claims of age discrimination in employment and all claims of retaliation in violation of the ADEA.

(b)I
understand that, by entering into this Release, I do not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Release is executed.

(c)I
understand that this Release will not affect the rights and responsibilities of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)
to enforce the ADEA, and further understand that this Release will not be used to justify interfering with my protected right to file
a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and
Exchange Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or any similar federal, state, or local agency. I knowingly and
voluntarily waive all rights or claims (that arose prior to my execution of this Release) that I may have against the Released Parties,
or any of them, to receive any benefit or remedial relief (including, but not limited to, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, damages,
and attorneys and experts fees) as a consequence of any charge or compliant filed with the EEOC or any other agency, and
of any litigation concerning any facts alleged in any such charge or complaint.

16.Entire
Agreement. I acknowledge that I have not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to me in
connection with my decision to sign this Release.

17.Effective
Date. This Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the expiration of the 7- day revocation period described in Section 15
above.

I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.

I UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS RELEASE, I
SHALL BE GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS, AND SHALL BE WAIVING MY RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL LAW TO BRING ANY CLAIMS THAT I HAVE
OR MIGHT HAVE AGAINST THE RELEASED PARTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACTS, STATUTES, CODES, ORDINANCES, RULES AND LAWS SET FORTH
IN THIS RELEASE, AND ANY OTHER CONSTITUTIONAL, STATUTORY COMMON LAW RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES.

I UNDERSTAND THAT MY RIGHT TO RECEIVE THE SEVERANCE
BENEFITS SET FORTH IN SECTION 3 OF THIS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RELEASE AND THAT I WOULD
AND WILL NOT RECEIVE SUCH SEVERANCE BENEFITS BUT FOR MY EXECUTION OF THIS RELEASE.

I HAVE BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING TO CONSULT WITH
AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE. I HAVE HAD A REASONABLE OPPORTUNITY TO RETAIN AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING THIS
RELEASE AND HAVE DONE SO.

I ALSO HAVE BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING BY COMPANY
THAT I HAVE FORTY-FIVE (45) DAYS TO CONSIDER THIS RELEASE. I AGREE THAT ANY MODIFICATIONS, MATERIAL OR OTHERWISE, MADE TO THIS RESIGNATION,
SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE DO NOT RESTART OR AFFECT IN ANY MANNER THE ORIGINAL FORTY-FIVE (45) DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD.

I AGREE TO EVERYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS RELEASE AND AM SIGNING THIS
RELEASE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND FREE OF ANY DURESS.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Release as of the date
set forth below.

/s/ Suzanne Scrabis 1/2/2025

Signature DATE

Please
initial here if this agreement is signed before the expiration of the forty-five (45)-day review period to indicate your knowing
and voluntary waiver of any further time for consideration:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm251904d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into, at New York, New York, effective as of the 6th day of January,
2025 (the Effective Date), and is by and between Thomas Ian Brown, an individual residing at the address listed
in the Companys files (Executive), and XWELL, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a XpresSpa Group, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation) with principal offices located at 254 W 31st St, New York, NY 10001 (the Company).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS,
Executive shall be an employee the Company Effective Date and

WHEREAS,
Executive desires to be employed by the Company as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and the Company wishes to employ Executive
in such capacity as of the Effective Date.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained
in this document, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment
and Duties.

(a) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company agrees to hire and employ, and Executive agrees to serve, as the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company. The duties and responsibilities of Executive shall include the duties and responsibilities normally associated with such
position and such other executive officer duties and responsibilities as may be assigned from time to time. At all times during the Employment
Period (as defined below), Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer and shall provide services to the Company
and any or all of its subsidiaries. Executive shall serve in a loyal, faithful and trustworthy manner, and shall comply with all of the
policies of the Company and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, such policies with respect to legal compliance, conflicts
of interest, confidentiality, code of conduct and business ethics as are from time to time in effect (as the same may be amended or modified
from time to time by the Board in its discretion).

(b) Executive
shall devote substantially all of his working time and efforts during the Companys normal business hours to the business and affairs
of the Company and to the diligent and faithful performance of the duties and responsibilities duly assigned to him pursuant to this
Agreement to the best of Executives abilities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Executive from (i) performing
services for such other companies as the Company may designate or permit at the Companys discretion, (ii) serving, with the
prior written consent of the Board, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, as an officer or member of the boards of directors
or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of noncompeting businesses or charitable, educational
or civic organizations, (iii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs and (iv) managing Executives personal
investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) shall be limited
by applicable law and in a manner which does not materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of Executives
duties and responsibilities hereunder.

1

2. Effective
Date; Term; Termination of Prior Agreements and Waiver of Severance.

(a) This
Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date.

(b) The
Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms set forth in this
Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date (such period
is the Initial Employment Period). This Initial Employment Period will be automatically renewed for additional consecutive
terms of one (1) year each (each, a Renewal Period and together with the Initial Employment Period, the Employment
Period) unless either Executive or the Company provide a written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to
the end of the Initial Employment Period or the then-current Renewal Period, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, a non-renewal
of this Agreement during the Initial Employment Period or any Renewal Period shall not constitute a termination by the Company without
Cause (defined below) or a termination by Executive for Good Reason (defined below). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 8 below.

3. Place
of Employment. Executives services may be performed primarily remotely, at Executives home or other suitable location
provided by Executive, but Executive will also be required to work at the Companys office locations from time to time, including
the Companys main office located at 254 W 31st St, New York, NY 10001. The parties further acknowledge, however, that Executive
may be required to travel in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder.

4. Compensation.
For all services to be rendered by Executive pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay Executive during the Employment
Period an annual base salary, less applicable taxes, including income tax, FICA and FUTA, and other appropriate deductions (the Base
Salary) at an annual rate of three hundred seventy five thousand dollars ($375,000). During the Employment Period, the Board
has the discretion to raise the Base Salary from time-to-time and shall reevaluate Executives Base Salary on at least an annual
basis. The Base Salary shall be paid in equal biweekly installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices.

5. Bonuses
and Incentive Compensation; Expenses.

(a) Signing
Bonus. Executive will receive from the Company a signing bonus in the amount of seventy five thousand ($75,000) within thirty (30) days
of the Effective Date.

(b) First
Anniversary Bonus. Executive will receive from the Company a guaranteed bonus of seventy five thousand ($75,000) within thirty (30) days
of the first anniversary of the Effective Date, provided that Executive was an employee in good standing at all times throughout such
period.

(c) Inducement
Grant. As further provided on Exhibit A, as soon as administratively practicable following the Effective Date,
as an inducement material to Executive entering into this Agreement, the Company (pursuant to approval of the Board) shall grant Executive
an award of stock options with respect to thirty seven thousand (37,000) shares of the Companys common stock (the Inducement
Grant) subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement with respect to the Inducement Grant.

2

(d) Annual
Bonus Eligibility. During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in any annual bonus and other incentive
compensation program that the Company may adopt from time to time for its executive officers. As of the Effective Date, Executive shall
be eligible to receive the incentive compensation set forth on Exhibit A.

(e) Clawback
Policy. To the extent that the Company is required pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act to develop and implement a policy (the Policy) providing for the recovery from Executive of any payment
of incentive based compensation (whether in cash or in equity) paid to Executive that was based upon erroneous data contained in an accounting
statement, this Agreement shall be deemed amended and the Policy incorporated herein by reference as of the date that the Company takes
all necessary corporate action to adopt the Policy, without requiring any further action of the Company or Executive, provided that any
such Policy shall only be binding on Executive if the same Policy applies to the Companys other executive officers.

(f) Expenses.
Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary travel, entertainment, and other expenses incurred by Executive
while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its executive officers) in the performance
of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided that Executive properly accounts for such expenses in accordance with
Company policies and procedures. Executive shall be responsible for any unreasonable or unnecessary expenses incurred in violation of
Company policies and procedures.

6. Other
Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to participate in all incentive, savings, retirement (401(k)),
and welfare benefit plans, health, medical, dental, vision, life (including accidental death and dismemberment) and disability insurance
plans (collectively, to the extent they exist, Benefit Plans), in substantially the same manner and at substantially
the same levels as the Company makes such opportunities available to the Companys executive officers, provided however, that the
Company may not reduce the benefits provided to Executive under these Benefits Plans without Executives written consent, unless
such reduction is required by law. Executive shall also be entitled to coverage under such directors and officers, error and omissions,
fiduciary liability and other similar insurance coverages, that the Company makes available to its directors and executives and shall
enter into its/their standard indemnification agreement with Executive.

7. Vacation.
The Company has an unlimited paid time off (PTO) policy. PTO shall be taken at such times as are mutually convenient
to Executive and the Company. PTO is not earned and does not accrue. Therefore, there will be no unused PTO to be paid upon termination
of employment.

3

8. Termination
of Employment.

(a) General.
The Employment Period and Executives employment hereunder shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) Executives
death, (ii) a termination by reason of Executives Disability, (iii) a termination by the Company with or without Cause,
(iv) a termination by Executive with or without Good Reason, or (v) the last day of the Employment Period. The parties agree
that, upon the termination of Executives employment (regardless of reason), Executive shall be deemed to have automatically resigned
from all applicable officer, director and other positions of any kind with the Company and any of their respective subsidiaries. In addition,
Executive shall promptly provide Company with at least two (2) months advance notice of such resignations in writing in a
form reasonably satisfactory to Company.

(b) Death.
If Executive dies during the Employment Period, this Agreement and Executives employment with the Company shall automatically
terminate. The Company shall pay Executives estate an amount equal to three (3) months of Executives Base Salary in
a lump sum payment (the Death Benefit) and following payment of the Death Benefit, the Company shall have no further
obligations to Executive or his heirs, administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter, except
for the obligation to pay to Executives heirs, administrators or executors (i) any earned but unpaid Base Salary up to and
through the date of termination (within fourteen (14) days following termination), (ii) any earned but unpaid Incentive Compensation
under the terms set forth in Section 5, (iii) any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection
with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company up to and through the date of termination, and
(iv) any benefits provided under the Companys employee benefit plans pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of such
plans through the date of termination (including, without limitation, any death benefit or disability benefit plans or programs) (collectively,
the Accrued Obligations). The Company shall deduct, from all payments made under this Section 8(b),
all applicable taxes, including income tax, FICA and FUTA, and other appropriate deductions.

(c) Disability.
In the event that during the Employment Period the Company determines that Executive is unable to perform his essential duties and responsibilities
hereunder to the full extent required by the Company by reason of a Disability (as defined below), this Agreement and Executives
employment with the Company shall terminate immediately upon notice to Executive, and the Company shall have no further obligations or
liability to Executive or his heirs, administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter, except
for the obligation to pay the Accrued Obligations. The Company shall deduct, from all payments made under this Section 8(c),
all applicable taxes, including income tax, FICA and FUTA, and other appropriate deductions. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability
shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents the performance by Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, of his
essential duties and responsibilities hereunder for sixty (60) consecutive days, or an aggregate of one hundred and twenty (120) days
during any twelve consecutive months, as determined consistent with applicable law, provided that the determination of Executives
physical or mental health and the date of the Disability shall be determined by a medical expert who will examine Executive as appointed
by the Company in its discretion. Executive hereby consents to such examination and consultation regarding Executives health and
ability to perform as aforesaid.

(d) By
the Company for Cause.

(i) At
any time during the Employment Period, the Company may terminate this Agreement and Executives employment hereunder for Cause.
Such termination shall be effective immediately upon notice to Executive, subject to the provisions of this Section 8(d)(i) and
Section 8(d)(iii). Cause as used in this Agreement (and with respect to any other arrangement (including,
without limitation, any equity award agreement, with the Company or its affiliates) shall mean: (a) the willful and continued failure
of Executive to perform his duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from Executives
death or Disability) or lawful directives of the Board related to Executives duties pursuant to this Agreement, after a written
demand by the Board for performance is delivered to Executive by the Company, which identifies with reasonable specificity the manner
in which the Board believes that Executive has not performed his duties and responsibilities, which willful and continued failure is
not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days of his receipt of such written demand; (b) the conviction of, or plea of guilty or
nolo contendere to a felony; (c) gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of Executives material
duties; (d) breach of Section 9 of this Agreement, (e) an intentional or grossly negligent breach of the Mutual
Non-Disclosure Agreement then in effect, the current form of which is annexed as Exhibit B (the NDA)
which results or could reasonably be expected to result in material harm to the Company or its subsidiaries; (f) a material
violation of Companys or its subsidiaries policies, which policies and procedures have previously been disclosed to Executive
in writing; or (g) a good faith finding by the Board that Executive has engaged in (A) (1) fraud, or (2) gross negligence,
in each case related to the Company, or (B) criminal misconduct which (1) constitutes a felony or a crime of moral turpitude
or (2) results or could reasonably be expected to result in harm to the Company.

4

(ii) Upon
termination of this Agreement for Cause, the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs, administrators
or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter, except for the obligation to pay Executive the Accrued Obligations.
The Company shall deduct, from all payments made hereunder, all applicable taxes, including income tax, FICA and FUTA, and other appropriate
deductions.

(iii) It
is expressly acknowledged and agreed that the decision as to whether Cause exists for termination of the employment relationship
by the Company is delegated to the Board for determination. However, the termination of Executives employment shall not be deemed
to be for Cause unless and until (A) there shall have been delivered to Executive a written notice specifying with
reasonable detail the basis for the proposed termination for Cause, and (B) if so requested by Executive in writing
within seven (7) days of such notice, Executive shall have been provided a reasonable opportunity to address a physical or telephonic
meeting of the Board with a quorum of at least two thirds (2/3rds) of the Boards members, and a majority of the Board at such
meeting shall have determined that the matter forming the basis for Cause is not curable or, if curable, was not cured
within the applicable cure period.

(e) By
Executive for Good Reason.

(i) At
any time during the Employment Period, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 8(e)(ii) below, Executive may
terminate this Agreement and Executives employment with the Company for Good Reason. Good Reason as used in this
Agreement shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) without Executives prior written consent, a material
diminution of the duties, authorities or responsibilities of Executive; (b) a material reduction in Executives Base Salary;
(c) the failure by the Company to pay all or any material portion of the Base Salary, any material bonus payable, or any material
benefits payable to Executive as required under this Agreement; (d) a change in Executives reporting relationship from that
described in Section 1(a); or (e) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of
this Agreement.

5

(ii) Executive
shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement for Good Reason unless and until he shall have delivered written notice to the Company
of his intention to terminate this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason, which notice must be provided within
sixty (60) days following the initial occurrence (or following Executives actual knowledge) of the grounds purporting to constitute
Good Reason, and which specifies in reasonable detail the circumstances claimed to provide the basis for such termination for Good Reason
pursuant to Section 8(e)(i) above, and the Company shall not have cured the circumstances constituting Good Reason within
thirty (30) days of its receipt from Executive of such written notice. The Company shall retain the discretion to terminate the Employment
Period at any time during the Good Reason notice period provided for in this Section 8(e)(ii).

(iii) In
the event that Executive terminates this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason or the Company terminates this
Agreement without Cause (each, a Qualifying Termination), the Company shall pay or provide to Executive (or, following
his death, to Executives heirs, administrators or executors):

(A) The
Accrued Obligations through the date the Employment Period is terminated.

(B) (y) An
amount of Base Salary (at the rate of Base Salary in effect immediately prior to Executives termination hereunder) equal to 100%
of Executives Base Salary as of the date of the Qualifying Termination (the Separation Payment). The Company
shall pay to Executive the Separation Payment in substantially equal installments pursuant to the Companys regular payroll practices
over a period of twelve months, commencing on the Companys next regular payroll date following the date the Release (referenced
in Section 8(i) below) becomes irrevocable and enforceable. The Company shall deduct, from all payments made under this
Section 8(e)(iii)(B), all applicable taxes, including income tax, FICA and FUTA, and other appropriate deductions.

(C) Subject
to Section 8(i) below, so long as Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and has not become actually covered by
the medical plan of a subsequent employer during any such month and otherwise remains eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage,
the Company will reimburse premiums paid by Executive with respect to COBRA continuation coverage for up to a maximum of twelve months
following the date of Qualifying Termination. After such period, Executive shall be responsible for paying the full cost for any additional
COBRA continuation coverage. If the Companys payment of the COBRA premiums on Executives behalf would violate the nondiscrimination
rules or cause the reimbursement of claims to be taxable under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, together
with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Act) or Section 95(h) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the Company paid premiums shall be treated as taxable
payments and be subject to imputed income tax treatment to the extent necessary to eliminate any discriminatory treatment or taxation
under the Act or Section 95(h) of the Code.

6

(f) By
Executive without Good Reason. At any time during the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement
and Executives employment with the Company without Good Reason by providing prior written notice to the Company of at least sixty
(60) calendar days; provided however that the Company shall maintain the discretion to terminate the Employment Period at any
time during the notice period set forth in this Section 8(f). Upon termination by Executive of this Agreement and Executives
employment with the Company without Good Reason, the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs,
administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter, except for the obligation to pay Executive the Accrued
Obligations. The Company shall deduct, from all payments made under this Section 8(f), all applicable taxes, including income
tax, FICA and FUTA, and other appropriate deductions.

(g) By
the Company without Cause. At any time during the Employment Period, the Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and
Executives employment with the Company without Cause upon written notice to Executive which shall set forth a date of termination.
Upon termination by the Company of this Agreement and Executives employment with the Company without Cause, the Company shall
pay or provide to Executive (or, following his death, to Executives heirs, administrators or executors) the amounts and benefits
due upon a resignation for Good Reason, as further described in Section 8(e)(iii), including the Separation Payment. The
Company shall deduct, from all payments made under this Section 8(g), all applicable taxes, including income tax, FICA and
FUTA, and other appropriate deductions.

(h) Upon
Expiration of the Employment Period. If Executives employment terminates upon the expiration of the Employment Period set
forth in Section 1, the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs, administrators
or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter, except for the obligation to pay Executive the Accrued Obligations.

(i) Release
of Claims. It is agreed that an express condition of the payment or provision by the Company of any severance amount or post-termination
benefit called for under Section 8(e)(iii) and Section 8(g) of this Agreement (other than the payment
of any Accrued Obligations) shall be subject to the Companys concurrent receipt of a general release of all claims in the form
substantially set forth on Exhibit C, which release must be effective, unrevoked and irrevocable prior to the ninetieth
(90th) day following the termination of Executives employment (the Release).

(j) Section 409A.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary:

(i) The
payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A)
to the greatest extent possible; if not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) are intended to comply with the requirements
of Section 409A. Any amounts payable solely on account of Executives involuntary separation from service within the meaning
of Section 409A shall be excludible from the requirements of Section 409A, either as involuntary separation pay (exempt from
the provisions of Section 409A under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)) or as short-term deferral amounts (as described in
Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)), to the maximum possible extent. Deferrals of compensation subject to the restrictions set forth
under Section 409A (hereinafter, Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation) may only be made to Executive pursuant
to this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A.

7

(ii) For
purposes of Section 409A, the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series
of separate payments.

(iii) All
taxable reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with Section 409A
including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during the period of time specified
in this Agreement, (ii) the amount of expenses available for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar
year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, in any other calendar year, (iii) the
reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense
is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

(iv) To
the extent required by Section 409A, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no payment of Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation will be provided to, or with respect to, Executive on account of his separation from service until the first to
occur of (A) the date of Executives death or (B) the date which is one day after the six (6) month anniversary
of his separation from service, but in either case only if he is a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder) in the year of his separation from service. Any payment that is delayed pursuant
to the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall instead be paid in a lump sum within thirty (30) days following the first
to occur of the two dates specified in such immediately preceding sentence. Furthermore, any payments scheduled to be paid under Sections 8(e)(iii) or
8(g) during the applicable ninety (90) day period pending the effectiveness of the Release referenced therein and in Section 8(i),
will be accumulated and paid, subject to the other provisions of this Section 8(j), on such ninetieth (90th) day
or earlier following the effectiveness of such Release.

(v) Any
payment of Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation made pursuant to a voluntary or involuntary termination of employment shall be withheld
until Executive incurs both (A) such a termination of employment and (B) a separation from service with the Company
and all of its affiliates, as such term is defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h).

(vi) To
the extent the Agreement provides that Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation can be paid or commenced during a certain period (e.g., sixty
(60) days) following a permissible payment or commencement event or trigger, the date of such payment or payment commencement shall be
determined by the Company in its sole discretion (and by disregarding any desire of Executive) and, if the payment or commencement period
exceeds ninety (90) days and spans two taxable years of Executive, then such Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation shall be paid and/or
commenced during the second of such taxable years.

8

(vii) The
preceding provisions of this section of the Agreement shall not be construed as a representation, covenant or guarantee by the Company
or by any officer, director or affiliate of the Company of any particular tax effect to Executive under this Agreement. Neither the Company
nor any of its officers, directors or affiliates shall be liable to Executive for any tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A
nor for reporting (or for failing to report) in good faith any payment made under this Agreement as an amount includible in gross income
under Section 409A. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or affiliates will have any liability to Executive or
any other party if a payment or benefit under this Agreement is challenged by any taxing authority or is ultimately determined not to
be exempt or compliant. Executive further understands and agrees that Executive will be entirely responsible for any and all taxes on
any benefits payable to Executive as a result of this Agreement. In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or
take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable and/or benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement, and such
amounts payable and/or benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement shall not be reduced because Executive obtains other employment,
becomes self-employed and/or receives remuneration and/or benefits from a third party after the date of termination except with respect
to COBRA continuation coverage as set forth in Section 8(e)(iii)(C) above.

9. Covenant
Not to Compete.

(a) Executive
recognizes that the services to be performed by him hereunder are special, unique and extraordinary. The parties confirm that it is reasonably
necessary for the protection of the Company that Executive agree, and accordingly, Executive does hereby agree, that, he shall not, directly
or indirectly, at any time during the Restricted Period within the Restricted Area engage in any Restricted
Business Activity (as those terms are defined in Sections 9(b), (c) and (d) below). In the
event of any inconsistencies between the terms of this Agreement and the NDA, this Agreement shall control.

(b) The
term Restricted Business Activity as used in this Section 9, means that Executive shall not, directly
or indirectly:

(i) provide
services, either on his own behalf or as an officer, director, partner, consultant, associate, employee, owner, agent, independent contractor,
or coventurer of any third party that sells products or services that are directly competitive in airports with the core products or
services sold by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Employment Period; or

(ii) solicit
any material commercial relationships of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than in the furtherance of the business of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Employment Period;

provided
however, that Restricted Business Activity shall not be construed to prevent and this Agreement shall not prevent Executive from (i) owning,
directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, an amount not exceeding two percent (2%) of the issued and outstanding voting securities of
any class of any company whose voting capital stock is traded or listed on a national securities
exchange or in the over-the-counter market; or (ii) soliciting any material commercial relationships of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries for the purpose of selling products or providing services that are not the same or substantially similar to the core products
or services sold by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Employment Period.

9

(c) The
term Restricted Period, as used in this Section 9, shall mean during the Employment Period and for six
(6) months after the date Executive is no longer employed by the Company.

(d) The
term Restricted Area as used in this Section 9 shall mean the United States of America and every country
outside the United States of America where the Company or any of its subsidiaries is directly or indirectly operating or Executive is
aware that the Company or any of its subsidiaries is planning to operate, is actively evaluating operating in such country in the future,
or is involved in any negotiations, discussions or other actions relating to such plans, including but not limited to submitting or responding
to a Request For Proposal (RFP); except for any country which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has abandoned
such plans or has ceased, without any reason (such as waiting for responses from third parties), to pursue such plans or to respond to
a RFP for a period exceeding sixty (60) days.

(e) If
any of the restrictions contained in this Section 9 shall be deemed to be unenforceable by reason of the extent, duration
or geographical scope thereof, or otherwise, then the court making such determination shall have the right to reduce, or authorize the
Company to reduce, such extent, duration, geographical scope, or other provisions hereof, and in its reduced form this Section shall
then be enforceable in the manner contemplated hereby.

(f) The
provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of Executives employment hereunder and until the end of
the Restricted Period.

10. Executives
Representations. Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement by Executive does not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument,
order, judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which Executive is bound, (ii) Executive is not a party to or bound
by any employment agreement, noncompete agreement, non-solicitation agreement, covenants agreement, or confidentiality agreement with
any other person or entity, (iii) Executive shall not use any confidential information or trade secrets of any third party in connection
with the performance of Executives duties hereunder and (iv) this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation
of Executive, enforceable against Executive in accordance with its terms. Executive hereby acknowledges and represents that Executive
has had the opportunity to consult with independent legal counsel regarding Executives rights and obligations under this Agreement
and that Executive fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein.

11. Dispute
Resolution.

(a) In
the event of a breach or anticipated breach of the Agreement by either Party, the non-breaching Party shall inform the breaching Party
by letter of the suspected or anticipated breach. The breaching Party shall have ten (10) days to cure said breach, if curable.
In the event the breach has not been cured within ten (10) days, if curable, then, except as otherwise provided in Section 13(a),
the non-breaching Party shall pursue a remedy or remedies through final and binding arbitration to which Sections 11(b) and
(c) below shall apply.

10

(b) Any
dispute arising between the Parties under this Agreement or concerning Executives employment or the termination of Executives
employment shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (AAA). Such
arbitration shall be conducted in New York, New York, and the arbitrator will apply New York law, including federal law as applied in
New York courts. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with AAA Employment Arbitration Rules as modified herein. The
arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator and the award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and
judgment on the award may be confirmed and entered in any state or federal court in the State and City of New York. The arbitration shall
be conducted on a strictly confidential basis, and the Parties shall not disclose the existence of a claim, the nature of a claim, any
documents, exhibits, or information exchanged or presented in connection with such a claim, or the result of any action (collectively,
Arbitration Materials) to any third party, with the sole exception of their respective legal counsel, who also shall
be bound by these confidentiality terms. Nothing herein shall prevent either Party from seeking or obtaining an injunction in aid of
arbitration, nor from confirming the award of the arbitrator in court.

(c) In
the event of any court proceeding, including a court proceeding to challenge or enforce an arbitrators award, the parties hereby
consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in New York, New York and agree to venue in that jurisdiction.
Each Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by delivering a copy thereof to such Party in accordance with the notice provisions of Section 13(h) below. The Parties
agree to take all steps necessary to protect the confidentiality of all confidential information, including the Arbitration Materials
(if applicable), in connection with any such proceeding, agree to file all confidential information under seal, and agree to the entry
of an appropriate protective order.

12. Defend
Trade Secrets Act of 2016 Notice. In accordance with the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA), nothing
in this Agreement is intended to interfere with or discourage Executives good faith disclosure of a trade secret or other confidential
information to any governmental entity related to a suspected violation of law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
the DTSA provides that Executive cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (a) if
Executive discloses a trade secret or other confidential information (i) in confidence (A) to any federal, state, or local
government official, either directly or indirectly, or (B) an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
a suspected violation of the law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing
is made under seal; and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Should Executive file a lawsuit for retaliation
for reporting a suspected violation of law, he may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and use the trade secret information in
the court proceeding, if Executive (y) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (z) does not disclose
the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

11

13. Miscellaneous.

(a) Executive
acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special, unique and extraordinary
character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Furthermore, the parties acknowledge that monetary damages
alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by Executive of this Agreement. Accordingly, Executive agrees that any breach or
threatened breach by him of this Agreement or the NDA shall entitle the Company, in addition to all other legal remedies available to
it, to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend
that each restriction agreed to by Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction,
that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability, in whole or in part, of any other restriction, and that
one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. In the event that any restriction
in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof, such
restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to,
and not in lieu of, any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity.

(b) Executive
may not assign or delegate any of his rights or duties under this Agreement without the express written consent of the Company. The Company
will require any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of
the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the Company
shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which executes and delivers
the agreement provided for in this subsection (b) or which otherwise becomes bound by all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement
by operation of law.

(c) This
Agreement, together with the NDA and any indemnification agreement, equity plan, stock option agreement, restricted stock unit agreement
or other stock-related agreement to which plaintiff is a party or otherwise subject to, constitutes and embodies the full and complete
understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to Executives employment by the Company, and supersedes all prior understandings
and agreements, whether oral or written, between Executive and the Company, and shall not be amended, modified or changed except by an
instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement
shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall
be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time.

(d) Executive
acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to be represented by separate independent counsel in the negotiation of this Agreement,
has consulted with his attorney of choice, or voluntarily chose not to do so, concerning the execution and meaning of this Agreement,
and has read this Agreement and fully understands the terms hereof, and is executing the same of his own free will. Executive warrants
and represents that he has had sufficient time to consider whether to enter into this Agreement and that he is relying solely on his
own judgment and the advice of his own counsel, if any, in deciding to execute this Agreement.

12

(e) This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and enforceable against, the parties hereto and their respective successors,
heirs, beneficiaries and permitted assigns including, any successor of the Company including a purchaser of all or substantially all
of Companys assets.

(f) 
If this Agreement or the Employment Period is terminated for any reason, the NDA, this Section 13 and Sections 8,
9, 11 and 12 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

(g) The
headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

(h) All
notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or
by reputable national overnight delivery service (e.g. FedEx) for overnight delivery to the party at the address set forth in the preamble
to this Agreement, or to such other address as either party may hereafter give the other party notice of in accordance with the provisions
hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third business day after deposited in the mail
or one business day after deposited with an overnight delivery service for overnight delivery.

(i) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without reference to principles
of conflicts of laws.

(j) This
Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

(k) Each
Party will pay its own costs and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank;

Signature
Page Follows]

13

[Signature Page to Executive Employment
Agreement]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first
above written.

COMPANY:

XWELL, INC.

By: /s/ Ezra Ernst

Name: Ezra Ernst

Title: CEO

EXECUTIVE:

/s/ Thomas Ian
Brown

THOMAS IAN BROWN

EXHIBIT A

INCENTIVE COMPENSATION

Bonus:

Executive will be eligible to earn an annual
bonus, the target amount of which shall be up to one hundred percent (100%) of Base Salary, based upon the achievement of performance
goals and metrics established by the Board at its sole discretion. Any bonus will be determined as soon as reasonably practicable after
the Companys annual financial statements are finalized (such date of determination, the Bonus Determination Date).

The bonus payment will be split 50/50 between
cash and a grant of restricted stock units with respect to the Companys common stock (the Bonus Stock Award).
The cash portion of the bonus will be paid in a lump sum as soon as reasonably practicable following the Bonus Determination Date. The
number of shares of Company common stock subject to the Bonus Stock Award will be computed by dividing (x) the value of the bonus
payment attributable to the Bonus Stock Award by (y) the closing market price of the Companys common stock on the Bonus Determination
Date. The Bonus Stock Award will be subject to vesting based on Executives continued service with the Company through the first
anniversary of the Bonus Determination Date, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Companys 2020 Equity Incentive
Plan, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time.

Payment of the bonus will be subject to Executives
continued employment through the date that the cash bonus is paid or the Bonus Stock Award is granted, as applicable.

Equity Awards:

As
provided in Section 5(c) of the Agreement, following the Effective Date, as an inducement material to Executive entering
into this Agreement, it will be recommended to the Board that Executive be granted stock options with respect to thirty-seven thousand
(37,000) shares of the Companys common stock (Options). Such Options shall vest in four quarterly installments
of 25.0%, such that the 25.0% of such Options will vest on the first, second, third and fourth quarters after the grant date, subject
to Executives continuous service with the Company through such dates.

All stock options will (i) have an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the grant date, consistent with the requirements for an exemption
from the application of Section 409A of the Code, (ii) have a 10-year term, and (iii) be subject to the terms and conditions
of the form of option agreement to be provided by the Company, including shortened exercise periods following a termination of service
as provided in the form of option agreement.

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF NDA

MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Mutual Non-Disclosure
Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of the last date on the signature page hereto (the Effective
Date), by and among XWELL, Inc (the Company) and ____________________ (individually a Party
and collectively the Parties). The Parties have entered this Agreement to disclose to one another certain information,
which the Parties consider to be confidential, for use by each Party.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties
agree as follows:

1. Confidential
Information. The term Confidential Information shall mean all materials, trade secrets or other information,
including, without limitation, proprietary information and materials regarding a Partys technology, products, business information
and objectives, financial information, forecasts, strategies, projections, licenses, agreements and analyses which the Disclosing Party
provides to the Receiving Party, whether or not marked, designated, or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary.
The term Confidential Information shall not include information that: (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other
than as a result of a disclosure by the Receiving Party in breach of this Agreement; (ii) was already known by the Receiving Party
or its Representatives (as hereinafter defined) prior to its receiving such information from the Disclosing Party; (iii) is received
by or available to the Receiving Party or its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Disclosing Party
that is not, to Receiving Partys knowledge, prohibited from disclosing such information; (iv) is independently developed
by the Receiving Party or its Representatives without reference to the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information; or (v) is
disclosed by the Disclosing Party to a third party without restriction.

2. Confidentiality.
The Receiving Party shall not at any time during the term of this Agreement (i) use the Confidential Information for any purpose
other than for the purposes of evaluating, discussing and/or negotiating a potential business relationship between the Parties and/or
their affiliates or (ii) disclose the Confidential Information to any third party, except:

a. with the prior written consent of the
Disclosing Party;

b. to any governmental or regulatory body
having jurisdiction and specifically requiring such disclosure; provided however, that the
Receiving Party provides reasonable advanced notice to the Disclosing Party (where permissible)
and makes reasonable efforts to provide for the confidentiality of the disclosure;

c. in response to a valid subpoena, discovery
request, or as otherwise may be required by law, regulation or court order, subject (where
permissible) to a protective order; provided however, to the extent permissible and commercially
reasonable, that any production under a protective order would be protected under an Outside
Attorneys Eyes Only or higher confidentiality designation; provided further that if
the Disclosing Party files a motion seeking a protective order from a court against the disclosure
of such documents or other information to a third party, and provides notice to the Receiving
Party of such motion, the Receiving Party shall refrain from disclosing the subject documents
and information pending an order from the court, unless it is otherwise required by the court
to do so;

Exhibit B Page 1

d. in connection with the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any other reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any stock exchange rule, or any other
filings, reports or disclosures that may be required under applicable law, regulations or
rules; or

e. to the Receiving Partys affiliates
and its and their respective directors, officers, members, managers, employees, accountants,
legal counsel, auditors, tax advisors, indemnitors, and other financial, legal and other
professional advisors (collectively, Representatives), subject to obligations
of confidentiality and/or privilege at least as stringent as those contained herein.

3. No
Further Business Obligations. The Parties agree that neither Party shall be under any legal obligation of any kind whatsoever,
or otherwise be obligated to enter any business or contractual relationship, investment, or transaction, by virtue of this Agreement,
except for the matters specifically agreed to herein. Either Party may, at any time, at its sole discretion with or without cause, terminate
discussions and negotiations with the other Party.

4. Securities
Compliance. The Parties hereby acknowledge that the Confidential Information it receives pursuant to this Agreement may constitute
material non-public information within the meaning of Regulation FD (Regulation FD) promulgated by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Parties hereby acknowledge that they are aware and that they will advise their representatives
that the federal and state securities laws, including Regulation FD, may restrict any person who has material, non- public information
about a company from purchasing or selling securities of such company (including entering into hedge transactions involving such securities)
or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person
is likely to purchase or sell such securities.

5. Term.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until the earlier of (i) one (1) year
from the Effective Date or (ii) a definitive agreement is entered into between the parties hereto which governs the treatment of
the Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of termination/expiration pursuant to clause (i) hereof,
with respect to any and all trade secrets of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Partys confidentiality obligations shall survive
the expiration or termination of this Agreement for as long as such Confidential Information qualifies as a trade secret under applicable
federal, state and/or local law.

6. 
No Representations or Warranties. The Disclosing Party makes no representation or warranty, express
or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Confidential Information disclosed to the Receiving Party under this Agreement.
The Disclosing Party or its representatives shall not be liable to the Receiving Party or its representatives relating to or resulting
from the Receiving Partys use of any of the Information or any errors therein or omissions therefrom.

Exhibit B Page 2

7. 
Equitable Remedies. In the event of any actual or threatened breach by the Receiving Party of this Agreement, the Disclosing
Party will be entitled to seek immediate injunctive and other equitable relief.

8. 
Return of Information. The Receiving Party will return or destroy all tangible material embodying Confidential Information
at any such time as the Disclosing Party may so request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receiving Party (x) shall not be obligated
to delete copies of emails or instant messages located on back-up tapes and similar storage mediums containing Confidential Information,
(y) may retain copies of Confidential Information (i) to the extent required by the laws, rules and regulations of any
governmental agency or self-regulatory organization to which the Receiving Party (or its affiliates) are subject, including without limitation,
FINRA and the Securities and Exchange Commission, and/or (ii) in accordance with Receiving Partys established internal compliance
or document retention policies, and (z) may keep notes of what Confidential Information was provided for the sole purpose of any
dispute that may arise under this Agreement; provided, however, that any Confidential Information retained and/or disclosed shall be
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

9. 
Notice. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be
in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when
sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending
party); or (iii) one (1) business day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in
each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be
as set forth on the signature page hereto, or to such other address and/or facsimile number /or to the attention of such other Person
as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such
change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically
or electronically generated by the senders facsimile machine containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number and an image
of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal
service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above,
respectively.

10. Choice
of Law and Forum. This Agreement is made under, and shall be construed according to, the laws of the State of New York without regard
to its conflicts of laws principles. Each party irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and/or local courts
located in the State of New York, County of New York in connection with any action regarding this Agreement.

11. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter
contained herein and terminates and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous representations, promises, warranties, covenants, undertakings,
discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether written or oral, other than those expressly contained in this Agreement.

Exhibit B Page 3

12. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e- mail which contains a
portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation
of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were
an original thereof. A facsimile or electronic copy of an executed counterpart shall be valid and have the same force and effect as an
original.

13. Changes
to the Agreement. This Agreement cannot be changed or terminated orally, and none of the terms hereof shall be deemed to be
waived or modified except by an express agreement in writing signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to
be enforced. Neither party shall assign or transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement (including by operation of law) without
the prior written consent of the other party. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any clause or provision shall be
held invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining terms and provisions shall be unimpaired and the unenforceable term
or provision shall be replaced by such enforceable term or provision as comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable term
or provision.

Exhibit B Page 4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.

XWELL, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

254 West 31st Street, 11th Floor

New York, NY 10001

Date: 

Name of Individual: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Telephone: 

Facsimile: 

E-Mail: 

Date: 

B-1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF SEPARATION AGREEMENT RELEASE1

1. Termination
of Employment. My employment with XWELL, Inc. (the Company) terminated effective as of ________________________.

2. Consideration.
I understand that in consideration for my execution of this Release (the Release), and my fulfillment of the promises
made in the Employment Agreement between Company and me dated as of ___________, 2024 (the Employment Agreement),
the Company agrees to provide me with the compensation and benefits set forth in the Employment Agreement.

3. Conditions
Applying to Payment of Benefits. I understand and agree that the compensation and benefits payable to me pursuant to Section 2
above are subject to my compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Separation Agreement and the Employment Agreement.

4. General
Release of Claims. I hereby voluntarily release Company, and its subsidiaries, partners, affiliates, owners, agents, officers, directors,
employees, successors and assigns, and all related persons, individually and in their official capacities (hereinafter collectively referred
to as the Released Parties), of and from any and all claims, known and unknown, relating to my employment or cessation
of employment that I, my heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, have or may have as of the date of execution of this
Release, including, but not limited to, any alleged violation of any of (a)The National Labor Relations Act; Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964; Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code; Civil Rights Act of 1991; The Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA); The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; The Americans with Disabilities Act of
1990; The Fair Credit Reporting Act; The Fair Labor Standards Act; The Occupational Safety and Health Act; The Family and Medical Leave
Act of 1993; Executive Order 11246; The New York Equal Pay Law; The New York Human Rights Law; The New York Civil Rights Law; The New
York State Wage and Hour Laws; The New York Labor Law, The New York Executive Law, The New York Occupational Safety and Health Laws,
The New York City Administrative Code, The New York City Human Rights Law, and the New York City Earned Safe and Sick Time Act; including
any amendment, consolidation or re-enactment of any of the foregoing, or (b) any other federal, state or local civil or human rights
law or any other local, state or federal law, regulation or ordinance; (c) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law; or
(d) any claims for vacation, sick or personal leave, pay or payment pursuant to any practice, policy, handbook, or manual of Company;
or any allegation for costs, fees or other expenses including attorneys fees and experts fees incurred in these matters.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the release set forth in this Section 4 shall not apply to any vested employee benefits accrued
by me prior to the effective date of this Release under any compensation or benefit plans, programs and arrangements maintained by Company
for the benefit of its employees and subject to ERISA.

1 The Company reserves the right to
modify this Release to the extent that the Company reasonably determines necessary or advisable to help ensure that this Release is enforceable
to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law and to reflect the applicable circumstances and payments.

C-1

5. No
Existing Claims. I confirm that no claim, charge, or complaint against the Released Parties exists before any federal, state, or
local court or administrative agency.

6. No
Participation In Claims. I understand that if this Release were not signed, I would have the right to voluntarily assist other
individuals in bringing claims against the Released Parties. I hereby waive that right and shall not provide any such assistance other
than assistance in an investigation or proceeding conducted by an agency of the United States government.

7. Non-admission
of Wrongdoing. I agree that neither this Release nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Release shall be deemed or construed
at any time for any purpose as an admission by the Released Parties of any liability or unlawful conduct of any kind.

8. Other
Covenants.

(a) I
shall abide by the provisions of the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated _____________ (the NDA) the terms of
which shall survive the signing of this Release. The term Termination Date as that term is used in the NDA shall be the
date of this Release. Further, I agree that I will abide by any and all common law and/or statutory obligations relating to protection
and non-disclosure of the Companys trade secrets and/or confidential and proprietary documents and information.

(b) I
agree that all non-public information relating in any way to this Release, including the terms and amount of financial consideration
provided for in this Release, shall be held confidential by me and shall not be publicized or disclosed to any person (other than an
immediate family member, legal counsel or financial advisor, provided that any such individual to whom disclosure is made agrees to be
bound by these confidentiality obligations), business entity or government agency (except as mandated by state or federal law), except
that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit me from participating in an investigation with a state or federal agency if requested by
the agency to do so;

(c) I
will not make any statements that are professionally or personally disparaging about, or adverse to, the interests of the Released Parties
including, but not limited to, any statements that disparage any person, service, finances, financial condition, capability or any other
aspect of the business of the Company, and that I will not engage in any conduct which could reasonably be expected to harm professionally
or personally the reputation of the Released Parties; and

(d) After
the Separation Date, I will make myself reasonably available and cooperate with reasonable requests from the Company to help with
requests for information concerning any business or legal matters (including, without limitation, testimony in any litigation matters)
involving facts or events relating to the Company that may be within my knowledge.

9. Breach
of Agreement. I agree that if I breach any of the promises set forth in this Release or if I challenge this Release, Company shall
have the right to terminate the benefits payable under the Employment Agreement and to require me to return all monies paid by Company
in consideration for my signing this Release.

C-2

10. Governing
Law and Interpretation. This Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
regard to its conflict of laws provisions. If any portion of this Release is declared to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
in any action in which I participate or join, I agree that all consideration paid to me under the Employment Agreement shall be
offset against any monies that I may receive in connection with any such action.

11. Entire
Agreement. I acknowledge that I have not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to me in connection
with my decision to sign this Release, except for those set forth in the Employment Agreement.

12. Amendment.
This Release may not be amended except by a written agreement signed by both parties which specifically refers to this Release.

13. Right
to Revoke. I understand that I have the right to revoke this Release at any time during the seven (7) day period following the
date on which I first sign the Release. If I want to revoke, I must make a revocation in writing which states: I hereby revoke
my Release. This written revocation must be received by [ ] of the Company before the end of the seven-day revocation period;
otherwise, such revocation shall not be effective.

14. Waiver
of Claims.

(a) In
consideration of the terms of this Release and the monies paid by the Company, as described in Paragraph 1 of this Release (which I agree
constitute consideration in addition to anything of value to which I am already entitled), I agree that this Release constitutes
a knowing and voluntary waiver of all waivable rights or claims I may have against the Released Parties, or any of them, including, but
not limited to, all rights or claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA),
including, but not limited to, all claims of age discrimination in employment and all claims of retaliation in violation of the ADEA.

(b) I
understand that, by entering into this Release, I do not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date this Release is executed.

(c) 
I understand that this Release will not affect the rights and responsibilities of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
(EEOC) to enforce the ADEA, and further understand that this Release will not be used to justify interfering with
my protected right to file a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, the National Labor Relations
Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or any similar federal, state, or local
agency. I knowingly and voluntarily waive all rights or claims (that arose prior to my execution of this Release) that I may have against
the Released Parties, or any of them, to receive any benefit or remedial relief (including, but not limited to, reinstatement, back pay,
front pay, damages, and attorneys and experts fees) as a consequence of any charge or compliant filed with the EEOC or
any other agency, and of any litigation concerning any facts alleged in any such charge or complaint.

15. Effective
Date. This Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the expiration of the 7-day revocation period described in Section 13
above.

C-3

I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY.

I UNDERSTAND THAT BY SIGNING THIS RELEASE, I
SHALL BE GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS, AND SHALL BE WAIVING MY RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL LAW TO BRING ANY CLAIMS THAT I HAVE
OR MIGHT HAVE AGAINST THE RELEASED PARTIES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACTS, STATUTES, CODES, ORDINANCES, RULES AND LAWS SET FORTH
IN THIS RELEASE, AND ANY OTHER CONSTITUTIONAL, STATUTORY COMMON LAW RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES.

I UNDERSTAND THAT MY RIGHT TO RECEIVE SEPARATION
PAYMENTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 OF THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RELEASE AND
THAT I WOULD NOT RECEIVE SUCH BENEFITS BUT FOR MY EXECUTION OF THIS RELEASE.

I HAVE BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING TO CONSULT WITH
AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE. I HAVE HAD A REASONABLE OPPORTUNITY TO RETAIN AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING
THIS RELEASE AND HAVE DONE SO.

I ALSO HAVE BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING BY COMPANY
THAT I HAVE TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS TO CONSIDER THIS RELEASE. I AGREE THAT ANY MODIFICATIONS, MATERIAL OR OTHERWISE, MADE TO THIS SEPARATION
AGREEMENT DO NOT RESTART OR AFFECT IN ANY MANNER THE ORIGINAL TWENTY-ONE (21) DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD.

I AGREE TO EVERYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS RELEASE
AND AM SIGNING THIS RELEASE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND FREE OF ANY DURESS.

C-4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this
Release as of the date set forth below.

THOMAS
IAN BROWN

Date: 

C-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm251904d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

XWELL Announces Senior Leadership
Appointments and Changes

Ian
Brown Appointed XWELLs CFO Succeeding Suzanne Scrabis

Peter
Vermeulen Joins XWELL as its New Head of Human Resources

Mike
Heronime Joins XWELL as its New Marketing Director

NEW YORK, January 7, 2025 -- XWELL, Inc. (Nasdaq:
XWEL) ("XWELL" or the "Company"), an authority in wellness solutions for people on the go, today announced new senior
leadership appointments to support the Companys strategic growth and business objectives. Ian Brown joined the Company as its new
Chief Financial Officer on January 6, 2025, succeeding Suzanne Scrabis, whose separation is effective as of January 8, 2025. Mr. Brown
has deep financial expertise and a proven track record in operational excellence, business operations and mergers and acquisitions.

XWELL announced that in connection with Mr. Browns
employment with the Company and as material inducement into entering into an employment agreement with the Company, pursuant to NASDAQ
Listing Rule 5635(c)(4), Mr. Brown will be granted stock options to purchase up to 37,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant, which shall be the closing price on January 6, 2025. The stock options will vest
in four quarterly installments of 25% each on the first, second, third and fourth quarters after the grant date, subject to Mr. Browns
continued employment with the Company on the appliable vesting dates.

Additionally, the Company announced the appointments
of Peter Vermeulen as its new head of Human Resources and Mike Heronime as its new Marketing Director. In alignment with the Companys
strategy to remain agile while working toward profitability, both Mr. Vermeulen and Mr. Heronime are joining XWELL on a fractional basis.

We are thrilled to accelerate XWELLs
next phase of growth with the announcement of these new senior leadership appointments, said XWELL CEO Ezra Ernst. These
extremely talented leaders bring a compelling combination of expertise and experience that we believe will help support plans to unify
XWELL's brands, enhance our company culture, and drive improvements in our financial and operational performance. Im excited to
collaborate with my new colleagues on XWELLs journey to drive growth and liberate wellness.

Mr. Ernst added, "I also want to sincerely
thank Suzanne for her contributions as CFO during an important period of strategic transformation at XWELL. We wish her continued
success in future endeavors.

Senior Leadership Backgrounds 

Ian Brown has more than 25 years of experience
in operational finance. He has expertise in systems transformation, financial operations, and back-office process improvement. He
recently was a Managing Director of the Strategic FP&A Group at Accordion. Prior to that role, he served at FTI Consulting in their
Technology Transformation group. Prior, he was Senior Director Business Planning, Customer Operations at Charter Communications, and a
Director of Operational Finance for Insight Communications. Before this, Ian was the CFO of two early-stage companies, was a colleague
of Ezra Ernst at Wolters Kluwer, and also worked in media investment banking. He holds an M.B.A from The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth
and a B.A. from Vassar College.

Peter Vermeulen brings over 25 years of global
HR experience, including senior roles at TeleSign, Amazon, and Johnson & Johnson. At TeleSign, he served as Chief People Officer,
leading the companys cultural transformation during a period of steep growth and international expansion. At Amazon, he led HR
for global customer service teams, and at Johnson & Johnson, he held key leadership roles in talent management and supply chain HR.
A dual citizen of Belgium and the U.S., Peter holds advanced degrees in Business Economics and European Studies and is a Certified Global
Professional in Human Resources (GPHR) and a Certified Executive Coach. 

Mike Heronime has more than 25 years of strategic
marketing experience. As President and Executive Director of Creative Solutions for Positive Brand, Mike has helped companies and organizations
large and small from Fortune 500 companies and non-profit organizations to startups grow their revenue through insight-based, integrated
strategic and creative marketing solutions. Prior to joining Positive Brand in 2004, Mike served as Chief Creative Officer for RKD Group,
as a Creative Director for Tribal DDB and as a Creative Director for Bozell. He has a B.S. from University of North Texas.

About XWELL, Inc. 

XWELL, Inc. (Nasdaq: XWEL) is a leading global
wellness holding company operating multiple brands: XpresSpa, Treat, Naples Wax Center, XpresCheck and HyperPointe.

XpresSpa is a leading retailer of wellness services and related products.

Naples Wax Center is a group of upscale skin care boutiques.

XpresCheck, in partnership with the CDC and Ginkgo Biosecurity, conducts biosurveillance monitoring in
its airport locations to identify new SARS-CoV-2 variants of interest and concern as well as other pathogens entering the country from
across the world.

HyperPointe is a leading digital healthcare and data analytics relationship company serving the global
healthcare industry.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain "forward-looking"
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise
include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "projects," "intends,"
"should," "seeks," "future," "continue," or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology.
Forward-looking statements relating to expectations about future results or events are based upon information available to XWELL as of
the date of this press release, and are not guarantees of the future performance of the Company, and actual results may vary materially
from the results and expectations discussed. Additional information concerning these and other risks is contained in the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other Securities and
Exchange Commission filings. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning XWELL, or other matters and attributable
to XWELL or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. XWELL does not
undertake any obligation to publicly update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise
after the date hereof.

Media

Maria Kucinski

MWW

mkucinski@mww.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm251904d1_ex10-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>xspa-20250102.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>xspa-20250102_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>xspa-20250102_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34785

Entity Registrant Name XWELL,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001410428

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-4988129

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 254 West 31st Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 11th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 750-9595

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol XWEL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://vringo.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm251904d1_8k.htm 
xspa-20250102.xsd 
xspa-20250102_lab.xml 
xspa-20250102_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001576-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm251904d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001410428 

2025-01-02 
2025-01-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001410428 
8-K 
2025-01-02 
XWELL, Inc. 
DE 
001-34785 
20-4988129 
254 West 31st Street 
11th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10001 
212 
750-9595 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
XWEL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>