<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-023298.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-023298.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312172531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-023298
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fold Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001889123
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				862170416
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41168
		FILM NUMBER:		25732841

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH ST., ,SUITE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-701-9555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH ST., ,SUITE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Emerald ESG Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234072-8k_foldhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188912300018891232025-03-062025-03-060001889123fldd:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-062025-03-060001889123fldd:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-062025-03-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
March 6, 2025

Fold Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-41168 86-2170416

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

11201 North Tatum Blvd., Suite 300, Unit 42035

Phoenix, Arizona 85028

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(866) 365-3277

Registrants telephone number, including
area code

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share FLD Nasdaq Capital Market

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share FLDDW Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Convertible Note

As previously announced,
on March 6, 2025, Fold Holdings, Inc. (the Company or Fold) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the
Securities Purchase Agreement) with SATS Credit Fund LP (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company issued
to the Investor a convertible note (the Note) in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $46.3 million, which is
convertible into up to an aggregate of approximately 3.7 million shares (the Conversion Shares) of the Companys common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), at a conversion price of $12.50 per share (the Conversion Price).
The Note will mature on March 6, 2030 or such later date as shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Note (such date, the
Maturity Date).

Pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement, the Investor contributed to Fold an aggregate of 500 bitcoin (the Subject Bitcoin), which
will serve as collateral and the Investors sole recourse in respect of the Note. The Subject Bitcoin will be subject until released
to Fold or returned to the Investor on the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms of the Note. Fold has agreed to hold the Subject
Bitcoin in its treasury and may not use it for operational or any other purposes unless and until released to Fold upon conversion of
the Notes principal into Conversion Shares. Any Subject Bitcoin that is not released to Fold on or prior to the Maturity Date in
connection with the issuance of Conversion Shares will be repaid to the Investor on the Maturity Date as payment of the principal outstanding
under the Note.

In exchange for
the Subject Bitcoin, Fold paid to the Investor consideration consisting of (i) the Note, which will accrue interest at a rate of 7.0%
per annum, payable quarterly in shares of Common Stock valued at $12.50 per share, (ii) a warrant (the Warrant) to acquire
up to an aggregate of 925,590 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) at a price of $15.00 per share, (iii) an aggregate
of 750,000 shares of Common Stock (the Closing Shares and, together with the Note, the Conversion Shares, the Warrant and
the Warrant Shares, the Securities), and, (iv) in lieu of the first twelve-months of interest payments in respect of the
Note, an aggregate of 25 bitcoin (the Bitcoin Consideration). All amounts payable by Fold pursuant to the Note will be made
by issuing shares of Common Stock or repaying principal with bitcoin. No cash payments by Fold are contemplated under the Note.

The Subject Bitcoin
may be released to Fold upon (i) the Investors election to convert all or a portion of the Note into Conversion Shares at the Conversion
Price or (ii) the achievement of certain share trading performance milestones specified in the Note (described below), which will trigger
the automatic conversion of portions of the Subject Bitcoin at the Conversion Price, with the full amount of the Subject Bitcoin being
automatically released to Fold in exchange for Conversion Shares in the event that the Subject Share Price (as defined below) is
greater than or equal to $40.00.

Conversion of
the Note

The Note is convertible
into shares of Common Stock at any time after March 6, 2025 and on or prior to the Maturity Date (the Term) at a price per
share equal to the Conversion Price (i) at the Investors election, on one or more occasions, or (ii) automatically, if during the
Term the closing price of one share of Common Stock exceeds certain thresholds, as described below, for a period of at least 20 days out
of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date of determination (the Subject Share Price).
Upon conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of the Note, a proportionate amount of the Subject Bitcoin will be released
to Fold free and clear of restrictions, determined by dividing the amount of principal converted by $92,559 (the Bitcoin Reference
Price), which represents the 30 day volume weighted average price of bitcoin as of the agreed time on the day prior to the execution
of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

The Note will automatically
convert into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price as follows, in each case to the extent not already converted:

(i) approximately $4.6 million principal amount (approximately 370,000 shares of Common Stock) if the Subject
Share Price is greater than or equal to $15.00;

(ii) approximately $4.6 million principal amount (approximately 370,000 shares of Common Stock) if the Subject
Share Price is greater than or equal to $20.00;

(iii) approximately $4.6 million principal amount (approximately 740,000 shares of Common Stock) if the Subject
Share Price is greater than or equal to $25.00;

(iv) approximately $9.3 million principal amount (approximately 740,000 shares of Common Stock) if the Subject
Share Price is greater than or equal to $30.00;

(v) approximately $9.3 million principal amount (approximately 740,000 shares of Common Stock) if the Subject
Share Price is greater than or equal to $35.00; and

(vi) approximately $9.3 million principal amount (approximately 740,000 shares of Common Stock) if the Subject
Share Price is greater than or equal to $40.00.

1

If any of the Subject
Share Price thresholds described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (vi) are not achieved during the Term, and the Investor does not
elect to convert all or a portion of the Note into Conversion Shares, the Company will be required on the Maturity Date to repay the outstanding
principal under the Note by transferring to the Investor a number of bitcoin equal to the outstanding principal divided by the Bitcoin
Reference Price.

Other Terms
of the Note

The Note contains
certain customary events of default provisions, including failure to maintain the listing of the Common Stock, insolvency, bankruptcy,
liquidation and failure to pay interest and other payments due under the Note. Upon an event of default, the Investor has the option to
require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Note by delivering written notice to the Company indicating the portion of the
Note that the Investor is electing to redeem. Each portion of the Note subject to redemption by the Company shall be redeemed by the Company
by returning to the Investor the amount of Subject Bitcoin that has not previously been released to the Company in connection with the
conversion of principal into shares of Common Stock under the terms of the Note.

Warrant

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, on March 11, 2025, the Company issued to the Investor a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate
of 925,590 Warrant Shares at a price of $15.00 per share. The Warrant became immediately exercisable following issuance and will expire
on March 12, 2030. The exercise price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant is subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, pro rata distributions, combinations, or similar events affecting the Common
Stock and the exercise price.

Registration
Rights Agreement

Pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Investor entered into a registration rights agreement, dated as of March 12,
2025 (the Registration Rights Agreement), whereby the Company agreed to provide certain customary shelf and piggyback registration
rights with respect to the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable state securities laws.

Related Parties

The Securities Purchase
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby was approved by the audit committee and the board of directors of the Company specifically
in light of certain related party components thereof, including that the Investor is a private investment fund raised and managed by Ten31,
LLC, which is an affiliate of Folds chairman, Jonathan Kirkwood. Dr. Kirkwood recused himself from the board of directors
approval of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

The foregoing summaries
of the Note, Securities Purchase Agreement, Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to
the full text of each of the Note, Securities Purchase Agreement, Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are attached
hereto as Exhibit 4.1, Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2 and Exhibit 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition
of Assets.

The applicable information
set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to Folds acquisition of the Subject Bitcoin above is incorporated
by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The applicable information
set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Note above is incorporated
by reference into this Item 2.03.

2

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The Company is offering and selling the
Securities, including the shares of Common Stock issuable as quarterly interest payments in respect of the Note, will be made in reliance
upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Neither the issuance of the Securities, nor the
shares of Common Stock issuable as quarterly interest payments in respect of the Note have been registered under the Securities Act and
such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities
Act and any applicable state securities laws.

The applicable information set forth in
Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

This Current Report
on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Convertible Note, dated March 6, 2025

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and the Investor, dated March 6, 2025

10.2 Warrant, dated March 12, 2025

10.3 Registration
Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the Investor, dated March 12, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished
to the SEC upon request. Certain information contained in this Exhibit has been excluded pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation
S-K because it is both not material and is the type of information that the Company treats as private or confidential.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Fold Holdings, Inc.

Date: March 12,
2025 By: /s/ Will Reeves

Name: Will Reeves

Title: Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023407201ex4-1_foldhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE NOTE, DATED MARCH 6, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. THE PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH
ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE.

Fold
Holdings, Inc.

Convertible
Note

Issuance Date: March 6, 2025 Original Principal Amount: U.S. $46,279,500.00

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Fold Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to SATS Credit Fund LP or its registered
assigns (Holder) the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof
pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, or upon
acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest)
on any outstanding Principal at a rate of seven percent (7.0%) per annum (the Interest Rate) from the date set forth
above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity
Date or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Convertible Note
(this Note) is issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Subscription
Date), by and between the Company and the Holder, as amended from time to time. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined
in Section 20.

1. PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall (a) transfer or cause to be transferred to the Holder the balance as of the
Maturity Date of any Bitcoin Collateral not previously released to the Company upon conversion of Principal pursuant to Section 3, which
shall be in satisfaction of all outstanding Principal, and (b) pay an amount in shares of Common Stock representing all accrued and unpaid
Interest on such Principal.

2. INTEREST;
INTEREST RATE.

(a) Interest
on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of
calendar days in any such calendar month and shall be payable in arrears for on the first Trading Day of each fiscal quarter (each, an
Interest Date). Interest shall be calculated by multiplying the Interest Rate by the then-outstanding Principal.
The Company and the Holder acknowledge and agree that the Bitcoin Consideration (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) paid
to the Holder by the Company pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement shall constitute full payment of all Interest for the first
four fiscal quarters following the Issuance Date. Beginning on April 1, 2026 (the Initial Interest Share Payment Date),
Interest shall be payable on each Interest Date to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, in shares of Common
Stock (Interest Shares). The Interest to be paid on an Interest Date shall be paid in a number of validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable shares (rounded up to the nearest whole share) of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (1) the amount of
Interest payable on such Interest Date and (2) the Conversion Price in effect on the applicable Interest Date.

(b) Beginning
with the Initial Interest Share Payment Date and on each subsequent Interest Date, the Company shall promptly issue the applicable number
of Interest Shares to the Holder and cause such Interest Shares to be registered in book-entry form in the name of the Holder on the Companys
share register (which book-entry records shall contain an appropriate notation concerning transfer restrictions of the Interest Shares,
in accordance with applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other applicable jurisdictions), and will provide
to the Holder evidence of such issuance from the Companys transfer agent.

3. CONVERSION
OF NOTE. At any time after the Issuance Date and on or prior to the Maturity Date, this Note shall be convertible into validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) Optional
Conversion. At any time after the Issuance Date and on or prior to the Maturity Date, the Holder shall be entitled, on one or more
occasions, to convert all or a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Principal into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(d), at the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common
Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round
such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share.

(b) Automatic
Conversion. Following the Issuance Date and on or prior to the Maturity Date, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued to the
Holder the following shares of Common Stock, as applicable (which shall be equitably adjusted for stock splits, reverse stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, reclassifications, combinations, exchanges of shares or any other like change or
transaction with respect to Common Stock occurring after the Issuance Date), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Note (each such date of issuance, an Automatic Conversion Date):

2

(i) upon
the occurrence of Triggering Event I, a number of shares equal to $4,627,950.00 (or such lesser Principal that is then-outstanding under
this Note) divided by the Conversion Price;

(ii) upon
the occurrence of Triggering Event II, a number of shares equal to $4,627,950.00 (or such lesser Principal that is then-outstanding under
this Note) divided by the Conversion Price;

(iii) upon
the occurrence of Triggering Event III, a number of shares equal to $9,255,900.00 (or such lesser Principal that is then-outstanding under
this Note) divided by the Conversion Price;

(iv) upon
the occurrence of Triggering Event IV, a number of shares equal to $9,255,900.00 (or such lesser Principal that is then-outstanding under
this Note) divided by the Conversion Price;

(v) upon
the occurrence of Triggering Event V, a number of shares equal to $9,255,900.00 (or such lesser Principal that is then-outstanding under
this Note) divided by the Conversion Price; and

(vi) upon
the occurrence of Triggering Event VI, a number of shares equal to $9,255,900.00 (or such lesser Principal that is then-outstanding under
this Note) divided by the Conversion Price.

(c) For
the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall issue to the Holder, and the Holder shall be entitled to receive, shares of Common Stock upon
the occurrence of each Triggering Event; provided, however, that each Triggering Event shall only occur once, if at all, and in no event
shall the Company be obligated to issue, nor the Holder entitled to receive, more than the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Principal outstanding under this Note in accordance with this Section 3.

(d) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) The
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Principal pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) shall be determined
by dividing (x) the amount of Principal subject to conversion by (y) the Conversion Price.

(ii) To
convert any Principal into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall deliver (whether
via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of
conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (each, an Optional Conversion Notice) to the Company.
On each Automatic Conversion Date, the Company will deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59
p.m., New York time, on such date, an executed notice of conversion (each, an Automatic Conversion Notice and each
Automatic Conversion Notice and Optional Conversion Notice, a Conversion Notice).

3

(iii) On
the Conversion Date, in exchange for the issuance of shares of Common Stock underlying this Note, the Company and the Holder shall cause
the custodian of the Bitcoin Collateral to release to the Company, free and clear of all liens, a number of Bitcoin equal to (x) the aggregate
Principal subject to such conversion divided by (y) the Bitcoin Reference Price. The aggregate Principal outstanding under this Note shall
be reduced by the amount of Principal so converted, concurrent with the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection with such conversion.

(iv) The
Company shall pay any and all reasonable transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the transfer agent (as defined below)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock
upon conversion of any Principal.

(e) The
Company shall in all cases use its reasonable best efforts to comply with the delivery requirements set forth herein and shall do all
things and take all actions reasonably requested by the Holder in furtherance thereof.

(f) The
Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the holders of
the Note and the principal amount of the Note held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The entries in the Register
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holders of this Note shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Note for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive
payments of Principal and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered Note may be assigned, transferred or
sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its receipt of a written request to assign,
transfer or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the holder thereof, the Company shall record the information contained therein
in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount as the principal amount of the surrendered
Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 11, provided that if the Company does not so record
an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within two (2) Business Days of such a request,
then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms
hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full Principal represented by
this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the Company following conversion thereof as contemplated
by Section 3(d)) or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice)
requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the
Principal and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may
be) or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of
this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal and Interest converted and/or paid (as
the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such occurrence,
then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.

4

4. RIGHTS
UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event
of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default, provided that, for the avoidance
of doubt, if applicable, the following events shall not constitute an Event of Default if such events are cured within time periods set
forth in this Section 4(a):

(i) the
suspension from trading or the failure of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market for a period
of five (5) consecutive Trading Days;

(ii) the
Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Interest when and as due under this Note, if such
failure remains uncured for a period of at least five (5) Business Days;

(iii) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
forty-five (45) days of their initiation;

(iv) the
commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent
by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission
by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any
Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure
sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law; and

(v) the
entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving
as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company
or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing
a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order,
judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period
of forty-five (45) consecutive days.

5

(b) Notice
of an Event of Default; Redemption Right. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note, the Company shall
within five (5) Business Days deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified)
(an Event of Default Notice) to the Holder. At any time after the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice
and the Companys failure to cure such Event of Default following a reasonable period of time, the Holder may require the Company
to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice)
to the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing to redeem. Each
portion of this Note subject to redemption by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company by returning
to the Holder the amount of Bitcoin Collateral that has not previously been released to the Company in connection with the conversion
of Principal into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.

5. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions
of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock
receivable upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon
the conversion of this Note.

6. RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES. So long as the Note remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 100% of the number
of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all the Principal then outstanding (assuming
for such purpose the Note remains outstanding until the Maturity Date) at the Conversion Price then in effect.

7. VOTING
RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law (including, without limitation,
the Delaware General Corporation Law) and as expressly provided in this Note.

6

8. COVENANTS.
Until this Note has been fully converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with its terms:

(a) Rank.
All payments due under this Note shall be subordinate to the Senior Secured Convertible Note issued by the Company to ATW Growth Opportunities
SPV, LLC.

(b) Incurrence
of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, incur
or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness that would encumber the Bitcoin Collateral.

(c) Existence
of Liens. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer
to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon the Bitcoin Collateral.

(d) Preservation
of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain duly qualified
and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of
its business makes such qualification necessary; provided, that a wholly-owned Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another.

(e) Taxes.
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all material taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with
any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries (except where the failure
to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). The Company
and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure to file
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain adequate reserves
therefor in accordance with GAAP.

9. SECURITY;
SOLE RECOURSE. This Note is secured by, and the Holders sole recourse under this Note shall be in respect of, the Bitcoin Collateral.

10. AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. Except for Section 9, which may not be amended, modified or waived, the prior written consent of the Required
Holders (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) shall be required for any amendment, modification or waiver to this Note. Any
amendment, modification or waiver so approved shall be binding upon all existing and future Holders.

11. REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new
Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(f) following conversion or
redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the
face of this Note.

7

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 11(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing in
the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal
as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be
of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 11(a) or Section 11(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when
added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining
outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face
of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and
(v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest of this Note, from the Issuance Date.

12. REMEDIES.
The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note at law or in equity
(including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to
pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of
the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall
any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note
or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity.
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided
herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall
be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of
the Company (or the performance thereof).

8

13. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against
any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine,
feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include
and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note.

14. FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party.

15. NOTICES.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with
the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this
Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company will give written notice to the Holder upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and
certifying, the calculation of such adjustment.

16. CANCELLATION.
After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically
be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

17. WAIVER
OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

18. GOVERNING
LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any provision
or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions
other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any
way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND
AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR
ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

9

19. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

20. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) Bitcoin
means one unit of the digital currency traded under the ticker symbol BTC.

(c) Bitcoin
Collateral means the 500 Bitcoin contributed by the Holder to the Company pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(d) Bitcoin
Reference Price means $92,559.

(e) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

(f) Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially issued
the Note pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(g) Common
Stock means the Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

(h) Conversion
Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $12.50, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(i) Eligible
Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or
the Nasdaq Global Market.

10

(j) GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(k) Maturity
Date shall mean the later of (x) March 6, 2030 and (y) the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date under
the Senior Secured Convertible Note issued to ATW Growth Opportunities SPV, LLC by the Company.

(l) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(m) Principal
Amount means, with respect to a given date, the value of the outstanding Principal on such date in U.S. Dollars, using an exchange
rate equal to the Bitcoin Reference Price.

(n) Securities
Purchase Agreement means that certain securities purchase agreement, dated as of the Subscription Date, by and among the Company
and the initial Holders pursuant to which the Company issued this Note, as may be amended from time to time.

(o) Subject
Share Price means the share price equal to the closing share price of Common Stock for a period of at least twenty (20) days
out of thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date of determination (as equitably adjusted
for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, reclassifications, combinations, exchanges
of shares or other like changes or transactions with respect to shares of Common Stock).

(p) Subscription
Date means March 6, 2025.

(q) Subsidiaries
means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (i) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar
interest of such Person or (ii) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person.

(r) Trading
Day means a day on which national stock exchanges in the United States are open for trading.

(s) Triggering
Event I means the date on which the Subject Share Price is greater than or equal to $15.00.

(t) Triggering
Event II means the date on which the Subject Share Price is greater than or equal to $20.00.

(u) Triggering
Event III means the date on which the Subject Share Price is greater than or equal to $25.00.

(v) Triggering
Event IV means the date on which the Subject Share Price is greater than or equal to $30.00.

(w) Triggering
Event V means the date on which the Subject Share Price is greater than or equal to $35.00.

(x) Triggering
Event VI means the date on which the Subject Share Price is greater than or equal to $40.00.

[Signature page follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

FOLD HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Will Reeves

Name: Will Reeves

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Senior Convertible Note
- Signature Page

EXHIBIT
I

FOLD HOLDINGS, INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Convertible
Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by Fold Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).
In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Principal Amount (as defined in the Note) of
the Note indicated below into shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company,
as of the date specified below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Note.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate Principal to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid Interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect to such portion of the Aggregate Principal and such Aggregate Interest to be converted: 

AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: 

$12.50

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted
to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Issue to: 

Date: _____________ __,

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: 

E-mail Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023407201ex10-1_foldhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR, DATED MARCH 6, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of March 6, 2025, is by and between Fold Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), and SATS Credit Fund LP (the Buyer and together with the Company, the Parties
and each a Party).

RECITALS

A. Each
of the Company and the Buyer is executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act).

B. The
Company has authorized a new series of secured convertible notes of the Company, in the aggregate original principal amount of approximately
$46.3 million, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note), which Note shall
be convertible into shares of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) (the
shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the Note, including, without limitation, upon conversion or otherwise, collectively,
the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms of the Note.

C. The
Buyer wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell, at the Closing (as defined below), upon the terms and conditions stated in this
Agreement, (i) the Note, (ii) a warrant to initially acquire up to 925,590 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant) (the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, collectively, the Warrant Shares), (iii) an aggregate
of 750,000 shares of Common Stock (the Closing Shares) and (iv) an aggregate of 25 Bitcoin (Bitcoin Consideration).

D. The
Company and the Buyer wish to execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement),
pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights with respect to the Conversion Shares and the Warrant
Shares under the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable state securities laws.

E. The
Note, the Conversion Shares, the Warrant, the Warrant Shares and the Closing Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

F. The
Note will rank (a) junior, and shall be expressly subordinate to, that certain Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated as of December 26,
2024, issued by the Company to ATW Growth Opportunities SPV, LLC (the ATW Note), and (b) senior to all outstanding
and to all future indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined below), other than the ATW Note.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTE AND WARRANT.

(a) Purchase
of Note and Warrant. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below, the Company
shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company on the Closing Date (as defined below) (A) the Note
in the original principal amount as is set forth opposite the Buyers name in column (3) on Annex A attached to this
Agreement, and (B) a Warrant to initially acquire up to that aggregate number of Warrant Shares as is set forth opposite the Buyers
name in column (5) on Annex A attached to this Agreement (the Closing).

(b) Closing
Date. The date and time of the Closing (the Closing Date) shall be 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first (1st)
Business Day on which the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below are satisfied or waived (or such other date
as is mutually agreed to by the Company and the Buyer). As used herein Business Day means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided,
however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay
at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the
closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems
(including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(c) Purchase
Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Note and the Warrant to be purchased by the Buyer (the Purchase Price)
shall be the amount set forth opposite the Buyers name in column (8) on Annex A attached to this Agreement, which
the Buyer shall pay at the Closing, in full satisfaction of the Purchase Price, by transferring to the Company an aggregate of 500 Bitcoin
(Bitcoin), as provided in Section 2(e) below. The Buyer and the Company agree that the Note and the Warrant constitute
an investment unit for purposes of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code).
The Buyer and the Company mutually agree that the allocation of the issue price of such investment unit between the Note and the Warrant
in accordance with Section 1273(c)(2) of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.1273-2(h) shall be an allocation that the parties
shall agree prior to the time of filing of any tax returns with respect thereto, and neither the Buyer nor the Company shall take any
position inconsistent with such allocation in any tax return or in any judicial or administrative proceeding in respect of taxes.

(d) Closing
Transactions.

(i) Closing
Shares. In connection with the Closing, the Company shall issue to the Buyer the Closing Shares as partial consideration for the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(ii) Prepaid-Interest.
In connection with the Closing, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Bitcoin Consideration through the procedures communicated by the
Buyer, in lieu of the first twelve months of interest payments due in respect of the Note, as set forth in the Note.

1

(e) Form
of Payment. At the Closing, (i) the Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price to the Company for the Note and Warrant by transferring to
the Company 500 Bitcoin through the procedures communicated by the Company, and (ii) the Company shall deliver to the Buyer (A) a Note
in the aggregate original principal amount as is set forth opposite the Buyers name in column (3) of Annex A attached
to this Agreement, (B) a Warrant to initially acquire up to that aggregate number of Warrant Shares as is set forth opposite the Buyers
name in column (5) on Annex A attached to this Agreement, (C) the Closing Shares and (D) the Bitcoin Consideration, in each
case, as applicable, duly executed on behalf of the Company and registered in the name of the Buyer or its designee.

2. BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

The Buyer represents and warrants
to the Company that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

(a) Organization;
Authority. The Buyer is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization with the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
(as defined below) to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

(b) No
Public Sale or Distribution. The Buyer (i) is acquiring the Note, the Warrant and the Closing Shares, (ii) upon conversion of the
Note will acquire the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion thereof, and (iii) upon exercise of the will acquire the Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise thereof, in each case, for its own account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public
sale or distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the 1933
Act. The Buyer does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the
Securities in violation of applicable securities laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Person means an individual,
a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity
and any Governmental Entity or any department or agency thereof.

(c) Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities.

(d) Information.
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company
and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been requested by the Buyer. The Buyer and its advisors, if any,
have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations
conducted by the Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Buyers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves
a high degree of risk. The Buyer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities.

2

(e) No
Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency
has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(f) Transfer
or Resale. The Buyer understands that except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement: (i) the Securities have not been and
are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred
unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company (if requested by the Company) an opinion
of counsel, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred may
be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) the Buyer provides the Company with reasonable
assurance that such Securities can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor
rule thereto) (collectively, Rule 144); (ii) any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made
only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144, and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances
in which the seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933
Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) promulgated thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under
any obligation to register the Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of
any exemption thereunder. The Securities may not be pledged in connection with any loan or financing arrangement without the prior written
consent of the Company.

(g) Validity;
Enforcement. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which the Buyer is a party have been duly and validly authorized, executed
and delivered on behalf of the Buyer and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Buyer enforceable against the
Buyer in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

(h) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Buyer of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which the Buyer
is a party and the consummation by the Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of
the organizational documents of the Buyer, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time
or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Buyer is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to the Buyer, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for
such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of the Buyer to perform its obligations hereunder.

3

(i) Foreign
Person. If the Buyer is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), the Buyer hereby represents that
it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the
Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities,
(ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained,
and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer
of the Securities. The Buyers subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Securities will not violate
any applicable securities or other laws of the Buyers jurisdiction.

(j) Residence.
The office or offices of the Buyer in which it has its principal place of business is identified in the address or addresses of the Buyer
set forth on the Buyers signature page or otherwise has been provided to the Company.

(k) No
Other Representations or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents and in Section
3 of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor any Person on behalf of the Company, has made, and the Buyer has not relied on, any other
representation and warranty, express or implied, relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the results of operations or financial condition of
the Company, including any representations or warranties as to the future sales, revenue, profitability or success of the business, or
any representations or warranties arising from statute or otherwise, from a course of dealing or usage of trade.

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company represents and
warrants to the Buyer that the following representations are true and correct as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. As used
herein, the phrase to the Companys knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge of any executive officer of the Company
as of such time of determination.

(a) Organization
and Qualification. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their properties and to
carry on their business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property
or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). As used in this Agreement,
Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations
(including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary, individually or taken as
a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in any of the other Transaction Documents or any other agreements or instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
perform any of their respective obligations under any of the Transaction Documents (as defined below). Other than Fold, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, the Company has no Subsidiaries. Subsidiaries means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly,
(I) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (II) controls or operates all
or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually referred to herein
as a Subsidiary.

4

(b) Authorization;
Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the consummation by the Company and its
Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Note, the Closing
Shares and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note as of the Closing and
the issuance of the Warrant and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant
as of the Closing Date, as well as the sale of the Bitcoin Consideration) have been duly authorized by the Companys board of directors
and each of its Subsidiaries board of directors or other governing body, as applicable, and (other than the filing with the SEC
of one or more registration statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement and any filing(s) required
by applicable state blue sky securities laws, rules and regulations (together the Securities Filings))
no further filing, consent or authorization is required by the Company, its Subsidiaries, their respective boards of directors or their
stockholders or other governing body. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar
laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification
and to contribution may be limited by federal or state securities law and except as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement,
the Note, the Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by
any of the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

(c) Issuance
of Securities. The issuance of the Note, the Warrant and the Closing Shares at the Closing are duly authorized and upon issuance in
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive
or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims, liens, pledges, charges, taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests
and other encumbrances (collectively Liens) with respect to the issuance thereof. The Closing Shares, and, upon issuance
or conversion in accordance with the Note or exercise in accordance with the Warrant (as the case may be), the Conversion Shares and the
Warrant Shares, respectively, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar
rights or Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock.
Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Buyer in this Agreement, the offer and issuance by the Company of
the Securities is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act.

5

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and its Subsidiaries and the consummation
by the Company and its Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of
the Note, the Closing Shares, the Bitcoin Consideration, the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares and the reservation
for issuance of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the Companys certificate of
incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation) (including, without limitation, any certificate of designation contained
therein), the Companys bylaws (the Bylaws and, together with the Certificate of Incorporation, the Organizational
Documents), certificate of formation, memorandum of association, articles of association, bylaws or other organizational documents
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any capital stock or other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) in any respect under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including, without limitation, foreign, federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected.

(e) Consents.
Assuming the accuracy of the representations made by the Buyer in Section 2, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain
any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with (other than the Securities Filings), any Governmental
Entity (as defined below) or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform
any of its respective obligations under or contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof
or thereof. Governmental Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political
jurisdiction of any nature, federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority
of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal), multi-national
organization or body; or body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory,
or taxing authority or power of any nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled
by a government or a public international organization or any of the foregoing.

(f) No
Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has,
directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that
would require registration of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act, whether through integration with prior offerings
or otherwise, or cause this offering of the Securities to require approval of stockholders of the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act
or under any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange
or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated for quotation. None of the Company,
its Subsidiaries, their affiliates nor any Person acting on their behalf have taken any action or steps that would require registration
of the issuance of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated with other
offerings of securities of the Company.

6

(g) Application
of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including, without limitation,
any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or
could become applicable to any Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the
Companys issuance of the Securities and any Buyers ownership of the Securities. The Company and its board of directors have
taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations
of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(h) Material
Liabilities; Financial Information. The Company has no liabilities or obligations, absolute or contingent (individually or in the
aggregate), except obligations under contracts made in the ordinary course of business that as of the date of this Agreement would not
be required to be reflected in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in
the United States, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby (GAAP). The Financial Statements (as defined
below) fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, at
the respective dates thereof. The Company is not currently contemplating to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, nor is the
Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require the Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements,
in each case, in order for any of the Financials Statements to be in compliance with GAAP. The Company has not been informed by its independent
accountants that they recommend that the Company amend or restate any of the Financial Statements or that there is any need for the Company
to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements.

(i) Financial
Statements. The Company has delivered to the Buyer its audited financial statements (including balance sheet, income statement and
statement of cash flows) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and its unaudited financial statements (including balance
sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows) as of September 30, 2024 (the Balance Sheet Date) and for the
9-month period ended on the Balance Sheet Date (collectively, the Financial Statements). The Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated, except that the unaudited Financial
Statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP. The Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition and operating results of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated
therein, subject in the case of the unaudited Financial Statements to normal year-end audit adjustments. The Company maintains and will
continue to maintain a standard system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP.

7

(j) No
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. No event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists,
or is reasonably expected to exist based on events or circumstances that have occurred on or prior to the date hereof with respect to
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, operations (including results thereof)
or condition (financial or otherwise), that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Conduct
of Business; Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material violation of any term of or in default
under its Certificate of Incorporation, any certificate of designation, preferences or rights of any other outstanding series of preferred
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Bylaws or their organizational charter, certificate of formation, memorandum of association,
articles of association, or certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any of its indebtedness, respectively. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in violation of any of the foregoing,
except in all cases for possible violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations
or permits would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary
has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit. There
is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially
impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or the conduct of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted other than such effects, individually or in
the aggregate, which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(l) Capitalization.

(i) As
of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 600,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 46,138,876 shares
were issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred
Stock), of which no shares were outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock (i) have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) were offered, sold and issued in compliance
with applicable securities laws, and (iii) were not issued in breach or violation of (1) the Organizational Documents or (2) any preemptive
rights, purchase option, call option, right of first refusal or offer, subscription right or any similar right. The Company has no shares
of Common Stock or Preferred Stock reserved for issuance, except that, as of the date of this Agreement, there were (x) 12,434,658 shares
of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of any outstanding Public Warrants (as defined below), and (y) an aggregate of
15,554,347 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise or conversion, as the case may be, of the ATW Warrants and the
ATW Note.

8

(ii) As
of the date hereof, Parent has issued and outstanding 12,434,658 public warrants (the Public Warrants) and private
warrants issued in connection with the ATW Note and exercisable for 1,739,130 shares of Common Stock (the ATW Warrants,
and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants) entitling the holder thereof to purchase shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price and pursuant to terms described in the Warrants, and subject to adjustments as therein.

(m) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, other Governmental Entity,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Common Stock or any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries officers or directors, whether of
a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such. The Company is not aware of any fact which might result in or form
the basis for any such action, suit, arbitration, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity.

(n) Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its filings under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not so disclosed or that otherwise would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(o) No
Additional Agreements. The Company does not have any agreement or understanding with any Buyer with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents.

4. COVENANTS.

(a) Commercially
Reasonable Efforts. The Buyer and the Company shall each use commercially reasonable efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants
hereunder and conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in this Agreement.

(b) Books
and Records. The Company will keep proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial
transactions and the asset and business of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

(c) Conversion
and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Exercise Notice (as defined in the Warrant) included in the Warrant and the form of Conversion
Notice (as defined in the Note) included in the Note set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Buyer in order to exercise
the Warrant or convert the Note. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrant and conversions of the Note and shall deliver the Conversion
Shares and Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Note and Warrant.

9

(d) Bitcoin
Funding. The Buyer and the Company each acknowledge and agree that the Buyer will make payment of the Purchase Price in Bitcoin through
the procedures communicated by the Company; provided that, for purposes of the Transaction Documents, the Purchase Price shall be deemed
in U.S. dollars valued at the Applicable Exchange Rate for Bitcoin. The Applicable Exchange Rate shall be calculated
according to the exchange rate as specified on coinmarketcap.com at 11:59 PM EST on the one day preceding the date of this instrument;
provided, however, that in the event that coinmarketcap.com experiences technical issues in such period that affect the accuracy of the
volume-weighted average price of Bitcoin, the Buyer and the Company will use their reasonable best efforts to jointly determine the volume-weighted
average price of Bitcoin for such period.

(e) Use
of Bitcoin. The Company shall use the Bitcoin received on account of the Purchase Price exclusively for treasury purposes and not
for operational or any other purposes during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the Maturity Date (as defined in the
Note), subject to early release in accordance with the terms of the Note.

(f) Warrant
and Registration Rights Agreement. Promptly following the date hereof, and in any event prior to the Closing Date, the Buyer and the
Company shall each use their respective reasonable best efforts to cause the forms of the Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement to
be negotiated and finalized, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Buyer and the Company.

5. REGISTER; LEGENDS.

(a) Register.
The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
to each holder of Securities), a register for the Note and the Warrant in which the Company shall record the name and address of the Person
in whose name the Note and the Warrant have been issued (including the name and address of each transferee), the principal amount of the
Note held by such Person, the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Note and the number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrant held by such Person.

(b) Legends.
The Buyer understands that the Securities have been issued (or will be issued in the case of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares)
pursuant to an exemption from registration or qualification under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws, and except as set
forth below, the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive legend
in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such stock certificates):

[NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE] [EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN][THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN] REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY
THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR
ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

10

6. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL.

The obligation of the Company
hereunder to issue and sell the Note and the Warrant to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing
Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by
the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Buyer with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The
Buyer shall have executed each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

(b) The
Buyer shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price for the Note and the Warrant being purchased by the Buyer at the Closing
through procedures communicated by the Company.

(c) The
representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which
shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects
with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or
prior to the Closing Date.

(d) No
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

7. CONDITIONS TO THE BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.

The obligation of the Buyer
hereunder to purchase the Note and the Warrant at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of
the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any
time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The
Company and each Subsidiary (as the case may be) shall have duly executed and delivered to such Buyer each of the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party and the Company shall have (A) duly executed and delivered to the Buyer (x) the Note in such original principal
amount as is set forth across from the Buyers name in column (3) of Annex A attached to this Agreement and (y) the
Warrant (initially for such aggregate number of Warrant Shares as is set forth across from the Buyers name in column (5) of Annex
A attached to this Agreement), (B) transferred to the Buyer the Bitcoin Consideration and (C) issued to the Buyer the Closing
Shares, in each case, as being purchased by the Buyer at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.

11

(b) The
representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which
shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects
with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at
or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) No
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

8. TERMINATION.

This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Closing by mutual written consent of the Company and the Buyer. In the event that this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to this Section 8, then each of the Parties shall be relieved of its duties and obligations arising under this Agreement after
the date of such termination and such termination shall be without liability to the respective Parties; provided, that nothing in this
Section 8 shall relieve the Parties of any liability for fraud or a willful breach of this Agreement.

9. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial.

(i) This
Agreement, and any claims or proceedings arising out of this Agreement or the subject matter hereof (whether at law or equity, in contract
or in tort or otherwise), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the
conflict of law principles thereof (or any other jurisdiction) to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction.

(ii) Each
of the Parties agrees that: (i) it shall bring any proceeding in connection with, arising out of or otherwise relating to this Agreement,
any agreement, certificate, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement exclusively in the courts of the State of
Delaware in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (and only if) such court finds it lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the
Superior Court of the State of Delaware (Complex Commercial Division); provided that if subject matter jurisdiction over the Proceeding
is vested exclusively in the United States federal courts, then such Proceeding shall be heard in the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware (the Chosen Courts); and (ii) solely in connection with such proceedings, (A) it irrevocably
and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (B) it waives any objection to the laying of venue in
any proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (C) it waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction
over any Party, (D) mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such proceeding in the manner provided in Section 9(f)
or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof and (E) it shall not
assert as a defense, any matter or claim waived by the foregoing clauses (A) through (D) of this Section 9(a)
or that any order, writ, judgment, temporary, preliminary or permanent injunction, decree, ruling, stipulation, determination, or award
issued by the Chosen Courts may not be enforced in or by the Chosen Courts.

12

(iii) EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY BE IN CONNECTION WITH, ARISE OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT,
ANY INSTRUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE
EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN CONNECTION WITH, ARISING OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
ANY INSTRUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES (i) THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE OTHER PARTIES HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTIES WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) IT MAKES THIS WAIVER
VOLUNTARILY AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS,
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 9(a).

(b) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an
executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

(c) Headings;
Gender. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of,
this Agreement. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine,
neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words
of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in
which they are found.

13

(d) Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest
extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change,
the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the
provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical
realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to
replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible
to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

(e) Entire
Agreement; Release.

(i) This
Agreement (including the exhibits and annexes) and the Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, understandings, and representations
and warranties, whether oral or written, with respect to such matters.

(ii) Each
Party acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Section 2 and Section 3,
in the Transaction Documents or in any agreement, certificate, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the
Transaction Documents, (i) no Party has made or is making any representations, warranties or inducements, (ii) no Party has
relied on or is relying on any representations, warranties, inducements, statements, materials or information (including as to the accuracy
or completeness of any statements, materials or information) and (iii) each Party hereby disclaims reliance on any representations,
warranties, inducements, statements, materials or information (whether oral or written, express or implied, or otherwise) or on the
accuracy or completeness of any statements, materials or information, in each case of clauses (i) through (iii), relating to or in
connection with the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or any Transaction Documents, the agreements, certificates, instruments
or other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents, or the Transactions. Each Party hereby releases,
discharges, ceases and waives any and all claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, debts, damages, losses, expenses, costs and proceedings
(whether in contract or in tort, in law or in equity, or granted by statute) relating to the making (or alleged making) of any
representations, warranties or inducements, the disclosure or making available of any statements, materials or information (or the accuracy
or completeness thereof), or the reliance on (or alleged reliance on) any representations, warranties, inducements, statements, materials
or information (including the accuracy or completeness of any statements, materials or information), except for such claims, demands,
liabilities, obligations, debts, damages, losses, expenses, costs and Proceedings arising from fraud with respect to the representations
and warranties expressly set forth in Section 2 and Section 3, in the Transaction Documents or in any agreement, certificate, instrument
or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents

14

(f) Notices.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic
mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does
not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such
recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case,
properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Fold Holdings, Inc.

11201 North Tatum Boulevard

Suite 300, Unit 42035

Phoenix, AZ 85028

Attention: Will Reeves

Email: will.reeves@foldapp.com

With a copy (for informational purposes
only) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

811 Main Street, Suite 3700

Houston, TX 77002

Attention: Ryan Maierson

E-Mail: ryan.maierson@lw.com

If to the Buyer, to its mailing address and e-mail
address set forth on Annex A attached to this Agreement, with copies to the Buyers representatives as set forth on
Annex A attached to this Agreement, or to such other mailing address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such
other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness
of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B)
mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided
by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier
service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(g) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns,
including any purchasers of any of the Note.

(h) No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

(i) Amendments
and Modifications. This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by written agreement of the Parties hereto.

15

(j) Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. No specific representation or warranty shall limit the generality or applicability
of a more general representation or warranty. Each and every reference to share prices, shares of Common Stock and any other numbers in
this Agreement that relate to the Common Stock shall be automatically adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations,
recapitalizations or other similar transactions that occur with respect to the Common Stock after the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or
warranty against, or a prohibition of, any actions with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability
of, and/or securing of, securities of the Company in order for such Buyer (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect
short sales or similar transactions in the future.

(l) Remedies.
Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the rights of each Party to consummate the Transactions are special, unique and of extraordinary
character and that if for any reason any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed or complied with in accordance with their
terms or are otherwise breached, immediate and irreparable harm or damage would be caused for which money damages would not be an adequate
remedy. Accordingly, each Party agrees that, in addition to any other available remedies a Party may have in equity or at law, each Party
shall be entitled to equitable remedies against another Party for its breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement or to obtain an injunction restraining any such breach or threatened breach of
the provisions of this Agreement in the Chosen Courts, in each case, (i) without necessity of posting a bond or other form of security
and (ii) without proving the inadequacy of money damages or another any remedy at law. In the event that a Party seeks equitable remedies
in any Proceeding (including to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement),
no Party shall raise any defense or objection, and each Party hereby waives any and all defenses and objections, to such equitable remedies
on grounds that (x) money damages would be adequate or there is another adequate remedy at law or (y) the Party seeking equitable remedies
must either post a bond or other form of security and prove the inadequacy of money damages or another any remedy at law.

(m) Expenses.
Whether or not the Closing occurs, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and performance
of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the Transactions, including all fees and expenses of its Representatives, shall be paid
by the Party incurring such expense; provided, that the Company shall reimburse up to $50,000 of Buyers out-of-pocket fees and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement.

[Signature page follows]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Buyer
and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

FOLD HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Will Reeves

Name: Will Reeves

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BUYER:

SATS CREDIT FUND LP

By: /s/ Jonathan Kirkwood

Name: Jonathan Kirkwood

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement

Annex A

(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)

Buyer Mailing 

Address 

and Contact

Information Original 

Principal

Amount of 

Note Aggregate

Number of

Warrant

Shares Purchase

Price Legal 

Representatives

Mailing 

Address and 

Contact 

Information

SATS CREDIT FUND LP 1910 21st Ave South

Nashville, T 37212

jonathan@ten21.vc $ 46,279,500 925,590 500 Bitcoin Available upon inquiry

Exhibit A

Form of Note

[Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023407201ex10-2_foldhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WARRANT, DATED MARCH 12, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Fold Holdings, Inc.

Warrant To Purchase Common Stock

Date of Issuance: March 12, 2025 (Issuance
Date)

Fold Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, SATS Credit Fund LP, the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder),
is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect,
upon exercise of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Issuance
Date, but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on March 12, 2030 (the Expiration Date), up to 925,590 shares (the
Warrant Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock).
This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Subscription Date),
by and among the Company and the Holder, as amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement).

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics of
Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the
Issuance Date and on or before the Expiration Date, in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via e-mail or otherwise) of a written
notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders
election to exercise this Warrant. Promptly following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to
the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant
Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer of
immediately available funds . The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an
exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the
same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the
remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall
have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the
terms hereof. Promptly following the Companys receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued
the applicable number of Warrant Shares to the Holder and cause such Warrant Shares to be registered in book-entry form in the name
of the Holder on the Companys share register (which book-entry records shall contain an appropriate notation concerning
transfer restrictions of the Warrant Shares, in accordance with applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and
other applicable jurisdictions), and will provide to the Holder evidence of such issuance from the Companys transfer
agent.

(b) Exercise
Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $15.00, subject to adjustment as provided
herein.

(c) Further
Assurances. The Company shall in all cases use its reasonable best efforts to comply with the delivery requirements set forth
herein and shall do all things and take all actions reasonably requested by the Holder in furtherance thereof.

(d) Reservation of
Shares. So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this
Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall be
necessary to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue shares of Common Stock under the Warrant (after giving effect to any
partial exercise(s) hereof).

2.
ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the Subscription Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of
its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in
shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of
its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or
otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such
case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant
to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or
combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated
hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b) Number of Warrant
Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 2(a), the number of Warrant Shares
that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment
the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a
share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by
or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of Common
Stock.

2

3. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in
the Securities Purchase Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry
out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the
exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the
exercise of this Warrant.

4. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a
holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the
Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or
otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder
of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in
this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant
or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company. Notwithstanding this Section 4, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other
information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

5. REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer of
Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company
will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)), registered as
the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less
than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with
Section 5(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

(b) Lost, Stolen or
Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall
suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the
Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the
Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing the right to
purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

3

(c) Exchangeable for
Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,
for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number
of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such
Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares of
Common Stock shall be given.

(d) Issuance of New
Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i)
shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase
the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 5(a) or
Section 5(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the
other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this
Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date,
and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

6.
NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall
be given in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all
actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise in accordance with the terms
hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor.

7. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take
any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the
written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the
waiving party.

8. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the
broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect
the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without
material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or
unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations
of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will
endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the
effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

4

9. GOVERNING
LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the
construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to any provision of law or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to
the Company at the address set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that
such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. THE
COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY
DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

10. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or
affect the interpretation of, this Warrant.

11. REMEDIES.
The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant at law
or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right
of the Holder to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant.
The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly
provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation
thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any
other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).

12.
TRANSFER. This Warrant may not be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without
the prior written consent of the Company. 

[Signature page follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

Fold HOLDINGS, Inc.

By: /s/ Will Reeves

Name: Will Reeves

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature
Page to Warrant

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED
BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Fold
Holdings, Inc.

The undersigned holder hereby
elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant) of Fold Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective
meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Exercise
Price. The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made with respect to
_________________ Warrant Shares.

2. Payment
of Exercise Price. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________
to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

3. Delivery
of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Common
Stock in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit,
as follows:

Issue to: 

Date: _____________ __, 

Name
of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID:____________________________

E-mail Address:_____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023407201ex10-3_foldhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR, DATED MARCH 12, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 12, 2025, is by and among Fold Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), and SATS Credit Fund LP (the Holder).

RECITALS

A. In
connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Securities
Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
to issue and sell to the Holder (i) the Note (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), which is convertible into shares of Common
Stock (the Conversion Shares) in accordance with the terms thereof, and (ii) a Warrant (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement) to acquire shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares).

B. To
induce the Holder to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed pursuant to
Section 4(f) thereof to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the 1933 Act), and applicable state securities laws.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Holder hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

(b) Investor
means the Holder or any transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities or Notes, as applicable, to whom the Holder assigns its rights
under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 7 and any
transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities assigns its rights under this Agreement
and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.

(c) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization
or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(d) register,
registered, and registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or
more Registration Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 and the declaration of effectiveness of such Registration
Statement(s) by the SEC.

(e) Registrable
Securities means (i) the Conversion Shares, (ii) the Warrant Shares, and (iii) any capital stock of the Company issued
or issuable with respect to the Conversion Shares, the Warrant Shares, the Note, or the Warrant.

(f) Registration
Statement means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the 1933 Act covering Registrable
Securities.

(g) Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar
or successor rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the Company to the public without
registration.

(h) Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar
or successor rule or regulation of the SEC providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis.

(i) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

2. Registration.

(a) Mandatory
Registration. The Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement to permit
the public resale of all the Registrable Securities held by the Holder from time to time as permitted by Rule 415 under the 1933 Act (or
any successor or similar provision adopted by the SEC then in effect) on the terms and conditions specified in this Section 2(a)
and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable
after the filing thereof. The Registration Statement filed with the Commission pursuant to this Section 2(a) shall be on Form S-3
or, if Form S-3 is not then available to the Company, on Form S-1 or such other form of registration statement as is then available to
effect a registration for resale of such Registrable Securities, covering such Registrable Securities, and shall contain a prospectus
in such form as to permit the Holder to sell such Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act (or any successor or
similar provision adopted by the SEC then in effect) beginning on the effective date for such Registration Statement. A Registration Statement
filed pursuant to this Section 2(a) shall provide for the resale pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available
to, and requested by, the Holder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed pursuant
to this Section 2(a) to remain effective, and to be supplemented and amended to the extent necessary to ensure that such Registration
Statement is available or, if not available, that another Registration Statement is available, for the resale of all the Registrable Securities
held by the Holder until all such Registrable Securities have ceased to be Registrable Securities. As soon as practicable following the
effective date of a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Section 2(a), the Company shall notify the Holders of the effectiveness
of such Registration Statement. When effective, a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Section 2(a) (including the documents
incorporated therein by reference) will comply as to form in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of any prospectus contained
in such Registration Statement, in the light of the circumstances under which such statement is made).

2

(b) Piggyback Registrations.
Without limiting any obligation of the Company hereunder or under the Securities Purchase Agreement, if there is not an effective Registration
Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use and the Company shall
determine to prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement or offering statement relating to an offering for its own account
or the account of others under the 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated
under the 1933 Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of
any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other employee benefit plans),
then the Company shall deliver to each Investor a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the date
of the delivery of such notice, any such Investor shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such Registration Statement
or offering statement all or a part of such Registrable Securities such Investor requests to be registered; provided, however, the Company
shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(b) that are eligible for resale pursuant
to Rule 144 without restriction (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information
required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or that are the subject of a then-effective Registration Statement.

3. Related Obligations.

The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition
thereof, and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

(a) The
Company shall notify each Investor of the happening of any event, as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, as a
result of which the prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, may include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement
and such prospectus contained therein to correct such untrue statement or omission.

(b) The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of each Registration
Statement or the use of any prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an exemption from qualification,
of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal
of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment.

3

(c) The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

(d) Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on or after
the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights
granted to the Holder in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

4. Obligations of the Investors.

(a) At
least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement, the Company shall notify each
Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from each such Investor with respect to such Registration Statement. It shall
be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the
Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the
Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as shall be reasonably
required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents
in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

(b) Each
Investor, by such Investors acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested
by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified
the Company in writing of such Investors election to exclude all of such Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration
Statement.

(c) Each
Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(b)
or the first sentence of 3(a), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration
Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus
contemplated by Section 3(b) or the first sentence of Section 3(a) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required.

5. Expenses of Registration.

All reasonable expenses, other
than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2
and 3 shall be paid by the Company.

4

6. Indemnification.

(a) The
Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors and agents
and each Person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the 1933 Act) from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in
respect thereof) (collectively, Claims), resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of any material fact
contained in any Registration Statement, prospectus or preliminary prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission
or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; except
insofar as the Claim arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made
in such filing in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use
therein. 

(b) In
connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, the Company may require that,
as a condition to including any Registrable Securities in any Registration Statement the Company shall have received an undertaking reasonably
satisfactory to it from such Holder, to indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each Person who controls the
Company (within the meaning of the 1933 Act) from and against Claims resulting from any untrue statement of any material fact contained
in the Registration Statement, prospectus or preliminary prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that
such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however,
that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability
of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the
sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. 

(c) Any
Person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any Claim with respect to
which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification
hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such Claim, permit
such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. An indemnifying
party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a Claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more
than one (1) counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such Claim, unless in the reasonable judgment
of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with
respect to such Claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment
or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying
party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) and which settlement includes a statement or admission of fault or culpability on the
part of such indemnified party or does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified
party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

5

(d) The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director, partners, stockholders or members, employees, agents, investment advisors or
controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of Registrable Securities. The Company and each Holder of
Registrable Securities participating in a registration also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified
party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

(e) If
the indemnification provided under Section 6 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party in respect of any Claims, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall
contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such Claims (i) in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party or parties on the one hand and the indemnified party or parties on
the other hand from the offering of the Registrable Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but
also to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party or parties on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions
that resulted in such Claims, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and
indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or related to information supplied
by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action

7. Assignment of Registration Rights.

(a) This
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or
in part.

(b) The
Holder may assign or delegate its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Person to whom it transfers
Registrable Securities, provided that such Registrable Securities remain Registrable Securities following such transfer and such Person
agreed to become bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance herewith.

(c) No
assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company
unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee,
in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished
by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section
7 shall be null and void.

8. Amendment of Registration Rights.

Provisions of this Agreement
may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively),
only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party.

6

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Solely
for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns, or is deemed to
own, of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons
with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from
such record owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b) Any
notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party
to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service
providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery or electronic mail. Each notice or communication that is mailed,
delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received, in the case of
mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service,
hand delivery or electronic mail, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt of the intended recipient
or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication
under this Agreement must be addressed to the Company at:

If to the Company:

Fold Holdings, Inc.

11201 North Tatum Boulevard

Suite 300, Unit 42035

Phoenix, AZ 85028

Attention: Will Reeves

Email: will.reeves@foldapp.com

With a copy (for informational purposes
only) to:

Latham & Watkins LLP

811 Main Street, Suite 3700

Houston, TX 77002

Attention: Ryan J. Maierson

Email: ryan.maierson@lw.com

If to the Transfer Agent:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company

One State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

7

If to the Holder, to its mailing address and/or
email address set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(c) Failure
of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy,
shall not operate as a waiver thereof. The Company and the Holder acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It
is accordingly agreed that each party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions
of this Agreement by any other party hereto and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy to which any party may
be entitled by law or equity.

(d) All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New
York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each
party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough
of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue
of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under
this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(e) If
any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions
of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

8

(f) This
Agreement and the instruments referenced herein constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto solely with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth
or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein and therein supersede all prior agreements and
understandings among the parties hereto solely with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

(g) This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto. This Agreement
is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective permitted
successors and assigns and the Persons referred to in Section 6 hereof.

(h) The
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Unless the
context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural
forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed
broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof
and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(i) This
Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the
other party. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an email which contains a portable document
format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

(j) Each
party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such
other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

[Signature
page follows]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Holder and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of
the date first written above.

COMPANY: FOLD HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Will Reeves

Name: Will Reeves

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Holder and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of
the date first written above.

HOLDER: SATS CREDIT FUND LP

By: /s/ Jonathan Kirkwood

Name: Jonathan Kirkwood

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fldd-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fldd-20250306_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>fldd-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>fldd-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41168

Entity Registrant Name Fold Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001889123

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2170416

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 11201 North Tatum Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, Address Line Three Unit 42035

Entity Address, City or Town Phoenix

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85028

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 365-3277

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol FLD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol FLDDW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fldd_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=fldd_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://foldhold.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0234072-8k_foldhold.htm 
fldd-20250306.xsd 
fldd-20250306_def.xml 
fldd-20250306_lab.xml 
fldd-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-023298-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0234072-8k_foldhold_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001889123 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001889123 

fldd:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

0001889123 

fldd:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001889123 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
Fold Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-41168 
86-2170416 
11201 North Tatum Blvd. 
Suite 300 
Unit 42035 
Phoenix 
AZ 
85028 
866 
365-3277 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
FLD 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
FLDDW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>