<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002067.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002067.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401160120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IR-Med, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839133
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				844516398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56492
		FILM NUMBER:		25799514

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ABOUDI LEGAL GROUP PLLC, 745 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10151
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6467684285

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O ABOUDI LEGAL GROUP PLLC, 745 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10151

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	International Display Advertising, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000183913300018391332025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT

TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 26, 2025

IR-MED,
INC.

Nevada 000-56492 84-4516398

(State
or Other Jurisdiction (commission (IRS
Employer

Of
incorporation) File
Number) Identification
Number)

ZHR
Industrial ZoneRosh PinaIsrael 1231400

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

+
972-4-655-5054

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Effective
March 26, 2025, IR-Med, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Mr. Ran Ziskind, Mr. Yaniv Cohen, and Mr. Oded Bashan for
an aggregate amount of $31,200. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued unsecured
convertible promissory notes (the Notes) to Mr. Ziskind, Mr. Cohen, and Mr. Bashan in the principal amount of $10,400 for
each Note. The Notes bear simple interest at a rate of 9% per annum and mature on the earlier of (i) March 26, 2026, or (ii) upon the
completion by the Company of an equity or debt financing generating gross proceeds of at least $100,000. The Notes are convertible, at
the election of the holder, on the maturity date into shares of the Companys common stock at a price per share equal to 85% of
the closing price of the common stock on the applicable trading market as of the maturity date. The Notes are subject to customary events
of default, upon which the outstanding principal and accrued interest may become immediately due and payable. The Company may not prepay
the principal amount without the consent of a majority of the holders of all outstanding Notes, though accrued interest may be paid at
any time.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement and the Notes
do not purport to be complete, and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Form of Purchase
Agreement and the Form of Notes, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively,
to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. The Notes were issued without
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), based on the exemption from registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Item 5.02Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On
March 27, 2024, Ms. Avital Rosenberg notified the board of directors (the Board)
of the Company of her resignation from the Board, effective immediately. The resignation
of Ms. Rosenberg as a director was not related to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations,
policies or practices.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

10.1 Form of Note Purchase Agreement.

10.2 Form of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

IR-Med,
Inc.

By: /s/
Sharon Lefkoviz

Name: Sharon
Lefkoviz

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

Date:
April 1, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

NOTE
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of the date contained in the signature page annexed hereto
(the Closing Date), by and among IR-MED, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and
the subscriber identified on the signature page annexed hereto (the Subscriber) whose address is set forth on the
Signature Page to this Agreement.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company seeks to sell Convertible Promissory Notes in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B (the Note
and collectively referred to as the Notes) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) and Rule 506 of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated under the Securities
Act; and

WHEREAS,
the Subscriber wishes to purchase a Note with the principal amount as set forth on the Signature Page to this Agreement;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Subscriber hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

PURCHASE OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES

1.01
Subscription. The Subscriber hereby subscribes (the Subscription) to purchase that Note in the amount set
forth on the signature page hereto (the Subscription Amount). This Subscription shall become effective when it has
been duly executed by the Subscriber and this Agreement has been accepted and agreed to by the Company.

1.02
Payment For Subscription. The Subscriber agrees that the Subscription Amount to the Company for the amount of the Subscribers
Subscription is to be made upon submission of this Agreement in the form included in these Subscription Documents (as hereinafter defined).

1.03
Terms and Conditions. The Company shall have the right to accept or reject the Subscription, in whole or in part, for any reason
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the belief of the Company that the Subscriber cannot bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Company or upon belief that the Subscriber is not capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company or
that the Subscriber is not an Accredited Investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act, or for no reason at all. A closing may occur once any Subscription is received by the Company and additional closings
under this Offering may take place from time to time as Subscriptions are received by the Company.

1.04
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company will not (i) violate any law, treaty, rule or regulation applicable
to or binding upon the Company or any of its properties or assets, or (ii) result in a breach of any contractual obligation to which
the Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets is bound that would reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

1.05
There is no civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, hearing, notice of violation or investigation, proceeding
or demand letter pending, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened, against the Company, which if adversely determined would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder. There is no civil,
criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, hearing, notice of violation or investigation, proceeding or demand letter pending,
or to the knowledge of the Company threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries that, if adversely determined,
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Company and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole). There are no outstanding
orders, writs, judgments, decrees, injunctions or settlements that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the Company and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole).

Article
II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

2.01
Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Subscriber that:

(a)
Authorization. The Company has all corporate right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors and stockholders necessary for the (i) authorization
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company; (ii) authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Notes contemplated
hereby and the performance of the Companys obligations hereunder; and (iii) authorization, issuance and delivery of the securities
issuable upon conversion of the Notes (the Conversion Stock), has been taken. The securities issuable upon conversion
of the Notes will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The issuance and sale of the securities contemplated hereby will not
give rise to any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal on behalf of any person which have not been waived in connection with this
offering. The Company is not in default of any other obligations, including any promissory notes or debentures.

(b)
Enforceability. Assuming this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties hereto and
thereto other than the Company, this Agreement is duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement is limited
by general equitable principles, or by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally.

(c)
No Violations. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the shares of capital stock
upon the conversion of the Note) will not (i) result in a violation of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company or other organizational
documents of the Company, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or
instrument to which the Company is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable
to the Company by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above,
to the extent such violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect.

(d)
No Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person participating on the Companys behalf in the transactions contemplated
hereby has conducted any general solicitation, as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act, with respect to any of the Notes being offered hereby.

2

(e)
No Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the Securities Act of the issuance of the Notes or securities issuable upon conversion of the Note to the Subscriber.
The issuance of the Notes and securities issuable upon conversion of the Note to the Subscriber will not be integrated with any other
issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) such that the offering of the Notes would require registration under
the Securities Act or would require shareholder approval.

2.02
Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company shall survive the closing and shall
be fully enforceable at law or in equity against the Company and the Companys successors and assigns.

2.03
Disclaimer. It is specifically understood and agreed by the Subscriber that the Company has not made, nor by this Agreement shall
be construed to make, directly or indirectly, explicitly or by implication, any representation, warranty, projection, assumption, promise,
covenant, opinion, recommendation or other statement of any kind or nature with respect to the anticipated profits or losses of the Company,
except as otherwise provided with this Agreement.

2.04
Representations and Warranties by the Subscriber. The Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a)
The Subscriber is acquiring the Notes for the Subscribers own account, as principal, for investment purposes only and not with
any intention to resell, distributes or otherwise dispose of the Notes, in whole or in part.

(b)
The Subscriber has been furnished, has carefully read, and has relied solely (except for information obtained pursuant to paragraph (c)
below), on the information contained in the Subscription Documents of which this Subscription Agreement forms a part (and all schedules
and exhibits thereto), and the Subscriber has not received any other offering literature or prospectus and no representations or warranties
have been made to the Subscriber by the Company or any of its affiliates or representatives, other than the representations and warranties
set forth in these Subscription Documents.

(c)
The Subscriber has had an unrestricted opportunity to: (i) obtain additional information concerning the offering of the Notes (the Offering),
including the Note, the Company and its proposed and existing business and assets; and (ii) ask questions of, and receive answers from
the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the Offering and to obtain such additional information as may have been necessary
to verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Subscription Documents of which this Agreement forms a part, or otherwise
provided.

(d)
The Subscriber is an Accredited Investor, within the meaning of Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rule 501
of Regulation D, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of investing in the Company, and all information that the Subscriber has provided concerning the Subscriber, the Subscribers
financial position and knowledge of financial and business matters is true, correct and complete. The Subscriber acknowledges and understands
that the Company will rely on the information provided by the Subscriber in this Agreement and in the Subscriber Questionnaire annexed
hereto as Exhibit A for purposes of complying with Federal and applicable state securities laws.

(e)
Except as otherwise disclosed in writing by the Subscriber to the Company, the Subscriber has not dealt with a broker in connection with
the purchase of the Notes and agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its officers and directors harmless from any claims for brokerage
or fees in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.

3

(f)
The Subscriber is not relying on the Company or any of its management, officers or employees with respect to any legal, investment or
tax considerations involved in the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes. The Subscriber has relied solely on the advice of, or
has consulted with, in regard to the legal, investment and tax considerations involved in the purchase, ownership and disposition of
Notes, the Subscribers own legal counsel, business and/or investment adviser, accountant and tax adviser.

(g)
The Subscriber understands that the Notes, or the securities into which it may convert, cannot be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged,
hypothecated or pledged, or otherwise disposed of or encumbered except in accordance with the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and that no market will exist for the resale of any Notes. In addition,
the Subscriber understands that the Notes or the securities into which they make convert, have not been registered under the Securities
Act, or under any applicable state securities or blue sky laws or the laws of any other jurisdiction, and cannot be resold unless they
are so registered or unless an exemption from registration is available. The Subscriber understands that there is no current plan to
register the Notes or the securities into which it may convert.

(h)
The Subscriber is willing and able to bear the economic and other risks of an investment in the Company for an indefinite period of time.
The Subscriber has read and understands the provisions of these Subscription Documents.

(i)
The Subscriber maintains the Subscribers domicile, and is not merely a transient or temporary resident, at the residence address
shown on the signature page of this Agreement.

(j)
The Subscriber understands that the Company has made available to the Subscriber and the Subscribers accountants, attorneys and
other advisors full and complete information concerning the financial structure of the Company, and any and all data requested by the
Subscriber as a basis for estimating the potential profits and losses of the Company and the Subscriber acknowledges that the Subscriber
has either reviewed such information or has waived review of such information.

(k)
The Subscriber is not participating in the offer as a result of or subsequent to: (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees
have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

(l)
If the Subscriber is an entity, the Subscriber is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization, as the case may be. The Subscriber has all requisite power and authority to own its properties, to
carry on its business as presently conducted, to enter into and perform the Subscription and the agreements, documents and instruments
executed, delivered and/or contemplated hereby (collectively, the Subscription Documents) to which it is a party
and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Subscription Documents are valid and binding obligations of the
Subscriber, enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws, from time to time in effect, which affect enforcement of creditors rights
generally. If applicable, the execution, delivery and performance of the Subscription Documents to which it is a party have been duly
authorized by all necessary action of the Subscriber. The execution, delivery and performance of the Subscription Documents and the performance
of any transactions contemplated by the Subscription Documents will not (i) violate, conflict with or result in a default (whether after
the giving of notice, lapse of time or both) under any contract or obligation to which the Subscriber is a party or by which it or its
assets are bound, or any provision of its organizational documents (if an entity), or cause the creation of any lien or encumbrance upon
any of the assets of the Subscriber; (ii) violate, conflict with or result in a default (whether after the giving of notice, lapse of
time or both) under, any provision of any law, regulation or rule, or any order of, or any restriction imposed by any court or other
governmental agency applicable to the Subscriber; (iii) require from the Subscriber any notice to, declaration or filing with, or consent
or approval of any governmental authority or other third party other than pursuant to federal or state securities or blue sky laws; or
(iv) accelerate any obligation under, or give rise to a right of termination of, any agreement, permit, license or authorization to which
the Subscriber is a party or by which it is bound.

4

(m)
The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Company intends, in the future, to raise additional funds to expand its business which
may include, without limitation, the need to: fund more rapid expansion; fund additional marketing expenditures; enhance its operating
infrastructure; hire additional personnel; respond to competitive pressures; or acquire complementary businesses or necessary technologies.

(n)
The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Company will have broad discretion with respect to the use of the proceeds from this
Offering, and investors will be relying on the judgment of management regarding the application of these proceeds.

Article
III

MISCELLANEOUS

3.01
Indemnification.

(a)
Each Subscriber will, severally and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its officers, directors, members, shareholders,
partners, representatives, employees and agents, successors and assigns against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities,
contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees
and costs of defense and investigation), amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Company Claims)
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken
from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending
or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto, to which any of them may become subject insofar as such
Company Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof): (a) arise out of or are based upon any
untrue statement or untrue statement of a material fact made by a Subscriber and contained in this Agreement or (b) arise out of or are
based upon any breach by a Subscriber of any representation, warranty, or agreement made by such Subscriber contained herein. Provided,
however, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event shall the liability of any Subscriber pursuant to this Section exceed
the amount of the Note that such Subscriber purchases pursuant to this Agreement.

(b)
The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Subscriber and its officers, directors, members, shareholders, partners, representatives,
employees and agents, successors and assigns, and each other person, if any, who controls such Subscriber within the meaning of the Securities
Act against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including,
without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees and costs of defense and investigation), amounts paid in settlement
or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Subscriber Claims) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or
governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified
party is or may be a party thereto, to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Subscriber Claims (or actions or proceedings,
whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any blue sky application or other document executed
by the Company specifically for that purpose or based upon written information furnished by the Company filed in any state or other jurisdiction
in order to qualify any or all of the Notes (or securities issuable upon conversion of the Notes) under the securities laws thereof (any
such application, document or information herein called a Blue Sky Application); (ii) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact made by the Company in this Agreement; (iii) arise out of or are based upon any breach by the Company
of any representation, warranty, or agreement made by me contained herein or in the Note; or (iv) any violation by the Company or its
agents of any rule or regulation promulgated under the Securities Act applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action
or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration; and will reimburse such Subscriber, and each such officer,
director or member and each such controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating
or defending any such Claim or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case if and to
the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
or omission or alleged omission so made in conformity with information furnished by such Subscriber or any such controlling person to
the Company.

5

3.02
Addresses and Notices. All notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered
or permitted under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to be delivered and received by the intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on
the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the personal delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered
mail return receipt requested, two (2) business days after being mailed, or (iii) if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges
having been prepaid), on the business day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the overnight courier service of recognized
standing). If any notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address
of which no notice was given (in accordance with this Section 3.02, or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request,
instruction or other communication shall be deemed received on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit
of the sender). All such notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the following addresses
or facsimile numbers as applicable:

If
to the Company to: 

IR-Med,
Inc.

[Address]

If
to the Subscriber, to the address set forth on the signature page annexed hereto.

Any
such person may by notice given in accordance with this Section 3.02 to the other parties hereto designate another address or
person for receipt by such person of notices hereunder.

3.03
Titles and Captions. All Article and Section titles or captions in this Agreement are for convenience only. They shall not be
deemed part of this Agreement and do not in any way define, limit, extend or describe the scope or intent of any provisions hereof.

6

3.04
Assignability. This Agreement is not transferable or assignable by the undersigned.

3.05
Pronouns and Plurals. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun used herein shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine
or neuter forms. The singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa.

3.06
Further Action. The parties shall execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or forbear from taking all
such action as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. Each party shall bear its own expenses in connection
therewith.

3.07
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York County, State of New
York and will be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws of the
State of New York. The Company and the Subscriber (i) agree that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waive any proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the New York State
Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action
or proceeding. The Company and the Subscriber further agree to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served
in any such suit action or proceeding brought in the New York State Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York and agree that service of process upon it mailed by certified mail to its address shall be
deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it in any suit, action or proceeding.

3.08
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs,
administrators, successors, legal representatives, personal representatives, permitted transferees and permitted assigns. If the undersigned
is more than one person, the obligation of the undersigned shall be joint and several and the agreements, representations, warranties
and acknowledgments herein contained shall be deemed to be made by and be binding upon each such person and such persons heirs,
executors, administrators and successors.

3.09
Integration. This Agreement, together with the remainder of the Subscription Documents of which this Agreement forms a part, constitutes
the entire agreement among the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior and contemporaneous
agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, pertaining thereto. No covenant, representation or condition not expressed in
this Agreement shall affect or be deemed to interpret, change or restrict the express provisions hereof.

3.10
Amendment. This Agreement may be modified or amended only with the written approval of all parties.

3.11
Creditors. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of or enforceable by creditors of any party.

3.12
Waiver. No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, agreement, term or condition of this Agreement
or to exercise any right or remedy available upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or of such or any other
covenant, agreement, term or condition.

3.13
Rights and Remedies. The rights and remedies of each of the parties hereunder shall be mutually exclusive, and the implementation
of one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall not preclude the implementation of any other provision.

3.14
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy
of this Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall
create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and
effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

[Remainder
of the Page Intentionally Blank]

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Agreement on this ___ day of ___________, 20__.

Signature
of Subscriber:

By:_______________________________________

Name:

Title:

_____________________________________

Print
Name of Subscriber

__________________________________________ 

Social
Security Number(s) or EIN 

Mailing
Address of Subscriber(s) Residence
of Subscriber(s)

__________________________________________ _____________________________________

Street Street

____________________________________________ _____________________________________

City
State Zip Code City
State Zip Code

If
Joint Ownership, check one: 

Joint Tenants with Right of Survivorship 

Tenants-in-Common

Tenants by the Entirety

Community Property 

Other (specify): 

$________________________________________

Aggregate Subscription Amount

FOREGOING
SUBSCRIPTION ACCEPTED:

IR-MED
INC.

By:_________________________________________

Name:

Title:

8

Exhibit
A

IR-MED,
INC.

SUBSCRIBER
QUESTIONNAIRE

IR-MED,
INC.

Gentlemen:

The
information contained herein is being furnished to IR-Med, Inc. (the Company) in order for the Company to determine
whether the undersigneds subscription for Convertible Promissory Notes (the Notes) therein may be accepted
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and Regulation D promulgated
thereunder (Regulation D). The undersigned understands that (i) the Company will rely upon the following information
for purposes of complying with Federal and applicable state securities laws, (ii) the Notes will not be registered under the Securities
Act in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D, and (iii) this
questionnaire is not an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes, or any other securities, to the undersigned.

The
following representations and information are furnished herewith:

1.
Qualification As An Accredited Investor. Please check the categories applicable to you indicating the basis upon which
you qualify as an Accredited Investor for purposes of the Securities Act and Regulation D thereunder.

Individual
with Net Worth In Excess of $1.0 Million. A natural person (not an entity) whose net worth, or joint net worth with his or her
spouse, at the time of purchase exceeds $1,000,000. (Explanation: In calculating your net worth, you must exclude the value of your
primary residence. This means you must exclude both the equity in your primary residence and any mortgage or other debt secured by
your primary residence up to the fair market value of your primary residence; provided, however, that any indebtedness secured by
your primary residence that (i) you have incurred in the 60 day period prior to the date of your subscription to the Company or (ii)
is in excess of the fair market value of your primary residence should be considered a liability and deducted from your aggregate
net worth. In calculating your net worth, you may include your equity in personal property and real estate (excluding your primary
residence), cash, short-term investments, stock and securities. Your inclusion of equity in personal property and real estate (excluding
your primary residence) should be based on the fair market value of such property less debt secured by such property.)

Individual
with a $200,000 Individual Annual Income. A natural person (not an entity) who had an individual income of more than $200,000
in each of the preceding two calendar years, and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year.

Individual
with a $300,000 Joint Annual Income. A natural person (not an entity) who had joint income with his or her spouse in excess of
$300,000 in each of the preceding two calendar years, and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current
year.

Corporations
or Partnerships. A corporation, partnership, or similar entity that has in excess of $5 million of assets and was not formed
for the specific purpose of acquiring Notes in the Company.

Revocable
Trust. A trust that is revocable by its grantors and each of whose grantors is an accredited investor. (If this category
is checked, please also check the additional category or categories under which the grantor qualifies as an accredited investor.)

Irrevocable
Trust. A trust (other than an ERISA plan) that (i) is not revocable by its grantors, (ii) has in excess of $5 million of assets,
(iii) was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring Notes, and (iv) is directed by a person who has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters that such person is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company.

9

IRA
or Similar Benefit Plan. An IRA, Keogh or similar benefit plan that covers a natural person who is an accredited investor.(If
this category is checked, please also check the additional category or categories under which the natural person covered by the IRA
or plan qualifies as an accredited investor.)

Participant-Directed
Employee Benefit Plan Account. A participant-directed employee benefit plan investing at the direction of, and for the account
of, a participant who is an accredited investor.(If this category is checked, please also check the additional category or categories
under which the participant qualifies as an accredited investor.)

Other
ERISA Plan. An employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the ERISA Act other than a participant-directed
plan with total assets in excess of $5 million or for which investment decisions (including the decision to purchase an Interest)
are made by a bank, registered investment adviser, savings and loan association, or insurance company.

Government
Benefit Plan. A plan established and maintained by a state, municipality, or any agency of a state or municipality, for the benefit
of its employees, with total assets in excess of $5 million.

Non-Profit
Entity. An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, with total assets in excess
of $5 million (including endowment, annuity and life income funds), as shown by the organizations most recent audited financial
statements.

Other
Institutional Investor (check one). 

A
bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act (whether acting for its own account or in a fiduciary capacity);

A
savings and loan association or similar institution, as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act (whether acting for its
own account or in a fiduciary capacity;

A
broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

An
insurance company, as defined in section 2(13) of the Securities Act; 

A
business development company, as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the Investment Company Act; 

A
small business investment company licensed under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended;
or

A
private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

Executive
Officer or Director. A natural person who is an executive officer, director or managing member of the Company.

Entity
Owned Entirely By Accredited Investors. A corporation, partnership, private investment company or similar entity each
of whose equity owners is an accredited investor.(If this category is checked, please also check the additional category or categories
under which each equity owner qualifies as an accredited investor.)

I
do not qualify for any of the above. 

10

2.
Representations and Warranties By Limited Liability Companies, Corporations, Partnerships, Trusts and Estates

If
the Subscriber is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or trust, the Subscriber and each person signing on behalf of
Subscriber certifies that the following responses are accurate and complete:

Was
the undersigned organized or reorganized for the specific purpose, or for the purpose among other purposes, of acquiring interests
in the Company?

Yes
No

Will
the Subscriber, at any time, invest more than 40% of Subscribers assets in the Company?

Yes
No

Under
the Subscribing entitys governing documents and in practice, are the Subscribing entitys investment decisions based
on the investment objectives of the Subscribing entity and its owners generally and not on the particular investment objectives of
any one or more of its individual owners?

Yes
No

Does
any individual shareholder, partner or member or group of shareholders, partners or members of the undersigned have the right to
elect whether or not to participate in the investment of the Subscribing entity in the Company or to determine the level of participation
of such partner or group therein?

Yes
No

Is
the Subscribing entity authorized and qualified to become a note holder of the Company and does the Subscribing entity and the undersigned
hereto further represent and warrant that such signatory has been duly authorized by the Subscribing entity to execute the Subscription
Documents?

Yes
No

Is
the undersigned a private investment company which is not registered under the Investment Company Act, as amended, in reliance on
Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof?

Yes
No

3.
Taxpayer ID Number; No Backup Withholding; Not a Foreign Person or Entity 

If
Subscriber is a non-U.S. person or entity, allocations of Company income may be subject to withholding and taxation under
the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (Code). Subscriber acknowledges that it may be required to file U.S. income
tax returns. If the Subscriber is a foreign corporation, foreign partnership, foreign trust or foreign estate (as those terms are defined
in the Code and the regulations thereunder), please contact the Company. The Subscriber understands that the information contained in
this item may be disclosed to the Internal Revenue Service by the Company and that any false statement contained in this item could be
punished by fine, imprisonment or both.

Subscriber
certifies that the taxpayer identification number being supplied herewith by Subscriber is Subscribers correct taxpayer identification
number and that Subscriber is not subject to backup withholding under Section 3406 of the Code and the regulations thereunder?

Yes
No

Subscriber
certifies that Subscriber is not a Non-U.S. person or, if an entity, that Subscribing entity is not a foreign corporation,
foreign partnership, foreign trust or foreign estate, as those terms are defined the Code and the regulations thereunder.

Yes
No

If
Subscribers non-foreign status changes or if any other information in this item changes, Subscriber agrees to notify the Company
within 30 days thereafter.

Yes
No

To
the best of my information and belief, the above information supplied by me is true and correct in all respects.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

11

Exhibit
B

CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE

See
attached.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES MAY CONVERT HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A
UNDER SAID ACT.

IR-MED,
INC.

UNSECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

$[]
March
26, 2025

1.
Principal and Interest.

1.1
IR-Med, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
for value received, hereby promises to pay to the order of [] (the Holder) the amount of up to $10,400. This
Convertible Promissory Note (the Note) shall bear simple interest at the rate of 10% per annum from the date of
issuance until repayment of the Note or conversion of the Note as set forth in Section 3 hereof. Interest on this Note shall be
computed on the basis of a 365 day year and actual days elapsed. This Note is issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreements by and
between the Company and certain investors, including that certain Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and Holder dated as of
March 26, 2025, as it may be amended from time to time (the Purchase Agreement).

1.2
The outstanding principal amount of and all accrued
but unpaid interest on this Note shall be due upon the earlier of (i) March 26, 2026 or (ii) upon the Companys raising aggregate
gross proceeds of not less than $100,000 in an equity or debt financing, unless earlier repaid or converted (the Maturity Date).
The Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the Holder in any action brought
to enforce the terms of this Note.

1.3
Upon conversion or repayment of this Note as provided
herein, this Note shall be terminated and surrendered to the Company for cancellation.

2.
Prepayment. The principal amount due under this
Note may not be prepaid by the Company without the written consent of the Holders of a majority of the principal amount of all outstanding
Note (the Majority Holders); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company may pay any accrued
but unpaid interest due under this Note at any time.

3.
Conversion. If on the one-year anniversary of
the issuance date of this Note, the principal balance of the Note and all accrued and unpaid interest is not yet repaid or converted
pursuant to Section 1, then the Holder may elect to convert the unpaid principal balance of the Note and all accrued an unpaid interest
into shares of the Companys common stock (the Common Stock) at a price per share equal to eighty-five percent
(85%) of the closing price of the Common Stock on Trading Market as of the Maturity Date (such shares referred to as the Conversion
Stock). On the date of conversion of this Note, the outstanding principal amount of and all accrued but unpaid interest on
this Note through the date of conversion shall be converted without any further action by the Holder and whether or not the Note is surrendered
to the Company. The Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the shares of Conversion Stock (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement) unless (a) this Note is delivered to the Company or the Holder notifies the Company that this Note has been lost,
stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in connection
with this Note and (b) the Holder has executed such documents and agreements as are required of other holders of capital stock in such
transaction. Conversion Stock shall be issued as book entry shares and no physical certificates shall be issued. No fractional shares
of Conversion Stock shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of such fractional shares, the Company shall round to the nearest
share with each half share rounded up to the nearest share. Trading Market means any of the following markets or
exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: OTCQB, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital
Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

4.
Events of Default. If there shall be any Event
of Default (as defined below), at the option and upon the declaration of the Majority Holders and upon written notice to the Company
(which election and notice shall not be required in the case of an Event of Default under clauses (b) or (c) below), this Note shall
accelerate and the entire principal amount of and all accrued but unpaid interest on this Note shall become due and payable. The occurrence
of any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: (a) the Company fails to pay timely any
of the principal amount of or any accrued interest or other amounts due under this Note on the date the same become due and payable;
(b) the Company files any petition or action for relief under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or moratorium law or any other
law for the relief of, or relating to, debtors, now or hereafter in effect, or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or takes
any corporate action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; (c) an involuntary petition is filed against the Company (unless such petition
is dismissed or discharged within ninety (90) days under any bankruptcy statute now or hereafter in effect, or a custodian, receiver,
trustee, assignee for the benefit of creditors (or other similar official) is appointed to take possession, custody or control of any
property of the Company; or (d) there shall be a dissolution or termination of existence of the Companys business for a continuous
period of twenty (20) days.

5.
Assignment. Subject to the restrictions on transfer
described in Section 7 hereof, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder of this Note shall be binding upon and benefit
the successors, assigns, heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties. Effective upon any such assignment, any party to whom
such rights, interests and obligations were assigned by the Holder shall have all of the Holders rights, interests and obligations
hereunder as if such party were the original Holder of this Note.

6.
Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Note
may be amended and the observance of any term of this Note may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Majority Holders. Any amendment or waiver so effected shall be
binding upon each holder of any securities purchased under the Purchase Agreements (including the Note) at the time outstanding (including
securities into which such securities have been converted), each future holder of all such securities and the Company. The Holder acknowledges
that by the operation of this Section 6 the Majority Holders will have the right and power to diminish or eliminate all rights of such
Holder under this Note.

7.
Transfer of this Note or Conversion Stock. Subject
to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, the Holder may transfer this Note and the Conversion Stock by delivering
to the Company notice and a brief description of the proposed transfer along with any investment representation letter and legal opinion
that may be requested by the Company. This Note and the Conversion Stock so transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions
on transferability in order to ensure compliance with federal and state securities laws, unless the Company determines that such legend
is not required in order to ensure compliance with such federal and state securities laws. The Company may issue stop transfer instructions
to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions.

2

8.
Notices. All notices required or permitted hereunder
shall be given as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

9.
Ranking.

9.1
The Company and the Holder each expressly acknowledge
and agree that the Note represent senior unsecured obligations of the Company and that the indebtedness evidenced by this Note ranks
pari passu in right of payments to any of the Companys unsubordinated unsecured debt outstanding as of the date hereof and to
any unsubordinated unsecured debt incurred by the Company after the date hereof. Further, the Holder acknowledges and agrees that the
payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and all interest hereon shall be pari passu in right of
payment and in all other respects to any other Note. In the event Holder receives payments in excess of its pro rata share of the Companys
payments to the holders of all of the Note, then Holder shall hold in trust all such excess payments for the benefit of the holders of
the other Note and shall pay such amounts held in trust to such other holders upon demand by such holders.

9.2
The indebtedness evidenced by the Note is hereby expressly
subordinated in right of payment to the prior infeasible payment in full of Senior Indebtedness. Senior Indebtedness
means, unless expressly subordinated to or made on a parity with the amounts due under this Note, the principal of (and premium, if any),
unpaid interest on and amounts reimbursable, fees, expenses, costs of enforcement and other amounts due in connection with, (i) indebtedness
of the Company for borrowed money, the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables), reimbursement obligations
under letters of credit, and obligations incurred for cash management, payment processing and similar services, and guaranties of the
foregoing, to banks, commercial finance lenders, venture lenders or other lending entities regularly engaged in the business of lending
money (excluding (A) any indebtedness convertible into equity securities of the Company and (B) indebtedness in connection with capital
leases or operating leases used solely for the purchase, finance or acquisition of equipment and where such indebtedness is secured solely
by such equipment), and (ii) any extension, refinancing, renewal, replacement, defeasance or refunding of any indebtedness described
in clause (i).

10.
No Stockholder Rights. This Note shall not confer
upon the Holder any rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote, consent or receive notice
as a stockholder in respect of actions or meetings of stockholders, or the right to receive dividends, until this Note has been converted.

11.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought
by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts
of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county of New York.

12.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of
a certificate for shares of Conversion Stock upon the conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which expenses shall be paid by the Company.

13.
Loss, Theft or Destruction of Note. Upon receipt
by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft or destruction of this Note and of indemnity or security
reasonably satisfactory to it, the Company shall issue and deliver, in lieu of this Note, a new Note which shall carry the same rights
to interest carried by this Note, stating that such new Note is issued in replacement of this Note, making reference to the original
date of issuance of this Note (and any successors hereto) and dated as of such cancellation.

3

14.
Usury. This Note is hereby expressly limited
so that in no event whatsoever shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Holder hereunder exceed that permissible under applicable
law. If at any time the performance of any provision of this Note involves a payment exceeding the limit that may be validly charged
under applicable law, then the obligation to be performed shall be automatically reduced to such limit.

15.
Issue Date. The provisions of this Note shall
be construed and shall be given effect in all respects as if this Note had been issued and delivered by the Company on the earlier of
the date hereof or the date of issuance of any Note for which this Note is issued in replacement.

16.
Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles
used herein are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Note.

17.
Delays. No delay by the Holder in exercising
any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any power or right.

18.
Severability. If any provision of this Note is
held to be illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Note and the balance of this Note
shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

[remainder
of this page intentionally left blank]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be issued as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

IR-MED,
INC. By 

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

IR-MED,
INC. CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

SIGNATURE
PAGE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>irme-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>irme-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>irme-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56492

Entity Registrant Name IR-MED,
INC

Entity Central Index Key 0001839133

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4516398

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One ZHR
Industrial Zone

Entity Address, City or Town Rosh Pina

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 1231400

City Area Code +
972

Local Phone Number 4-655-5054

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ir-medical.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
irme-20250326.xsd 
irme-20250326_lab.xml 
irme-20250326_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002067-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001839133 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001839133 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
IR-MED, INC 
NV 
000-56492 
84-4516398 
ZHR Industrial Zone 
Rosh Pina 
IL 
1231400 
+ 972 
4-655-5054 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>