<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-051063.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-051063.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310165444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-051063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hercules Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001280784
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				743113410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00702
		FILM NUMBER:		25724572

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 NORTH B STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-289-3060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 NORTH B STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2000
		CITY:			SAN MATEO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERCULES TECHNOLOGY GROWTH CAPITAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d931396d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001280784CA00012807842025-03-102025-03-100001280784htgc:CommonStockParValueZeroPointZeroZeroOnePerShareMember2025-03-102025-03-100001280784us-gaap:DeferrableNotesMember2025-03-102025-03-10iso4217:USD

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025

Hercules Capital, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Maryland 

814-00702 

74-3113410

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File No.) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1 North B Street, Suite 2000 

San Mateo, 

CA 

94401

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (650) 

289-3060

Not Applicable 

(Former name or address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share HTGC New York Stock Exchange

6.25% Notes due 2033 HCXY New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter) 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 10, 2025, in connection with a previously announced offering, Hercules Capital, Inc. (the Company) issued $287.5 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Convertible Unsecured Notes due 2028 (the Convertible Notes), inclusive of $37.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the initial purchasers exercise of its overallotment option in full. The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The sale of the Convertible Notes generated net proceeds of approximately $278.39 million, after deducting discounts, commission and expenses payable by the Company. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering (i) to fund investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with its investment objective and (ii) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

The Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per year payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of 

each year, commencing on September 1, 2025. 

The Convertible Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes; equal in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

Holders may convert their Convertible Notes, at their option, from March 1, 2028 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 1, 2028, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at their option only under certain circumstances set forth in the Indenture. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, at the Companys election, cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, subject to an irrevocable settlement method election that may be made by the Company. The Convertible Notes will be convertible at an initial conversion rate of 46.5631 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $21.48 per share of the Companys common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

The Company will not have the right to redeem the Convertible Notes at its option prior to maturity. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. In addition, if certain corporate events occur in respect of the Company, holders of the Convertible Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest through, but excluding, the required repurchase date. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Convertible Notes and the Trustee if the Company ceases to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 

The Company offered and sold the Convertible Notes to the initial purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for resale by the initial purchasers to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in the Securities Act) pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 144A and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Company relied on these exemptions from registration based in part on representations made by the initial purchasers in connection with the sale of the Convertible Notes. 

The foregoing description of the Indenture and the Convertible Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture (including the Form of 4.750% Convertible Note due 2028), filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

This Current Report on Form 

8-K is not an offer to sell any securities of the Company and is not soliciting an offer to buy such securities in any state where such offer and sale is not permitted. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Form 

8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Form 

8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the offering of the Convertible Notes. This press release is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 

8-K.

The information disclosed under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. The furnishing of this information pursuant to Item 7.01 shall not be deemed an admission by the Company as to t

he materiality of su

ch information. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

4.1 Indenture, dated March 10, 2025, between Hercules Capital, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee 

4.2 Form of 4.750% Convertible Note Due 2028 (included as part of Exhibit 4.1) 

99.1 Press Release of Hercules Capital, Inc., dated March 10, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC.

March 10, 2025 By: 

/s/ Seth H. Meyer

Seth H. Meyer

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d931396dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

Execution Version 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 

AND 

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of
March 10, 2025 

4.750% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 Definitions 1 

Section 1.02 References to Interest 12 

ARTICLE 2 ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATIONAND EXCHANGEOF
NOTES 

Section 2.01 Designation and Amount 12 

Section 2.02 Form of Notes 12 

Section 2.03 Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts 13 

Section 2.04 Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 15 

Section 2.05 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary 16 

Section 2.06 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 21 

Section 2.07 Temporary Notes 22 

Section 2.08 Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. 22 

Section 2.09 CUSIP Numbers 23 

Section 2.10 Additional Notes; Repurchases 23 

ARTICLE 3 SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE 

Section 3.01 Satisfaction and Discharge 23 

ARTICLE 4 PARTICULAR COVENANTSOFTHE COMPANY 

Section 4.01 Payment of Principal and Interest 24 

Section 4.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency 24 

Section 4.03 Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 25 

Section 4.04 Provisions as to Paying Agent 25 

Section 4.05 Existence 26 

Section 4.06 Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 26 

Section 4.07 Investment Company Act 28 

Section 4.08 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 28 

Section 4.09 Statement as to Compliance 28 

Section 4.10 Further Instruments and Acts 28 

ARTICLE 5 LISTSOF HOLDERSAND REPORTSBYTHE COMPANYANDTHE TRUSTEE 

Section 5.01 Lists of Holders 29 

Section 5.02 Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 29 

i 

ARTICLE 6 DEFAULTSAND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01 Events of Default 29 

Section 6.02 Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 30 

Section 6.03 Additional Interest 31 

Section 6.04 Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 32 

Section 6.05 Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 33 

Section 6.06 Proceedings by Holders 34 

Section 6.07 Proceedings by Trustee 35 

Section 6.08 Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 35 

Section 6.09 Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 36 

Section 6.10 Notice of Defaults 36 

Section 6.11 Undertaking to Pay Costs 36 

ARTICLE 7 CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01 Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 37 

Section 7.02 Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. 39 

Section 7.03 No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. 40 

Section 7.04 Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Custodian Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes 40 

Section 7.05 Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust 40 

Section 7.06 Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 40 

Section 7.07 Officers Certificate as Evidence 41 

Section 7.08 Eligibility of Trustee 42 

Section 7.09 Resignation or Removal of Trustee 42 

Section 7.10 Acceptance by Successor Trustee 43 

Section 7.11 Succession by Merger, Etc. 44 

Section 7.12 Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 44 

ARTICLE 8 CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS 

Section 8.01 Action by Holders 44 

Section 8.02 Proof of Execution by Holders 45 

Section 8.03 Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 45 

Section 8.04 Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 45 

Section 8.05 Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 46 

ARTICLE 9 HOLDERS MEETINGS 

Section 9.01 Purpose of Meetings 46 

Section 9.02 Call of Meetings by Trustee 46 

Section 9.03 Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 47 

Section 9.04 Qualifications for Voting 47 

Section 9.05 Regulations 47 

Section 9.06 Voting 48 

Section 9.07 No Delay of Rights by Meeting 48 

ii 

ARTICLE 10 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 

Section 10.01 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 48 

Section 10.02 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 49 

Section 10.03 Effect of Supplemental Indentures 50 

Section 10.04 Notation on Notes 50 

Section 10.05 Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee 50 

ARTICLE 11 CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCEAND LEASE 

Section 11.01 Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 51 

Section 11.02 Successor Corporation to Be Substituted 51 

Section 11.03 Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee 52 

ARTICLE 12 IMMUNITYOF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERSAND DIRECTORS 

Section 12.01 Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 52 

ARTICLE 13 CONVERSIONOF NOTES 

Section 13.01 Conversion Privilege 52 

Section 13.02 Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion 55 

Section 13.03 Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes 59 

Section 13.04 Adjustment of Conversion Rate 61 

Section 13.05 Adjustments of Prices 70 

Section 13.06 Shares to Be Fully Paid 70 

Section 13.07 Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. 70 

Section 13.08 Certain Covenants 72 

Section 13.09 Responsibility of Trustee 73 

Section 13.10 Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions 73 

Section 13.11 Stockholder Rights Plans 74 

ARTICLE 14 REPURCHASEOF NOTESAT OPTIONOF HOLDERS 

Section 14.01 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 74 

Section 14.02 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 77 

Section 14.03 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 77 

Section 14.04 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 78 

ARTICLE 15 NO REDEMPTION 

Section 15.01 No Redemption 79 

iii 

ARTICLE 16 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 16.01 Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 79 

Section 16.02 Official Acts by Successor Corporation 79 

Section 16.03 Addresses for Notices, Etc. 79 

Section 16.04 Governing Law 80 

Section 16.05 Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 80 

Section 16.06 Legal Holidays 81 

Section 16.07 No Security Interest Created 81 

Section 16.08 Benefits of Indenture 81 

Section 16.09 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 81 

Section 16.10 Authenticating Agent 81 

Section 16.11 Execution in Counterparts 82 

Section 16.12 Severability 83 

Section 16.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 83 

Section 16.14 Force Majeure 83 

Section 16.15 Calculations 83 

Section 16.16 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 83 

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit A Form of Note A-1

iv 

INDENTURE dated as of March 10, 2025 between HERCULES CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland
corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee, as more fully set
forth in Section 1.01). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 4.750% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the
Notes), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $287,500,000, and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized
the execution and delivery of this Indenture; and 

WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the certificate of authentication to be borne by each Note,
the Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a
duly authorized authenticating agent, as provided in this Indenture, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and performed, and the execution of this
Indenture and the issue hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized. 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in
consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes
(except as otherwise provided below), as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the
context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof, hereunder,
and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular unless the context otherwise requires. 

Additional Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03, as
applicable. Except when the context requires otherwise, references to interest payable by the Company in this Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest. 

Additional Shares shall have the meaning specified in
Section 13.03(a). 

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the
foregoing. 

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Person appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of
the Notes in accordance with Section 13.01(b)(i). U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act for it
hereunder. 

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee. 

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Capital Stock means, for
any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity. 

Cash Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.02(a). 

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

close of business means 5:00 p.m. New York City time. 

Combination Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.02(a). 

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election
of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person. 

2 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per
share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 13.07. 

Company shall have the meaning specified in the
first paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns. 

Company Order means a written order of the Company, signed by (a) the Companys Chief Executive Officer,
President, Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title Vice President) and (b) any such other Officer designated in clause
(a) of this definition or the Companys Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, and delivered to the Trustee. 

Concurrent Supplemental Dividend shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(d). 

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.02(c). 

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.01(a). 

Conversion Price means as of any date, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such date. 

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.01(a). 

Corporate Trust Office means the principal office of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be
administered, which office at the date hereof for purposes of Section 4.02 only is located at 111 Fillmore Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55107 , Attention: Hercules Capital, Inc. Convertible Notes Due 2028, and for all other purposes is located at 60
Livingston Ave, Saint Paul, MN 55107, Attention: Hercules Capital, Inc. Convertible Notes Due 2028, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust
office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company). 

Credit Facility means one or more credit agreements, including the existing credit facilities, loan agreements or similar
facilities, secured or unsecured, providing for revolving credit loans, term loans and/or letters of credit, entered into from time to time by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries, as the same may be amended, supplemented, modified, restated
or replaced from time to time. 

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, with
respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto. 

3 

Daily Conversion Value means, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days
during the Observation Period, one-twentieth of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP on such Trading Day. 

Daily Measurement Value means the Specified Dollar Amount, if any, divided by 20. 

Daily Settlement Amount, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, shall consist of: 

(a) cash equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value; and 

(b) if the Daily Conversion Value exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference
between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day. 

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the applicable Observation Period, the per share
volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page HTGC AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled
open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day determined, using
a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the
regular trading session trading hours. 

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or both,
would be, an Event of Default. 

Default Settlement Method will initially be Combination Settlement with a specified
dollar amount of $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that the Company may, from time to time, change the Default Settlement Method by delivering written notice of the new Default Settlement Method to holders, the
Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), subject to Section 13.02(a)(iii). 

Defaulted Amounts
means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, principal and interest) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for. 

Depositary means, with respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with
respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor. 

Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

Dividend Threshold shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(d). 

4 

EDGAR shall having the meaning specified in Section 4.06(b). 

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.03(c). 

Events of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 

Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on
the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the
form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Form of Assignment and Transfer shall
mean the Form of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall mean the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice
attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Notice of Conversion shall mean the
Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Fundamental
Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs: 

(a) a
person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries, has become the direct or indirect
beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of the Companys Common Equity representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Companys Common Equity and files a
Schedule 13D or Schedule TO or any other schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing such beneficial ownership; 

(b) the
consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination or a change solely in par value) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted
into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property; or
(C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one of the
Companys Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described in clause (A) or (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or
indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions as such ownership immediately prior to
such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b); 

5 

(c) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or
dissolution of the Company; or 

(d) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of
The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) for a period of 20 consecutive Trading Days; 

provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least
90% of the consideration received or to be received by the common stockholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of Publicly Traded Securities, and
as a result of this transaction or transactions the Notes become convertible into such Publicly Traded Securities, excluding cash payments for fractional shares (subject to the provisions of Section 13.02(a)). 

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(c). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 

Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b). 

Holder, as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term beneficial holder), shall mean
any person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register. 

Indenture means this
instrument as originally executed or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented. 

Initial
Purchasers means Jefferies LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

Interest Payment Date means each
March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2025. 

Investment Company Act means the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

6 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on any date means the
closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite
transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is traded. The Last Reported Sale Price will be determined without reference to after-hours trading or extended market trading.
If the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted, the Last Reported
Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment
banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. 

Limitation shall have the meaning specified in
Section 13.02(k). 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental
Change (as defined in clauses (a), (b) or (d) in the definition thereof and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof).

Market Disruption Event means (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or
market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common
Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the
Common Stock or in any options, contracts or future contracts relating to the Common Stock. 

Maturity Date means
September 1, 2028. 

Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.01(b)(i). 

Merger Common Stock shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.07(e)(i). 

Merger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.07(a). 

Merger Valuation Percentage for any Merger Event shall be equal to (x) the arithmetic average of the Last Reported
Sale Prices of one share of such Merger Common Stock over the relevant Merger Valuation Period (determined as if references to Common Stock in the definition of Last Reported Sale Price were references to the Merger
Common Stock for such Merger Event), divided by (y) the arithmetic average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of one share of Common Stock over the relevant Merger Valuation Period. 

Merger Valuation Period for any Merger Event means the five consecutive Trading Day period immediately preceding, but
excluding, the effective date for such Merger Event. 

7 

Note or Notes shall have the meaning specified in the
first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture. 

Notes Fungibility Date means the date, if any, following the Resale
Restriction Termination Date on which all of the Rule 144A Notes and all of the Regulation S Notes are no longer Restricted Securities, do not bear the restrictive legend required by Section 2.05(c), are fungible for U.S. securities law
purposes and are assigned an identical, unrestricted CUSIP number. 

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in
Section 2.05(a). 

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a). 

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.02(b). 

Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means: (i) if the relevant Conversion Date
occurs prior to March 1, 2028, the 20 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day after such Conversion Date; and (ii) if the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after March 1, 2028, the 20
consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 

Offering Memorandum means the preliminary offering memorandum dated March 5, 2025, as supplemented by the pricing term
sheet dated March 5, 2025, relating to the offering and sale of the Notes. 

Officer means, with respect to the
Company, the President, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer (or any Assistant Treasurer), the Secretary (or any Assistant Secretary) or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word
or words added before or after the title Vice President). 

Officers Certificate, when used with
respect to the Company, means a certificate that is delivered to the Trustee and that is signed by (a) two Officers of the Company or (b) one Officer of the Company and one of the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary, any
Assistant Secretary or the Controller of the Company. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in Section 16.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section. One of the Officers giving an Officers
Certificate pursuant to Section 4.09 shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the Company. 

open
of business means 9:00 a.m. New York City time. 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by
legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, or other counsel acceptable to the Trustee, that is delivered to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 16.05 if and to the extent
required by the provisions of such Section 16.05. 

8 

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the
provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except: 

(a) Notes theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation; 

(b) Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been
deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent); 

(c) Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have
been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in due course; 

(d) Notes converted pursuant to Article 13 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08; and 

(e) Notes repurchased by the Company and surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to the last sentence of Section 2.10. 

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a
joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof 

Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and
multiples thereof. 

Physical Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.02(a). 

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that
evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same
debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces. 

Publicly Traded Securities means shares of
common stock that are listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection
with a Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition thereof. 

Purchase Agreement means that
certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2025, among the Company and the Initial Purchasers. 

9 

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other
transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or other applicable security) is exchanged for or converted into any
combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or
otherwise). 

Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.07(a). 

Regular Record Date, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, shall mean the February 15 or August 15 (whether
or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable March 1 or September 1 Interest Payment Date, respectively. 

Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act or any successor to such regulation. 

Regulation S Notes means the Notes initially offered and sold outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S. 

Resale Restriction Termination Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the
Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time
shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such Persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this
Indenture. 

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Restricted Transfer Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.06(d). 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A Notes means the notes initially offered and sold pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional
securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 13.02(a)(iv). 

10 

Settlement Method means, with respect to any conversion of Notes,
Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company. 

Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in Section 13.02(a)(iii). 

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that meets the definition of significant subsidiary in
Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act. 

Specified Dollar Amount means the maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be received upon conversion
as specified in the Settlement Notice related to any converted Notes. 

Spin-Off
shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in
Section 13.03(c). 

Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, any corporation, association, limited liability
company, partnership or other business entity that is consolidated in the Companys most recent financial results. 

Successor Company shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a). 

Trading Day means a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or,
if the Common Stock is not then listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or
regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock is available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common
Stock is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day; and provided, further, that for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only, Trading Day means a day on which
(x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S.
national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed
or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Trading Price of the Notes on any date of determination means the average of the secondary market bid quotations obtained
by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $5 million principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities dealers the Company selects and whose
names the Company provides to the Bid Solicitation Agent; provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only
one such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. If the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one bid for $5 million principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized
securities dealer, then the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the applicable Conversion Rate. 

11 

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, as it was in force at the date of execution of this
Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent required by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of
1939, as so amended. 

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this
Indenture until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder. 

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.07(a). 

U.S. Person shall have the meaning as such term is defined under Regulation S. 

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.04(c). 

Section 1.02 References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any
Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03. Unless the context otherwise requires, any
express mention of Additional Interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. 

ARTICLE 2 

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATIONAND
EXCHANGEOF NOTES

Section 2.01 Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be
designated as the 4.750% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is initially limited to $287,500,000, subject to Section 2.10 and
except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes pursuant to Section 2.05, Section 2.06, Section 10.04, Section 13.02 and Section 14.03. 

Section 2.02 Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be
substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by
their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. 

12 

Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends
or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and
regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to
which any particular Notes are subject. 

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such
notations, legends or endorsements as the Officers executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with
any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate
any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. 

Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount
of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes
represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect repurchases, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of the Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of
outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with this Indenture. Payment of principal of,
accrued and unpaid interest on, and any other amounts (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) due with respect to, the Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or
other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein. 

Each Note shall bear a legend in substantially the
following form (unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee): 

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE
144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY DURING THE THREE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING MONTHS MAY RESELL THIS NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.

Section 2.03 Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable
in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall bear interest from the date specified on the face of the form of Note
attached as Exhibit A hereto. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. 

13 

(b) The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note
Register at the close of business on any Regular Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date. Interest shall be payable at the office or agency of the Company
maintained by the Company for such purposes, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office. The Company shall pay interest (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders having an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check
mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders having an aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes or, upon application
by a Holder to the Note Registrar not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account within the United States, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder
notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company
may pay interest at its option to any Holder by wire transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account, as specified by such Holder, within the United States. 

(c) Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date by virtue of its having been such
Holder but shall accrue interest per annum at the rate or rates, if any, specified in the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such
Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below: 

(i) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective
Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of the
Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date), and at the same time
the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the
proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted
Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Company shall promptly notify the
Trustee in writing of such special record date and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder
at its address as it appears in 

14 

the Note Register, not less than 10 days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor having been so delivered,
such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause
(ii) of this Section 2.03(c). 

(ii) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful
manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation
system, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee. 

Section 2.04 Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company
by the manual, electronic or facsimile signature of its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer (or Assistant Treasurer), Secretary (or Assistant Secretary) or any of its Vice Presidents. 

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to
the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes and such documents required under Section 16.05 hereof, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and
deliver such Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be obligated to authenticate a Note hereunder unless and until it has received a Company Order in accordance with the terms
hereof. 

The Company Order shall specify the amount of Notes to be authenticated (including the initial amount of Rule 144A Notes and the
initial amount of Regulation S Notes), and the applicable rate at which interest will accrue on such Notes. The Trustee shall thereupon authenticate and deliver said Notes to or upon the written order of the Company (as set forth in such Company
Order). 

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on the form of Note
attached as Exhibit A hereto, executed manually, electronically or by facsimile by a Responsible Officer (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 16.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or
be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered
hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture. 

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any
of the Notes shall cease to be such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the
Person who signed such Notes had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such Persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although
at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such Person was not such an Officer. 

15 

Section 2.05 Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on
Transfer; Depositary. (a) The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the
Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable procedures as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such register shall be in written form or in any form capable
of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Trustee is hereby appointed the Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint
one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02. 

Prior to the Notes
Fungibility Date, upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Rule 144A Note or Regulation S Note, as the case may be, to the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the
requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new
Rule 144A Notes or Regulation S Notes, as the case may be, of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture. Following the Notes Fungibility Date, upon
surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount not
bearing the restrictive legend required by Section 2.05(c). 

Prior to the Notes Fungibility Date, Rule 144A Notes and Regulation S
Notes, as the case may be, may be exchanged for other Rule 144A Notes or Regulation S Notes, as the case may be, of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Rule 144A Notes or Regulation S Notes,
as the case may be, to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Rule 144A Notes or Regulation S Notes, as the case may be, are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Rule 144A Notes or Regulation S Notes, as the case may be, that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not
contemporaneously outstanding. Following the Notes Fungibility Date, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount but not bearing the restrictive legend required by
Section 2.05(c), upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and upon receipt
of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding. 

16 

All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, repurchase
or conversion shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Note
Registrar and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing. 

No service charge shall be charged to the Holder for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company or the Trustee may
require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other similar governmental charge required by law or permitted pursuant to Section 13.02(e). 

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar shall be required to
exchange or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion or (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note,
surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 14. 

All Notes issued upon any registration of any transfer or
exchange of Notes in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or
exchange. 

(b) So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, all
Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global Note) registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note
that does not involve the issuance of a Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the procedures of
the Depositary therefor. Prior to the Notes Fungibility Date, the Rule 144A Notes shall be represented by one or more Global Notes and the Regulation S Notes shall be represented by one or more separate Global Notes. Following the Notes Fungibility
Date, the Rule 144A Notes and the Regulation S Notes may be represented by one or more of the same Global Notes. 

(c) Every Note, and
every share of Common Stock evidenced by a certificate, that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the legend set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (collectively, the Restricted Securities) shall be subject
to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (including the legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each
such Restricted Security, by such Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c), the term transfer encompasses any sale, pledge, transfer or other
disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security. 

Until the date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) that is
the later of (1) the date that is one year after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto, and (2) such later date,
if any, as may be required by applicable law, any certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof), shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Notes or such Common
Stock have been 

17 

transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee, or, in the case of Common
Stock, such Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of Notes that have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of
such transfer): 

THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, ENCUMBERED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, AND NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION. 

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL
INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS (A) A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OR (B) NOT A U.S. PERSON AND LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE
INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. (THE
COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE
HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO, AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

18 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(E) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE
REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE TRANSFER AGENT, IN THE CASE OF ANY COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON CONVERSION OF THE NOTES, RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS,
CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE
AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

No transfer of any Note prior to the Resale
Restriction Termination Date will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked. 

Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance
with their terms may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not
bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(c). The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee upon the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and promptly after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the
Notes or any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has been declared effective under the Securities Act. 

Any such Common Stock
as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms may, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent for the
Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(c). 

19 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture (other than the provisions set forth
in this Section 2.05(c)), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by
the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for transfers of portions of a Global Note in certificated form made upon request of a member of, or a participant in, the
Depositary (for itself or on behalf of a beneficial owner) by written notice given to the Trustee by or on behalf of the Depositary in accordance with customary procedures of the Depositary and only to the extent otherwise permitted by this
Section 2.05(c). 

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act. The Company initially appoints The
Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited with the
Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co. 

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling
or unable to continue as depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not
appointed within 90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and a beneficial owner of the Notes requests that its Notes be issued as Physical Notes, the Company will execute, and the Trustee,
upon receipt of an Officers Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, will authenticate and deliver Physical Notes to each such beneficial owner of the related Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note, in exchange for such Global Note, and upon delivery of the Global Note to the Trustee such Global Note shall be cancelled. 

Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be registered in such names
and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, shall instruct the Trustee. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to
the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered. 

At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted,
cancelled, repurchased or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with standing procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such
cancellation, if any interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, cancelled, repurchased or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such
Global Note, the principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement
shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase. 

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent nor the Conversion Agent (or any agent of the Company, Trustee, Paying Agent or Conversion
Agent) will have any responsibility or liability to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in, the Depositary or any other Person for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial
ownership interests of a Global Note or maintaining, supervising or 

20 

reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. Neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any of their respective agents shall have any responsibility or liability for any
act or omission of the Depositary. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to the Holders in respect of the Notes shall be given or made only to, or upon the order of, the registered Holder(s) (which
shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global Note). The rights of the beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depositary subject to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary. The Trustee may rely
and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Trustee nor the Note Registrar shall be responsible for
ascertaining whether any transfer complies with the registration provisions of, or exemptions from, the Securities Act, applicable state securities laws or other applicable law. 

(e) Any Note that is repurchased or owned by the Company or any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) thereof may not be
resold by the Company or such affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that
results in such Note no longer being restricted securities (as defined under Rule 144 under the Securities Act). 

Section 2.06 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen,
the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon its written request the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and
substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such
authenticating agent such security and/or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft,
the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. 

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of such security
and/or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. Upon the issuance of any substitute Note, the Company or the Trustee may require the payment by the Holder of a sum sufficient to cover any tax,
assessment or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses connected therewith. In case any Note that has matured or is about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase or is about to be
converted in accordance with Article 13 shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of
the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such
security and/or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence satisfactory to the
Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent evidence of their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. 

21 

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06 by virtue
of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of
(but shall be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition
that the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement or payment or conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or
statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement or payment or conversion of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender. 

Section 2.07 Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an
authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon written request of the Company, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the
form of the Physical Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the
Trustee or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company will execute and deliver to the Trustee or such
authenticating agent Physical Notes (other than any Global Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.02 and upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes. Such exchange shall be made by
the Company at its own expense and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated
and delivered hereunder. 

Section 2.08 Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. 

The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment, repurchase, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion, if
surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee (including any of the Companys agents, Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates), to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. All Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be cancelled promptly
by it, and no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture. The Trustee shall dispose of cancelled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures and, after such
disposition, shall deliver a certificate of such disposition to the Company, at the Companys written request in a Company Order. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall acquire any of the Notes, such acquisition shall not operate as a
redemption, repurchase or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such Notes unless and until the same are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. Any Notes surrendered for cancellation shall not be reissued or resold and shall be
promptly cancelled. 

22 

Section 2.09 CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use
CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is
made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any
change in the CUSIP numbers. Prior to the Notes Fungibility Date, the Rule 144A Notes and the Regulation S Notes shall have different CUSIP numbers. Following the Notes Fungibility Date, the Rule 144A Notes and the Regulation
S Notes shall have the same CUSIP number. 

Section 2.10 Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, without
the consent of the Holders and notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen this Indenture and issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (except that the first Interest Payment Date and the date from
which interest may accrue may be different) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount; provided that such additional Notes must be part of the same issue as the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax purposes if represented by
the same CUSIP number (including, if relevant, an unrestricted CUSIP number) as the Notes initially issued hereunder. Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company Order, an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required by Section 16.05, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, the Company may, to the
extent permitted by law, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a private or public tender
or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives. Any Notes repurchased by the Company may, at the Companys option, be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation in
accordance with Section 2.08, but shall not be reissued or resold by the Company. 

ARTICLE 3 

SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE

Section 3.01 Satisfaction and Discharge. This Indenture shall upon request of the Company contained in an Officers
Certificate cease to be of further effect, and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when (a) (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and
delivered (other than (x) Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.06 and (y) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and
held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 4.04(d)) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) the Company has deposited with the Trustee or
delivered to Holders, as applicable, after all outstanding Notes have become due and payable, whether at the Maturity 

23 

Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon conversion or otherwise, cash or cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof, as applicable, solely to satisfy the Companys
Conversion Obligation, sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this Indenture by the Company; and (b) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the
Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive. 

ARTICLE 4 

PARTICULAR COVENANTSOFTHE COMPANY

Section 4.01 Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal of,
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Notes. 

Section 4.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, an
office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase (Paying Agent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent) and where notices
and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the
Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the office or
agency of the Trustee in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York. 

The Company may also from time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no such
designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of
any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable. In
acting hereunder and in connection with the Notes, the Paying Agent, the Conversion Agent, the Custodian and the Note Registrar shall act solely as agent of the Company and will not assume any fiduciary duty or other obligation towards or
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the beneficial owners or Holders of the Notes. 

The Company hereby initially designates
the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office and the office or agency of the Trustee in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, each shall be considered as one such office or
agency of the Company for each of the aforesaid purposes. 

24 

Section 4.03 Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees
Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder. 

Section 4.04 Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the
Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04: 

(i) that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price, if applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes; 

(ii) that it will give the Trustee prompt notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal of, the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and 

(iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the
Trustee all sums so held in trust. 

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price, if applicable, of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, deposit with the Trustee (or other Paying Agent) a sum sufficient to pay such principal, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, or accrued and unpaid interest,
and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 10:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date; provided, further, that, to the extent such deposit is received by the Paying Agent after 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on any such due date, such deposit will be deemed deposited on the next Business Day. 

(b) If the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
if applicable, and accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal of, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable. 

(c)
Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee
all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or
any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts. 

25 

(d) Any money and shares of Common Stock deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or
then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, or consideration due upon the conversion of, any Note and remaining unclaimed for
two years after such principal, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate, or (if then held by the
Company) shall be discharged from such trust and the Trustee shall have no further liability with respect to such funds; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof,
and all liability of the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money and shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee
or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in a newspaper published in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of general
circulation in The Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, notice that such money and shares of Common Stock remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any
unclaimed balance of such money and shares of Common Stock then remaining will be repaid or delivered to the Company. 

Section 4.05
Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence. 

Section 4.06 Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports. (a) At any time the Company is not subject to Sections 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under
the Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and upon written request, to any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any such shares, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the
Securities Act (or any other provision of Rule 144A, as such rule may be amended from time to time), to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from
time to time. 

(b) The Company shall file with the Trustee within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission,
copies of any documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25
under the Exchange Act). Any such document or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system shall be deemed to be filed with the
Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system. 

26 

(c) Delivery of the reports and documents described in subsection (b) above to the
Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys
compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate). The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the
Companys compliance with the covenants or with respect to any reports or other documents filed with the Commission or the Commissions EDGAR system or any website under this Indenture or participate in any conference calls. 

(d) If (i) at any time during the six-month period beginning on, and including, the date that is
six months after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, (x) the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as
applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than reports on Form 8-K) or (y) the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable by Holders other than the Companys
Affiliates (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities law or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes), or (ii) as of the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes offered hereby, the restrictive legend on
the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed, the Notes are assigned a restricted CUSIP or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (without restrictions pursuant to U.S.
securities law or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes) (each such event referred to in clause (i) or clause (ii) above, a Restricted Transfer Default), then the Company shall pay Additional Interest in cash on the
Notes. Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding for the first 90 days for which the Restricted Transfer Default has occurred and is continuing and thereafter will
accrue at the rate of 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding for which the Restricted Transfer Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, as of the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes offered hereby, the restrictive
legend on the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities law or the terms of this
Indenture or the Notes), the Company may elect to designate an effective shelf registration statement for the resale of the Notes or any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. Additional Interest shall not accrue for each day on which
such registration statement remains effective and usable by Holders for the resale of the Notes or any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes. Any such registration shall be effected on terms customary for convertible notes generally
offered in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 

Additional Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date
following accrual in the same manner as regular interest on the Notes. 

(e) The Additional Interest that is payable in accordance with
Section 4.06(d) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any Additional Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section 6.03. 

27 

(f) If Additional Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.06(d), then,
no later than five (5) Business Days (unless a shorter notice period shall be agreed to by the Trustee) before each date on which such Additional Interest is to be paid, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
(upon which the Trustee may rely conclusively) to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such Additional Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the
Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable. If the Company has paid Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company
shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment. The Trustee will have no obligation to determine whether Additional Interest is payable, and may assume without inquiry that no such Additional
Interest is payable until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives such written notice referred to in the preceding sentence and the Trustee shall not have any duty to verify the Companys calculation of Additional Interest. If the Company
has paid Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment. 

Section 4.07 Investment Company Act. The Company covenants that for the period of time during which Notes are outstanding,
the Company shall not violate, whether or not the Company is subject to, Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a), each of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions thereto of the Investment Company Act, as such
obligation may be amended or superseded but giving effect to any exemptive or no-action relief that may be granted to the Company by the Commission. 

Section 4.08 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at
any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or
interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly
waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such
power as though no such law had been enacted. 

Section 4.09 Statement as to Compliance. The Company will deliver to the
Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the date hereof (which fiscal year ends December 31) so long as any Note is outstanding hereunder, an Officers Certificate stating to the knowledge of the signers thereof
whether the Company is in default in the performance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Indenture. For purposes of this Section 4.09, such default shall be determined without regard to any period of grace or requirement of
notice under this Indenture. The Company shall, so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate within 30 days after an Officer of the Company becomes aware of the occurrence of any event that would
constitute a Default or Event of Default, specifying each such event, the status thereof and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 

Section 4.10 Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company will execute and deliver such further
instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture. 

28 

ARTICLE 5 

LISTSOF HOLDERSAND REPORTSBYTHE
COMPANYANDTHE TRUSTEE

Section 5.01 Lists of Holders. The
Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each February 15 and August 15 in each year beginning with August 15, 2025, and at such other times
as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice to be provided by it hereunder), a
list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices) prior to the time
such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar. 

Section 5.02 Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable,
all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may destroy any
list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished. 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTSAND REMEDIES

Section 6.01 Events of Default. The following events shall be Events of Default with respect to the Notes: 

(a) default in any payment of interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 

(b) default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration
of acceleration or otherwise; 

(c) failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this
Indenture upon exercise of a Holders conversion right, and such default is not cured within 5 Business Days; 

(d) failure by the
Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 14.01(c) and such failure is not cured within 10 days after the due date for such notice; 

(e) failure by the Company to issue notice of a specified corporate event in accordance with Section 13.01(b)(ii) or 13.01(b)(iii) when
due; 

(f) failure by the Company for 60 consecutive days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal
amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture; 

29 

(g) failure by the Company to comply with the obligation set forth under Section 4.07;

(h) default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under
which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $50 million in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now
exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at its stated
maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; 

(i) a final judgment for the payment of
$75 million or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) rendered against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company, which judgment is not discharged or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to
appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; 

(j) (i) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (A) shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property; (B) shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official
in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it; or (C) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (ii) the Company shall admit in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become
due; or 

(k) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking
liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive
days. 

Section 6.02 Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. In case one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any
administrative or governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(j) or Section 6.01(k) with respect to the Company, but not any of its Significant Subsidiaries and
subject to Section 6.03), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance
with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 

30 

100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically
be immediately due and payable, anything in this Indenture or in the Notes contained to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(j) or Section 6.01(k) with respect to the Company, but not any of its
Significant Subsidiaries, occurs and is continuing, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall be automatically and immediately due and payable. 

This provision, however, is subject to the condition that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and
payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the moneys due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, or shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of cash
and/or shares of Common Stock sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest upon all the Notes, all amounts of consideration due upon the conversion of any and all converted Notes, and the principal of any and all Notes which shall have
become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest upon such principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, on overdue installments of interest, at the rate or rates, if any, specified in the
Notes to the date of such payment or deposit) and such amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.06, and if any and all Events of Default under this Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of Notes which shall have become
due by acceleration, shall have been cured, waived, or otherwise remedied pursuant to Section 6.09, then and in every such case (except as provided in the immediately succeeding sentence) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to
exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or
shall impair any right consequent thereon. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any Default or Event of Default resulting from (i) the nonpayment of the
principal of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any Notes, (ii) a failure to repurchase any Notes when required, (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iv) a
breach of a covenant that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder pursuant to Section 10.02. 

Section 6.03 Additional Interest. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the
Company elects, the sole remedy for Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) shall, after the occurrence of such an Event of Default, consist exclusively of the right
to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (a) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the 90-day period beginning on, and including, the date
on which such an Event of Default first occurs and (b) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during the 90-day period beginning on, and including, the 91st day
following, and including, the occurrence of such an Event of Default during which such Event of Default is continuing. Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Additional Interest
payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d). If the Company elects to pay Additional Interest pursuant to this Section 6.03, 

31 

such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner and on the same dates as regular interest on the Notes. On the 181st day after such Event of Default (if the Event of Default relating
to the Companys failure to file is not cured or waived prior to such 181st day), the Notes will be subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. In the event the Company does not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event
of Default in accordance with this Section 6.03, the Notes shall be subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. 

In
order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy during the first 180 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company must notify in writing all Holders of the Notes, the
Trustee and the Paying Agent of such election prior to the beginning of such 180-day period. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in
Section 6.02. 

Section 6.04 Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause
(a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have occurred, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay or deliver, as the case may be, to it, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable or deliverable on
the Notes (i.e., principal and interest, if any, with interest on any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate or rates, if any, specified in the Notes at such time) and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to
cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay or deliver, as the case may be, such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a
judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums and amounts so due but unpaid or not delivered, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect
the moneys or amounts adjudged or decreed to be payable or deliverable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated. In such event, the Trustee shall be entitled to be
reimbursed or indemnified for any and all amounts expended in connection therewith (including fees and expenses of counsel) in accordance with the terms of Section 7.06 hereof. 

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes
under title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the
Company or such other obligor, the property of the Company or such other obligor, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Company or such
other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the
provisions of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the
Notes, and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor on the Notes,

32 

its or their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction
of any amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.06; and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make such payments to the
Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements,
including agents and counsel fees, and including any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To the extent that such payment of reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and
disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property that the
Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any
plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the
possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery
of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. 

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the
Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings. 

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or
abandoned because of a waiver or rescission and annulment or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company, the Holders, and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in
such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders, and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 

Section 6.05 Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with
respect to the Notes shall be applied, subject to applicable law, in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if
only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid: 

33 

First, to the payment of all amounts due the Trustee in each of its capacities
hereunder, including its agents and counsel, under Section 7.06; 

Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall
not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the due date of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest
(to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate or rates, if any, specified in the Notes at such time, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto; 

Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due or, if applicable, the payment of the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price or any cash due upon conversion shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment of the whole amount then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal, interest, the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price or cash due upon conversion, if any, with interest on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate or rates, if any, specified in the Notes at
such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal, interest, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or cash due upon conversion without
preference or priority of any such amount over each other (including principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note), ratably to the
aggregate of such principal, accrued and unpaid interest, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or cash due upon conversion; and 

Fourth, to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company. 

Section 6.06 Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price, if applicable, or interest when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to
institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless:

(a) such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as
herein provided; 

(b) Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request
upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder; 

(c) such Holders shall have offered
to the Trustee such security and/or indemnity satisfactory to it against any costs, loss, liability or expense (including fees and expenses of its counsel) to be incurred therein or thereby; 

(d) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt of the request and the offer of security and/or indemnity;
and 

34 

(e) no direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written
request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section 6.09, 

it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that
no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or
preference to any other such Holder, or to enforce any right under this Indenture, it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any actions or forbearances by a Holder are unduly prejudicial to
other Holders, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the
Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Indenture and any provision of any Note, the right of any Holder to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (w) the principal of, (x) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, (y) accrued and unpaid
interest on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or deliver,
as the case may be, on or after such respective dates against the Company shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 6.07 Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default the Trustee may in its discretion (and subject to the
provisions of Section 7.01 and Section 7.06) proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in
equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to enforce any
other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law. 

Section 6.08 Remedies Cumulative and
Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any
thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and no
delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or
Event of Default or any acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be
deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders. 

35 

Section 6.09 Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of
Holders. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any
remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to Notes; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, (b) the
Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction and (c) the Trustee may demand security and/or indemnity satisfactory to it in accordance with Section 7.01. The Trustee may refuse
to follow any direction that conflicts with this Indenture, it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder (it being understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such
discretion is unduly prejudicial to any other Holder) or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with
Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences except (i) a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal of,
the Notes when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.02, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes, (iii) a default in the payment
of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or (iv) a default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such
waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent
thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be
not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 6.10 Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within 90 days after the occurrence and continuance of a Default of which a
Responsible Officer has actual knowledge, deliver to all Holders as the names and addresses of such Holders appear upon the Note Register, notice of all Defaults known to a Responsible Officer, unless such Defaults shall have been cured or waived
before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of a Default in the payment of the principal of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any of the Notes or a Default in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if
applicable, or a Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as a committee of Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determine that
the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders. 

Section 6.11 Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this
Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit
against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of 

36 

the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee
or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note (including, but not limited to, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to the Notes
being repurchased as provided in this Indenture) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note in accordance with the provisions of Article 13. 

ARTICLE 7 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE

Section 7.01 Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the
curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and no additional duties shall be implied or inferred. In case an Event of
Default has occurred that has not been cured or waived the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use
under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs; provided that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at
the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security against the costs, expenses and liabilities that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly
negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(a) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the
curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred: 

(i) the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be
determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) in the absence of willful misconduct on the part of the
Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture;
but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the
requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein); 

37 

(b) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a
Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; 

(c) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the
direction of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to
the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee or refraining from taking any action believed in good faith to be beyond the scope of its powers, under this Indenture; 

(d) whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording
protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section; 

(e) the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any
payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note
Registrar with respect to the Notes; 

(f) if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this
Indenture, requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred, unless such Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such
event; 

(g) in the absence of written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon or for losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any
such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investment to provide timely written investment direction, and the Trustee shall
have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company; and 

(h) in the event that the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or
transfer agent hereunder, the rights and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 (including its right to be indemnified) shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid
Solicitation Agent or transfer agent. 

None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its
own funds or otherwise incur personal financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. 

The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder. The Trustee
shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture. 

38 

Section 7.02 Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01: 

(i) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, Note, coupon or other paper or document believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties; 

(ii) any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an
Officers Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company;

(iii) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and require an Opinion of Counsel and any advice of such
counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel; 

(iv) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may
see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall
incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation; 

(v) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts
or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent, custodian, nominee or
attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder; 

(vi) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an
Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel; 

(vii) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of
Officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture; and 

39 

(viii) the permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be
construed as duties. 

(b) In no event shall the Trustee be liable or responsible for any special, indirect, punitive, consequential loss
or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(c) The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, unless either (1) a
Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) hereof, or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default shall have been given to a Responsible Officer of the
Trustee by the Company or by any Holder of the Notes at its Corporate Trust Office and such notice references the Company, the Notes and this Indenture. 

Section 7.03 No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees
certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of
the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture. 

Section 7.04 Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Custodian Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The
Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Custodian, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the
Trustee, Paying Agent, Custodian, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar. 

Section 7.05 Monies and Shares of
Common Stock to Be Held in Trust. All monies and shares of Common Stock received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money and shares of Common Stock
held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money or shares of Common Stock received by it hereunder except as may
be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee. 

Section 7.06 Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company
covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee from time to time, and the Trustee shall be entitled to, compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the
compensation of a trustee of an express trust) as mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances
reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons
not regularly in its employ) except 

40 

any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct (as adjudicated in final non-appealable
decision by a court of competent jurisdiction). The Company also covenants and agrees to indemnify the Trustee (which for purposes of this Section 7.06 shall include its officers, directors, employees, agents successors and assigns) in any
capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered into in connection herewith and its agents and any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, including
taxes (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) and reasonable out-of-pocket attorneys fees, incurred without gross
negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be (as adjudicated in final non-appealable
decision by a court of competent jurisdiction), and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture and the enforcement of this Indenture (including this Section 7.06) or in any other capacity hereunder,
including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim or enforcing the Companys obligations hereunder (whether asserted by the Company, a Holder or any other Person) of liability in the premises. The obligations of the
Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured by a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money
or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular Notes. The Trustees right to receive payment of any amounts due under
this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the Company and to secure the Companys payment obligations under this Section 7.06, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Notes on all money or
property held or collected by the Trustee, in its capacity as the Trustee, other than money or property held in trust to pay principal of and Additional Interest, if any, on particular Notes. The obligation of the Company under this
Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee and any successor Trustee hereunder. 

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating
agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(j) or Section 6.01(k) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws. 

Section 7.07 Officers Certificate as Evidence(a) . Except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder,
such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an
Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it
under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof and the Trustee may conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate. 

41 

Section 7.08 Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at all times be a Trustee
hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act to act as such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or
to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of
condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article. 

Section 7.09 Resignation or Removal of Trustee. (a) The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written notice of such
resignation to the Company and by mailing notice thereof to the Holders at their addresses as they shall appear on the Note Register. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written
instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have
accepted appointment within 30 days after the mailing of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, at the expense of the Company, upon ten Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders, petition any court of
competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself and all others
similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee. 

(b) In case at any time any of the following shall occur: 

(i) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign
after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or 

(ii) the Trustee shall become incapable of
acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of
rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, 

then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a successor
trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the provisions of
Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months may, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the
appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee. 

42 

(c) The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time
outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such
nomination the Company objects thereto, in which case the Trustee so removed or any Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may, at the expense of the Company, petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee. 

(d) The Trustee may be removed at any time with respect to the Notes by the
Company, by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, provided that contemporaneously therewith (x) the Company immediately appoints a successor Trustee with respect to the Notes meeting the requirements of Section 7.08
hereof and (y) the terms of Section 7.10 hereof are complied with in respect of such appointment (the Trustee being removed hereby agreeing to execute the instrument contemplated by Section 7.10 hereof, if applicable, under such
circumstances) and provided further that no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and then be continuing at such time. 

(e) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this
Section 7.09 shall become effective upon (i) payment of all fees and expenses owing to the Trustee and (ii) acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10. 

Section 7.10 Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee, without
any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the
Company or of the successor trustee, the trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor trustee all the rights
and powers of the trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor trustee all such rights
and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such, except for funds held in trust for the benefit of
Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06. 

No successor trustee
shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor trustee, at
the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders at their addresses as they shall appear on the Note Register. If the Company fails to
deliver such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered at the expense of the Company. 

43 

Section 7.11 Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation or other entity into
which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act
on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided that in the case of any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such corporation or other entity shall be eligible under the
provisions of Section 7.08. 

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture,
any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee, and deliver
such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of
any predecessor trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall
have; provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or
consolidation. 

Section 7.12 Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company. Any application by
the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture) may, at the option of
the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable for
any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than three Business Days after the date any officer that the
Company has indicated to the Trustee should receive such application actually receives such application, unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in
the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted. 

ARTICLE 8 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS

Section 8.01 Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate
principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the Holders of
such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or 

44 

proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or
(c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may fix, but
shall not be required to, in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of
solicitation of such action. 

Section 8.02 Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01,
Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such
manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 9.06.

Section 8.03 Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any
Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar shall deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and shall treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and
notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued
and unpaid interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes; and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.
The sole registered holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such payments so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sum or sums so paid, effectual to satisfy
and discharge the liability for monies payable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce
against the Company, without the consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary or any other Person, such Holders right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with
the provisions of this Indenture. 

Section 8.04 Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the
requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company or by any Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded and deemed not to be
outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a Responsible Officer knows
are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees
right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company or an Affiliate of the Company. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to
the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall 

45 

furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above
described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for
the purpose of any such determination. 

Section 8.05 Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but
not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action, any
Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in
Section 8.02, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any
Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of
transfer thereof. 

ARTICLE 9 

HOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 9.01 Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions
of this Article 9 for any of the following purposes: 

(a) to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to
the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6;

(b) to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7; 

(c) to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.02; or 

(d) to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the Notes
under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law. 

Section 9.02 Call of Meetings by Trustee. The Trustee
may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of
such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes at their addresses as they shall appear on the Note
Register. Such notice shall also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting. 

46 

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then
outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or
after the meeting, waived notice. 

Section 9.03 Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company,
pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the
action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and
may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02. 

Section 9.04 Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of
one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be
entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel. 

Section 9.05 Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations
as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies,
certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit. 

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the
Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the
meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding.
The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant
to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting
may be held as so adjourned without further notice. 

47 

Section 9.06 Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of
Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting
shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the
meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken
thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the principal amount of
the Notes voting in favor of or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the
Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. 

Any record so signed and
verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated. 

Section 9.07 No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing
contained in this Article 9 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any
right or rights conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes. 

ARTICLE 10 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 10.01 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. The Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of
Directors and the Trustee, at the Companys expense and without notice, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes: 

(a) to cure or supplement any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 

(b) to provide for the assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article 11 or
Section 13.07; 

(c) to add guarantees with respect to the Notes; 

(d) to secure the Notes; 

(e)
to add to the covenants or Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company; 

(f) to conform the provisions of this Indenture or the Notes to the Description of Notes section of the Offering Memorandum; 

48 

(g) to evidence and provide for the appointment under this Indenture of a successor Trustee;

(h) to make any other change that does not adversely affect the interests of the Holders in any material respect; or 

(i) irrevocably elect or eliminate any settlement method or specified dollar amount; provided, however, that no such election or
elimination will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to Section 13.02(a). 

Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental
indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own
rights, duties, indemnities, liabilities, or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 

Any supplemental indenture authorized by the
provisions of this Section 10.01 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 10.02. 

Section 10.02 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the
Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer
for, Notes), the Company, when authorized by the resolutions of the Board of Directors and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of
adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the
consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall: 

(a) reduce the amount of Notes whose
Holders must consent to an amendment; 

(b) reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any Note; 

(c) reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note; 

(d) make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes; 

(e) reduce the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders the Companys
obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise; 

(f)
make any Note payable in money other than that stated in the Note; 

49 

(g) impair the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of and interest on such
Holders Notes on or after the due dates therefor or to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such Holders Note; or 

(h) make any change in this Article 10 that requires each Holders consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or
Section 6.09, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that other provisions of the Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Note affected thereby. 

Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject
to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties, indemnities, liabilities, or immunities under this
Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture. 

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be
sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee) a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture.
However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture. 

Section 10.03 Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of
this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Company and the
Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms
and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes. 

Section 10.04 Notation on Notes. Notes authenticated and delivered
after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys expense, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If
the Company or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Board of Directors, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture may, at the
Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 16.10) and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding, upon
surrender of such Notes then outstanding. 

Section 10.05 Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished
Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 16.05, the Trustee shall receive and may rely on an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant
hereto complies with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by the Indenture and such amendment, supplement or waiver is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms. 

50 

ARTICLE 11 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCEAND LEASE

Section 11.01 Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, the
Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, another Person, (provided that a normal course bona fide pledge of its assets pursuant to
any Credit Facility with a third-party lender entered into in the ordinary course of business shall be deemed not to be a sale, conveyance, transfer or lease) unless: 

(a) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Company), if not the Company, shall be a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture, all of the obligations of the
Company under the Notes and this Indenture; and 

(b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture. 

Section 11.02 Successor Corporation to Be Substituted. In case of
any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and upon the assumption by the Successor Company, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual
payment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Notes, the due and punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the
covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company, such Successor Company shall succeed to and be substituted for the Company, with the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part, except in the
case of a lease of all or substantially all of the Companys properties and assets. Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company, any or all of the Notes issuable
hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Company instead of the Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture
prescribed, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the Officers of the Company to the Trustee
for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture
as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or
transfer (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture (or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in
this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under this Indenture.

51 

In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease, such changes
in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate. 

Section 11.03
Opinion of Counsel to Be Given to Trustee. No consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease shall be effective unless the Trustee shall receive as conclusive evidence an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel that
any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or lease and any such assumption and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, complies with the provisions of this Article
11. 

ARTICLE 12 

IMMUNITYOF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERSAND DIRECTORS

Section 12.01 Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse
for the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest on any Note, or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or
in any supplemental indenture or in any Note, or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, investment adviser, employee, agent, Officer, director or Subsidiary, as such,
past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or
penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes. 

ARTICLE 13 

CONVERSIONOF NOTES

Section 13.01 Conversion Privilege. (a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 13, each Holder of
a Note shall have the right, at such Holders option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions
described in Section 13.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding March 1, 2028 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 13.01(b), and (ii) irrespective
of the conditions described in Section 13.01(b), on or after March 1, 2028 and prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 46.5631
shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13.04, the Conversion Rate) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to the settlement provisions of Section 13.02, the Conversion
Obligation). 

52 

(b) (i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding
March 1, 2028, the Notes may be surrendered for conversion during the five Business Day period immediately after any five consecutive Trading Day period (the Measurement Period) in which the Trading Price per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock
and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day. The Trading Prices shall be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The Company shall provide
written notice to the Bid Solicitation Agent of the three independent nationally recognized securities dealers selected by the Company pursuant to the definition of Trading Price, along with appropriate contact information for each. The Bid
Solicitation Agent shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such determination and provided it with the names and contact information for such three independent
nationally recognized securities dealers; and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request unless Holders of at least $2,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes provide the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes would be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate, at which time the Company shall instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent in writing to determine the
Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported
Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If the Company does not instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to determine in the manner provided herein, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in the
preceding sentence, or if the Company instructs the Bid Solicitation Agent in writing to obtain bids and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such determination, then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall
be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Company shall so notify
the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing. If, at any time after the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal
to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the applicable Conversion Rate, the Company shall so notify the Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing. 

(ii) If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding March 1, 2028, the Company elects to:

(A) issue to all or substantially all holders of its Common Stock any rights, options or warrants entitling them, for a
period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of its Common Stock, at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock
for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance; or 

53 

(B) distribute to all or substantially all holders of its Common Stock the
Companys assets, debt securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company, which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors, exceeding 10% of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock
on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution, 

then, in either case, the Company shall notify in writing all Holders of the
Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) at least 30 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex- Dividend Date for such issuance or distribution. Once the Company has given such
notice, the Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance or
distribution and (2) the Companys announcement that such issuance or distribution will not take place, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be surrendered for conversion
if Holders participate, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in clauses (A) or (B) of this subsection (ii) without having
to convert their Notes as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. For purposes of Section 13.01(b)(ii)(A), in
determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period
ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received
by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors. 

(iii) If a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the
close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding March 1, 2028, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 14.01, or if the Company is a party to a
consolidation, merger, binding share exchange, or transfer or lease of all or substantially all of its assets, pursuant to which the Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other assets, then, in each case, Holders may convert their
Notes at any time from, and including, the effective date of such transaction or event to, and including, the 35th trading day after such effective date (or, if such transaction or event also constitutes a Fundamental Change, to, but excluding, the
related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date). No later than such Effective Date, the Company will deliver written notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such transaction or event, such Effective Date and the related right to
convert the Notes. If the Company does not provide such notice by the effective date, then the last day on which the Notes are convertible will be extended by the number of Business Days from, and including, the effective date to, but excluding, the
date the Company provides the notice. 

54 

(iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding March 1, 2028, the Notes may be surrendered for conversion during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price of the
Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter as reported to the Conversion Agent by the Company
is greater than or equal to 130% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day. The Company shall determine at the beginning of each calendar quarter commencing after June 30, 2025 whether the Notes may be surrendered for conversion in
accordance with this clause (iv) and shall notify the Trustee and the Holders in writing if the Notes become convertible in accordance with this clause (iv). 

Section 13.02 Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion. 

(a) Subject to this Section 13.02, Section 13.03(b) and Section 13.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall pay or
deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash (Cash Settlement), shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of any
fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 13.02 (Physical Settlement) or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of any
fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 13.02 (Combination Settlement), at its election, as set forth in this Section 13.02. 

(i) All conversions occurring on or after March 1, 2028 shall be settled using the same Settlement Method. 

(ii) Prior to March 1, 2028, the Company shall use the same Settlement Method for all conversions occurring on the same
Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions that occur on different Conversion Dates. 

(iii) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or any conversions of Notes occurring during the period beginning on, but
excluding, March 1, 2028 and ending on, and including, the Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Company elects to deliver a notice (the Settlement Notice) of the relevant Settlement
Method in respect of such Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be), the Company shall deliver such Settlement Notice to converting Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) no later than the close of
business on the Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of any conversions occurring on or after March 1, 2028, no later than March 1, 2028). If the Company does not elect a Settlement Method with
respect to the conversion of a Note, then the Company will be deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely make such election will not constitute a Default or Event of Default). In
addition, the Company may, by written notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), elect to 

55 

irrevocably fix the Settlement Method or to irrevocably elect Combination Settlement and eliminate a Specified Dollar Amount or range of Specified Dollar Amounts. If the Company makes such an
irrevocable election, then such election will apply to all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that is on or after the date the Company delivers such notice. In addition, if the Company irrevocably elects Combination Settlement and
eliminates a Specified Dollar Amount or range of Specified Dollar Amounts, then the Company shall, if needed, simultaneously change the Default Settlement Method to Combination Settlement with a specified dollar amount that is consistent with such
irrevocable election. However, in all cases, no such irrevocable election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any conversions with a Conversion Date prior to the date the Company makes such
irrevocable election. For avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made, will be effective without the need to amend the Indenture or the Notes.However, the Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its
option. 

(iv) The cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any
conversion of Notes (the Settlement Amount) shall be computed by the Company as follows: 

(A) if the
Company elects to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted a number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date; 

(B) if the Company elects to satisfy its
Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted an amount in cash equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion
Values for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period; and 

(C) if the Company elects
(or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, a
Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 20 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period. 

(v) The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the
Company promptly following the last day of the Observation Period. Promptly after such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of any fractional share,
the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of
Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination. 

56 

(b) Subject to Section 13.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to
convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall (i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date
to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 13.02(h) and (ii) in the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of
Conversion (or a facsimile thereof) (a Notice of Conversion) at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such
Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by
appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest
Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 13.02(h). The Trustee (and, if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 13 on the Conversion Date for such
conversion. No Notice of Conversion with respect to any Notes may be surrendered by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company (or Paying Agent) in respect of such Notes and not validly
withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (or, in the case of a Global Note, has complied with the Applicable Procedures with respect to such a withdrawal) in accordance with Section 14.02. 

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes
shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered. 

(c) A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion
Date) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as provided in Section 13.03(b) and in Section 13.07, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration
due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the first Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects Physical Settlement, or on the first Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the
Observation Period, in the case of any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to converting Holders, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees,
certificates or a book-entry transfer through the Depositary for the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled in satisfaction of the portion of the Companys Conversion Obligation that consists of shares of
Common Stock, and, on or prior to such issuance, the Company shall give the Conversion Agent written notice of the number of shares of Common Stock being so issued and the method by which the issuance shall take place. Any required funds due to a
converting Holder in connection with a Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement shall be delivered to the Paying Agent and such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, in accordance with the same procedures that apply in connection with
the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price as set forth in Section 14.03. 

57 

(d) In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute
and upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment by the converting Holder of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar
governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such
conversion. 

(e) If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax
due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent
may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the
immediately preceding sentence. 

(f) Except as provided in Section 13.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares
issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14. 

(g) Upon the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the
Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation in the books and records of the Trustee and Depositary as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing
of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee. 

(h) Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive
any separate cash payment for accrued and unpaid interest, if any, except as set forth below. The Companys settlement of the Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or
forfeited. Upon a conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted
after the close of business on a Regular Record Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date will receive the full amount of interest payable on such Notes on the corresponding Interest Payment Date
notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any Regular Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Interest Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to
the amount of interest payable on the Notes so converted; provided that no such payment shall be required (1) for 

58 

conversions following the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record
Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; or (3) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if any Defaulted Amounts exist at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. 

(i) The Person in whose name the certificate for any shares of Common Stock delivered upon conversion is registered shall be treated as a
stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company
elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be, in each case solely for the purpose of receiving or participating in any dividend, distribution, issuance, share split
or combination, tender or exchange offer or any other event that would lead to a Conversion Rate adjustment as described in Section 13.04. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for
conversion. 

(j) The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash
in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP on the relevant Conversion Date (in the case of Physical Settlement) or based on the Daily VWAP on the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation
Period (in the case of Combination Settlement). For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the Company has elected (or is deemed to have elected) Combination Settlement, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall
be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the applicable Observation Period and any fractional shares remaining after such computation shall be paid in cash. 

(k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Holder shall be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock upon conversion to the
extent (but only to the extent) that such receipt would cause such converting Holder to become, directly or indirectly, a beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder) of more than 5.0% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time (the Limitation). Any purported delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Notes shall be void and have no effect to the
extent (but only to the extent) that such delivery would result in the converting Holder becoming the beneficial owner of more than the Limitation. If any delivery of shares of Common Stock owed to a Holder upon conversion of Notes is not made, in
whole or in part, as a result of the Limitation, the Companys obligation to make such delivery shall not be extinguished and the Company shall deliver such shares as promptly as practicable after any such converting Holder gives notice to the
Company that such delivery would not result in it being the beneficial owner of more than 5.0% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time. The Limitation shall no longer apply following the effective date of any Fundamental Change. 

59 

Section 13.03 Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in
Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes. (a) If a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs and a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Company shall, under the circumstances
described below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock (the Additional Shares), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for
these purposes to be in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if the relevant written Notice of Conversion is received by the Conversion Agent from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up
to, and including, the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the
definition thereof, the 35th calendar day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change). 

(b) Upon
surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to Section 13.01(b)(iii), the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or
Combination Settlement in accordance with Section 13.02; provided, however, that if, at the effective time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference
Property is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes shall be calculated based solely on the
Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any adjustment for Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event,
the Conversion Obligation shall be paid to Holders in cash on the first Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders of Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent in writing of the Effective Date of any
Make-Whole Fundamental Change and issue a press release announcing such Effective Date no later than five Business Days after such Effective Date. 

(c) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined by reference to the table
below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective (the Effective Date) and the price (the Stock Price) paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of the Common Stock in
the Make-Whole Fundamental Change. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share.
Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental
Change. The Board of Directors shall make appropriate adjustments to the Stock Price, in its good faith determination, to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the
Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date of the event occurs, during such five consecutive Trading Day period. 

(d) The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the
Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment
giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion
Rate as set forth in Section 13.04. 

60 

(e) The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares to be received per $1,000
principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 13.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below. 

Stock Price 

Effective Date $19.09 $19.50 $20.00 $20.50 $21.00 $21.48 $22.00 $23.00 $24.00 $27.00 

March 10, 2025 5.8203 4.9831 4.0585 3.2366 2.5152 1.9198 1.3664 0.5996 0.1850 0.0000 

September 1, 2025 5.8203 4.9831 4.0585 3.2366 2.5152 1.9198 1.3664 0.5996 0.1850 0.0000 

September 1, 2026 5.8203 4.9831 4.0585 3.2366 2.5152 1.9198 1.3664 0.5996 0.1817 0.0000 

September 1, 2027 5.8203 4.9831 3.9970 3.0951 2.3186 1.6958 1.1405 0.4317 0.1071 0.0000 

September 1, 2028 5.8203 4.7190 3.4370 2.2176 1.0559 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

The exact Stock Prices and Effective Dates may not be set forth in the table above, in which case: 

(i) if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in
the table, the number of Additional Shares shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based
on a 365-day year; 

(ii) if the Stock Price is greater than $27.00 per share
(subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate; and 

(iii) if the Stock Price is less than $19.09 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth
in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion exceed 52.3834 per $1,000
principal amount of Notes, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 13.04. 

(f) Nothing in
this Section 13.03 shall prevent an adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 13.04 in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

Section 13.04 Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the
following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of a share split or share combination), at the same time and upon the same terms as
holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 13.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. 

61 

(a) If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution
on shares of its Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the effective
date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date before giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share
split or share combination; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination.

Any adjustment made under this Section 13.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the effective date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the
type described in this Section 13.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the
Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 

(b) If the Company issues to all or
substantially all holders of its Common Stock any rights, options or warrants entitling them, for a period of not more than 45 calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a
price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance,
the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

62 

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive
Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants.

Any increase made under this Section 13.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants
are issued and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of
such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only
the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such
Ex-Dividend Date for such issuance had not occurred. 

For purposes of this Section 13.04(b),
in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day
period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration
received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Board of Directors. 

(c) If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights,
options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to
Section 13.04(a) or Section 13.04(b), (ii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash and (iii) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 13.04(c) shall apply (any of such shares of Capital
Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities of the Company, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on
the following formula: 

63 

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such
distribution.

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 13.04(c) above shall become effective immediately after the open of
business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend
or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the
foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount of Distributed Property
such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. If the Board of Directors determines
the FMV (as defined above) of any distribution for purposes of this Section 13.04(c) by reference to the actual or when-issued trading market for any securities, it shall in doing so consider the prices in such market over the same
period used in computing the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for
such distribution. 

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 13.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or
other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for
trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period;

64 

FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last
Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period); and

MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The adjustment to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur on the last Trading Day of the Valuation
Period; provided that in respect of any conversion during the Valuation Period, references in the portion of this Section 13.04(c) related to Spin-Offs to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading
Days as have elapsed between the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate. 

For purposes of this Section 13.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 13.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the
Company to all holders of its Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the
occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the
Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 13.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 13.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event,
whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 13.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant,
including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities,
evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or
warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed
distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an
adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 13.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final
redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed
distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming
such holder had retained such rights, 

65 

options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or
been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued. 

For purposes of Section 13.04(a), Section 13.04(b) and this Section 13.04(c), any dividend or distribution to which this
Section 13.04(c) is applicable that also includes one or both of: 

(A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which
Section 13.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or 

(B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options
or warrants to which Section 13.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution), 

then (1) such dividend or distribution,
other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 13.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment
required by this Section 13.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion
Rate adjustment required by Section 13.04(a) and Section 13.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the
Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or
Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date within the meaning of Section 13.04(a) or
outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 13.04(b). 

(d) If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, other than (i) a regular
quarterly cash dividend or (ii) a supplemental cash dividend having a concurrent record date and payment date with the regular quarterly cash dividend (the Concurrent Supplemental Dividend), where (i) and (ii) do not
exceed an aggregate of $0.47 per share in such quarter (the Dividend Threshold), the conversion rate will be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

66 

SP0 = 

the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

T = 

the Dividend Threshold; provided that if the dividend or distribution is not a regular
quarterly cash dividend or a Concurrent Supplemental Dividend, the applicable Dividend Threshold will be deemed to be zero; and

C = 

the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to holders of its Common Stock.

The Dividend Threshold shall be subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to adjustments to the Conversion
Rate; provided that no adjustment shall be made to the Dividend Threshold for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to this Section 13.04(d). 

Any increase pursuant to this Section 13.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or
pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of
shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate on the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash
dividend or distribution. 

(e) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the
Common Stock, to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which
tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Board of Directors) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange
offer;

67 

OS0 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or
exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1 

= 

the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or
exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP1 

= 

the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive
Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

The adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 13.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on the 10th
Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that in respect of any conversion within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the
expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references in this Section 13.04(e) with respect to 10 Trading Days shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed between the date that such tender or exchange
offer expires and the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate. 

(f) Notwithstanding this Section 13.04 or any other
provision of this Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted its Notes on or after such
Ex-Dividend Date and on or prior to the related Record Date would be treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 13.02(i) based
on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Ex-Dividend Date, then, notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section 13.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and participate in
the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to such adjustment. 

(g) Except as stated herein, the Company shall not
adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of its Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of its Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of its Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable
securities. 

(h) In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 13.04, and to
the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the applicable rules of The New York Stock Exchange, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Board of
Directors determines that such increase would be in the Companys best interest. In addition, but subject to the same limitations set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion
Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock in connection with a dividend or 

68 

distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) or similar event. Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to either of the preceding two sentences, the Company shall deliver to the
Holder of each Note at its last address appearing on the Note Register a notice of the increase at least 15 days prior to the date the adjusted Conversion Rate takes effect, and such notice shall state the adjusted Conversion Rate and the period
during which it will be in effect. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 13, the Conversion Rate shall not be
adjusted: 

(i) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the
reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan; 

(ii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or
future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

(iii) upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable
or convertible security not described in clause (ii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued; 

(iv) solely for a change in the par value of the Common Stock or a change in the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation;
or 

(v) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 

(j) All calculations and other determinations under this Article 13 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000) of a share. The Company shall not be required to make an adjustment in the Conversion Rate unless the adjustment would require a change of at least 1% in the Conversion Rate. However,
the Company shall carry forward any adjustments that are less than 1% of the Conversion Rate and make such carried forward adjustment, regardless of whether the aggregate adjustment is less than 1%, on the Conversion Date for any Notes and on each
Trading Day of any Observation Period for any converted Notes. 

(k) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the
Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such
adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the
last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on
which each adjustment becomes effective and the Trustee, on the Companys behalf, shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder at its last address appearing on the Note Register of this Indenture. Failure
to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment. 

69 

Section 13.05 Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture
requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including an Observation Period and the period for determining the Stock
Price for purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), the Board of Directors shall make appropriate adjustments to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the
Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date of the event occurs, at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts
are to be calculated. 

Section 13.06 Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall provide, free from preemptive rights, out of
its authorized but unissued shares, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such
Notes would be converted by a single Holder and that Physical Settlement is applicable). 

Section 13.07 Effect of
Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock.

(a) In the case of: 

(i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or
combination or a change solely in par value), 

(ii) any consolidation, merger or combination involving the Company, 

(iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of all or substantially all of the Company and the Companys
Subsidiaries consolidated assets or 

(iv) any statutory share exchange, 

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock then outstanding would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or
assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event), then, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a
right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property
that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Merger Event, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the
Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01 providing for such change in the right to convert each 

70 

$1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event (A) the Company shall continue to have the right to determine the
form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 shall
continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of
Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have been entitled to receive in such Merger Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property. 

If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of
consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration
actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common
Stock. If the holders receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions that occur after the effective date of such Merger Event (x) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely
cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 13.03), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and
(y) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the first Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent
(if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. 

Such
supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 13. If, in the case of any Merger Event,
the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Merger Event, then such
supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the
foregoing, including to the extent required by the Board of Directors and practicable the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 14. 

(b) In the event the Company shall execute a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 13.07, the Company
shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise the Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any
adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver written notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to
be delivered to each Holder, at its address appearing on the Note Register provided for in this Indenture, within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental
indenture. 

71 

(c) The Company shall not become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms are consistent
with this Section 13.07 in all material respects. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a Holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as
applicable, as set forth in Section 13.01 and Section 13.02 prior to the effective date of such Merger Event. 

(d) The above
provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 

(e) In connection with any Merger Event, the applicable
Dividend Threshold shall be subject to adjustment as described in clause (i), clause (ii) or clause (iii) below, as the case may be. 

(i) In the case of a Merger Event in which the Reference Property (determined, as appropriate, pursuant to subsection
(a) above and excluding any dissenters appraisal rights) is composed entirely of shares of common stock (the Merger Common Stock), the applicable Dividend Threshold at and after the effective time of such Merger Event
will be equal to (x) the applicable Dividend Threshold immediately prior to the effective time of such Merger Event, divided by (y) the number of shares of Merger Common Stock that a holder of one share of Common Stock would receive
in such Merger Event (such quotient rounded down to nearest cent). 

(ii) In the case of a Merger Event in which the
Reference Property (determined, as appropriate, pursuant to subsection (a) above and excluding any dissenters appraisal rights) is composed in part of shares of Merger Common Stock, the applicable Dividend Threshold at and after the
effective time of such Merger Event will be equal to (x) the applicable Dividend Threshold immediately prior to the effective time of such Merger Event, multiplied by (y) the Merger Valuation Percentage for such Merger Event (such
product rounded down to nearest cent). 

(iii) For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Merger Event in which the
Reference Property (determined, as appropriate, pursuant to subsection (a) above and excluding any dissenters appraisal rights) is composed entirely of consideration other than shares of common stock, the applicable Dividend Threshold at
and after the effective time of such Merger Event will be equal to zero. 

Section 13.08 Certain Covenants. (a) The
Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges (other than those created by
the Holder) with respect to the issue thereof. 

(b) The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the
purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by
the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be. 

72 

(c) The Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on
any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Notes. 

Section 13.09 Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee (including in its capacity as Conversion Agent) and any other
Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the
Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee
(including in its capacity as Conversion Agent) and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at
any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the
Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or
covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any
supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 13.07 relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred
to in such Section 13.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such
provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officers Certificate (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee
nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 13.01(b) has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the
Trustee and the Conversion Agent the notices referred to in Section 13.01(b) with respect to the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company
agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 13.01(b). The parties hereto agree that all notices to the
Trustee or the Conversion Agent under this Article 13 shall be in writing or as otherwise provided herein. 

Section 13.10 Notice
to Holders Prior to Certain Actions. In case of any: 

(a) action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that would require an
adjustment in the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 13.04 or Section 13.11; 

73 

(b) Merger Event; or 

(c) Voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries; 

then, in each case (unless notice of such event is otherwise required pursuant to another provision of this Indenture), the Company shall
cause to be filed with the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and to be delivered to each Holder at its address appearing on the Note Register, as promptly as possible but in any event at least 20 days prior to the
applicable date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (i) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders
of Common Stock of record are to be determined for the purposes of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) the date on which such Merger Event, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up is expected to become effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other
property deliverable upon such Merger Event, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such action by the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries, Merger Event, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up.

Section 13.11 Stockholder Rights Plans. To the extent that the Company has a rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes,
each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in
each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. If at the time of conversion, however, the rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the
provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan so that the Holders would not be entitled to receive any rights in respect of Common Stock, if any, issuable upon conversion of the Notes, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of
separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 13.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights.

ARTICLE 14 

REPURCHASEOF NOTESAT OPTIONOF
HOLDERS

Section 14.01 Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change. (a) If a Fundamental
Change occurs at any time, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion thereof that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of
$1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20 calendar days or more than 35 calendar days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice (with such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date being subject to postponement by a number of days by which the Companys Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is delivered to Holders beyond the deadline set forth in Section 14.01(c)), at a repurchase
price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price), unless

74 

the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such Regular Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall
instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of such Regular Record Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this
Article 14. 

(b) Repurchases of Notes under this Section 14.01 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon: 

(i) delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice) in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance with the Depositarys procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the
Notes are Global Notes, in each case on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and 

(ii) delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent, or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the procedures of the
Depositary, in each case such delivery being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor. 

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Notes to be repurchased shall state: 

(i) in the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase; 

(ii) the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and

(iii) that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this
Indenture; 

provided, however, that if the Notes are Global Notes, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice must comply with appropriate
Depositary procedures. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent a Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 14.01 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 14.02. 

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of
withdrawal thereof 

75 

(c) On or before the 20th calendar day after (i) the date that the Company knew or
reasonably should have known that the Fundamental Change occurred, in the case of a Fundamental Change described under clause (a) of the definition thereof, or (ii) the date the Fundamental Change occurred, in the case of any other
Fundamental Change, the Company shall provide to all Holders of Notes and the Trustee and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a written notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the
occurrence of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. Such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the
applicable procedures of the Depositary. Simultaneously with providing such notice, the Company shall publish a notice containing the information set forth in the Fundamental Change Company Notice in a newspaper of general circulation in The City of
New York or publish such information on the Companys website or through such other public medium as the Company may use at that time. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify: 

(i) the events causing the Fundamental Change; 

(ii) the date of the Fundamental Change; 

(iii) the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 14; 

(iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; 

(vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable; 

(vii) if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate; 

(viii) if applicable, that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a
Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; 

(ix) the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes. 

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the
validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 14.01. 

76 

At the Companys written request, the Trustee shall give such notice in the
Companys name and at the Companys expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company. In such a case, the Company shall deliver such notice to the Trustee at
least three Business Days prior to the date that the notice is required to be given to the Holders (unless a shorter notice period shall be agreed to by the Trustee), together with Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such
notice. Such notice shall be delivered to the Trustee, to the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) and to each Holder at its address shown in the Note Register (and to the beneficial owner as required by applicable law) or, in the case of Global
Notes, in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by
the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration
resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during the
acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes
in compliance with the procedures of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been
withdrawn. 

Section 14.02 Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice
may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent in accordance with this Section 14.02 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying: 

(i) the principal amount of the Notes with
respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, 

(ii) if Physical Notes have been issued, the certificate
number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and 

(iii) the principal amount, if
any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000; 

provided, however, that if the Notes are Global Notes, the notice must comply with appropriate procedures of the Depositary. 

Section 14.03 Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a) The Company, or its designee, will deposit with the Trustee
(or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04) on or prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; provided, further, that to the extent such deposit is received by the Paying Agent after 10:00
a.m., New York City time, on any such due date, such deposit will be deemed deposited on the next Business Day. If any such 

77 

designee does not deposit an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of such Notes by the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence and the Company does not otherwise deposit
such an amount by such deadline, such failure by the designee shall be treated for all purposes of this Indenture as failure by the Company to make such deposit. In addition, failure by the Company to designate a designee to make the deposit
required by the second immediately preceding sentence shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to so deposit such an amount of money. Subject to extension if necessary to comply with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, payment for
Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date with
respect to such Note (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 14.01) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) by the Holder
thereof in the manner required by Section 14.01 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided, however, that payments to the Depositary shall be made
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee shall, promptly after a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price of the Notes, or portions thereof, that the Company is obligated to purchase on the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. 

(b) If by 10:00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the
Company) holds money sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of all the Notes or portions thereof for which Holders have surrendered and not withdrawn Fundamental Change Repurchase Notices on such Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date, then (i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent) and
(iii) all other rights of the Holders of such Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price upon delivery or transfer of the Notes). 

(c) Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 14.01, the Company shall execute and upon receipt of a
Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered. 

Section 14.04 Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes. In connection with any repurchase offer pursuant
to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, the Company will, if required: 

(a) comply with the provisions of Rule 13e-4, Rule 14e-1 and any other tender offer rules under the Exchange Act that may then be applicable; 

(b) file a Schedule TO or any successor or similar schedule; 

(c) otherwise comply with all federal and state securities laws in connection with any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes; 

78 

in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 14 to be exercised in the time
and in the manner specified in this Article 14. 

ARTICLE 15 

NO REDEMPTION

Section 15.01 No Redemption. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to the Maturity Date, and no sinking fund is
provided for the Notes. 

ARTICLE 16 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 16.01 Provisions Binding on Companys Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and
agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not. 

Section 16.02 Official Acts by Successor Corporation. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or
required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be
the lawful sole successor of the Company. 

Section 16.03 Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any
provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be in writing (including facsimile and electronic mail in PDF format) and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently
given or made, for all purposes if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to Hercules Capital, Inc., 1
North B Street, Suite 2000, San Mateo, California 94401, Attention: Kiersten Zaza Botelho, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be in
writing (including facsimile and electronic mail in PDF format) and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office
letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office. Notice to the Trustee by electronic mail shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if sent to quinn.depompolo@usbank.com or such other email address that the
Trustee may from time to time designate in writing to the Company and the Holders absent receipt of a failure to deliver notice. 

The
Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. 

Any notice
or communication mailed to a Holder of Physical Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register (or sent electronically in PDF format to the
e-mail address of such Holder, if any, specified on the Note Register) and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed (or sent, in the case of an electronic transmission) within the time prescribed. Any
notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed. 

79 

Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall
not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to
Holders by mail (or electronically in PDF format), then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder. 

In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by
unsecured e-mail, pdf, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If the party elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or
instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. For the avoidance of doubt, all notices,
approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder or with respect to the Notes must be in writing (provided that any communication sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a
digital signature provided by DocuSign or Adobe (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee by the authorized representative), in English. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses
arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks
arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third
parties. 

Section 16.04 Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR
RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER
JURISDICTION). 

Section 16.05 Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to
Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall, if requested by the Trustee, furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an
Opinion of Counsel stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture. 

80 

Each Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for, by or on behalf of the
Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.09) shall include (a) a statement that the Person making such
certificate is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based; (c) a statement
that, in the judgment of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions
precedent related thereto have been satisfied; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such Person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent related thereto have been satisfied. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 16.05, if any provision in this Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee
shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be taken by the Trustee or the Company hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to, or entitled to request, such Opinion of Counsel. 

Section 16.06 Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, Conversion Date or
Maturity Date is not a Business Day, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue
in respect of the delay. 

Section 16.07 No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or
implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction. 

Section 16.08 Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person,
other than the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder or the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 16.09 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and
sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 16.10 Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf
and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section 2.06,
Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 14.03 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all
purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the
Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as trustee
hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08. 

81 

Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to the
corporate trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other entity is otherwise eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper
or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity. 

Any
authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such
authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor
authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall mail notice of such appointment to all Holders as the names and addresses of such Holders appear on the Note Register. 

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may
terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agents fees to be unreasonable. 

The provisions of Section 7.02,
Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 7.06, Section 8.03 and this Section 16.10 shall be applicable to any authenticating agent. 

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees
certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form: 

,

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Officer

Section 16.11 Execution in Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, electronic or PDF transmission
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be
their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with
this Indenture shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery
thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

82 

Section 16.12 Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture or in
the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 

Section 16.13 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Section 16.14 Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee, in each of its capacities, be responsible or liable for any failure or
delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military
disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that
are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 16.15 Calculations. Except as otherwise provided in Section 13.01(b)(i), the Company shall be responsible for making
all calculations called for under this Indenture or the Notes and in no instance shall the Trustee, the Conversion Agent or other agents be responsible for making such calculations. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations
of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, accrued interest payable on the Notes, the Conversion Rate of the Notes and any adjustments thereto. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the
Companys calculations shall be final and binding on Holders of Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, and each of
the Trustee, the Paying Agent and Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations without liability upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations and without independent verification. The
Trustee will forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the written request of that Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company. In no event shall the Trustee or the Conversion Agent be charged with knowledge of or
have any duty to monitor price of the Common Stock or Measurement Period. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall have any responsibility for calculations or determinations of amounts, determining whether events requiring or permitting
conversion have occurred, determining whether any adjustment is required to be made with respect to conversion rights and, if so, how much, or for the delivery of shares of Common Stock. 

Section 16.16 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. Other than the Notes and any supplemental indenture hereto, this
Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture. 

83 

U.S.A. Patriot Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with
Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or
legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as is required to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act 

FATCA. In order to enable the Company and the Trustee to comply with their obligations with respect to this Indenture and the Notes
under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any Treasury regulations thereunder (FATCA) (inclusive of official interpretations of FATCA promulgated by competent authorities), any applicable agreement entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b) of the Code and/or any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into in order to implement FATCA, each of the Company and the Trustee each agree (i) to provide to one another such reasonable information that is within
its possession and is reasonably requested by the other to assist the other in determining whether it has tax related obligations under FATCA, and (ii) that the Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under
this Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with FATCA. The terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

84 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of
the date first written above. 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC.

By: 

/s/ Scott Bluestein

Name: Scott Bluestein

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Donald T. Hurrelbrink

Name: Donald T. Hurrelbrink

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

THIS NOTE IS ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 1271 ET SEQ. OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986. A HOLDER MAY
OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY FOR THIS NOTE BY SUBMITTING A WRITTEN REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO THE ISSUER AT INFO@HTGC.COM. 

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE] 

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.] 

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A RESTRICTED SECURITY] 

[THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, ENCUMBERED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR
UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, AND NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION. 

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS (A) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OR (B) NOT A U.S. PERSON AND LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION
WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

A-1 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. (THE
COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, PLEDGE, ENCUMBER OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE
HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO, AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(E) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF
ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE TRANSFER AGENT, IN THE CASE OF ANY COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON CONVERSION OF THE NOTES, RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR
OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.] 

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY
OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY DURING THE THREE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING MONTHS MAY RESELL THIS NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

A-2 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 

4.750% Convertible Senior Note due 2028 

No. [] $[________________]

CUSIP No.: []* 

ISIN No.: []* 

Hercules Capital, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of
Maryland (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.], or registered assigns, the
principal sum as set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto, which amount, taken together with the principal amount of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $287,500,000 in
aggregate at any time, in accordance, so long as this Note is a Global Note, with the rules and procedures of the Depositary, on September 1, 2028, and interest thereon as set forth below. 

This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 4.750% per year from March 10, 2025, or from the most recent date to which interest had been
paid or provided for. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 1 and September 1, commencing on September 1, 2025, to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding February 15 and August 15
(whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d) and Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note
therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d) or Section 6.03 and any express mention of the payment of Additional
Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions thereof where such express mention is not made. 

Any Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the rate or rates, if any, specified in this Note, subject to the enforceability
thereof under applicable law, from, and including, the relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture.

The Company shall pay the principal of and interest on this Note, so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds
to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay the principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at
the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and its Corporate Trust Office as a place where Notes may be presented
for payment or for registration of transfer. 

A-3 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof,
including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations
set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

*[Subject to terms and conditions of the Indenture, at such time as the Company notifies the Trustee in writing to remove the restrictive
legend pursuant to Section 2.05(c) of the Indenture, the CUSIP number for this Note shall be deemed to be CUSIP No. 427096 AM4 and ISIN No. US427096AM46.] 

This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the laws of the State of New York (without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction). 

In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern. 

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have executed by
manual, electronic or facsimile signature, by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed. 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC.

By 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described in the within-named Indenture.

By 

Authorized Officer

A-5 

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE] 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 

4.750% Convertible Senior Note due 2028 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 4.750% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the
Notes), limited to the aggregate principal amount of $287,500,000 all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association (the Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee,
the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. The Rule 144A Notes and the Regulation S Notes initially have separate
CUSIP numbers and will initially not be fungible. 

In case an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture, shall have occurred and be
continuing, the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the
manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture. 

Subject to the terms and
conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect
such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the
Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures
modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on
behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences. 

No
reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the principal of, the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price, if applicable, of, accrued and unpaid interest on and amounts due upon conversion of this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful money or other consideration herein prescribed. 

A-6 

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000
principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal
amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company and/or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection
therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange. 

The Notes are not subject to redemption through the operation of any sinking fund or otherwise. 

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, the Holder has the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for
cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of
certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash,
shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture. 

Terms used in this Note and defined in the Indenture are used herein as therein defined. 

A-7 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM = as tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act 

CUST =
Custodian 

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties 

JT TEN =
joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above
list. 

A-8 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 

4.750% Convertible Senior Note due 2028 

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is DOLLARS
($[]). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee

A-9 

ATTACHMENT 1 

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION] 

To:
[____________] 

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof
(that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in
this Note, and directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued
and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the
undersigned will pay all transfer or similar taxes in accordance with Section 13.02(d) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not
defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the
Notes to be converted are as set forth below: __________________________ 

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities
and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to be issued, or Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered
holder.

1 

Fill in for registration of shares of Common Stock if to be issued, and Notes

if to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder:

(Name)

(Street Address)

(City, State and Zip
Code)

Please print name and address

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $ ,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Taxpayer Identification
Number

2 

ATTACHMENT 2 

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE] 

To: [_____________] 

The undersigned registered
owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Hercules Capital, Inc. (the Company) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and
requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is
$1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Interest Payment
Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. 

In the case of Physical
Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below. 

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Taxpayer Identification
Number

Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $_____,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

1 

ATTACHMENT 3 

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER] 

For
value received hereby sell(s), assign(s) and 

transfer(s) unto
(Please insert Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full
power of substitution in the premises. 

In connection with any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, as
defined in the Indenture governing such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred: 

To Hercules Capital, Inc. or a subsidiary thereof; or

Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

Outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

To a qualified institutional buyer pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the undersigned confirms that the undersigned reasonably believes that the transferee of such Note is a
qualified institutional buyer (within the meaning of Rule 144A) that is purchasing for its own account or for the account of another qualified institutional buyer and the undersigned has provided such transferee notice that the transfer
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; or

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

1 

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities
and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder.

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d931396dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Hercules Capital Closes Offering of $287.5 Million of Convertible Unsecured Notes 

Convertible Unsecured Notes due 2028 Initially Assigned a BBB+ by Kroll Bond Rating Agency 

SAN MATEO, Calif., March 10, 2025 Hercules Capital, Inc. (NYSE: HTGC) (Hercules or the
Company), today announced that it has closed a private offering of $287.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% Convertible Unsecured Notes due 2028 (the Convertible Notes), which amount includes the
additional $37.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the initial purchasers exercise in full of its overallotment option. The Convertible Notes were sold only to qualified institutional buyers (as
defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 

The Convertible Notes
are unsecured and bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per year, payable semiannually. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, at the Companys election, cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination of cash and shares
of common stock, subject to an irrevocable settlement method election that may be made by the Company. The Convertible Notes will be convertible at an initial conversion rate of 46.5631 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of
Convertible Notes which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $21.48 per share of the Companys common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The conversion price is approximately 12.5% above the $19.09
per share closing price of the Companys common stock on March 5, 2025. The Company will not have the right to redeem the Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2028, unless repurchased
or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering (i) to fund
investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with its investment objective and (ii) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

Neither the Convertible Notes nor the common stock that may be issued upon conversion thereof will be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the
Convertible Notes nor the common stock that may be issued upon conversion thereof may be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell any securities of Hercules Capital, Inc. and is not soliciting an offer to buy such securities in any
state where such offer and sale is not permitted. 

About Hercules Capital, Inc. 

Hercules Capital, Inc. (NYSE: HTGC) is the leading and largest specialty finance company focused on providing senior secured venture growth loans to
high-growth, innovative venture capital-backed companies in a broad variety of technology and life sciences industries. Since inception (December 2003), Hercules has committed more than $21 billion to over 670 companies and is the lender of
choice for entrepreneurs and venture capital firms seeking growth capital financing. Companies interested in learning more about financing opportunities should contact info@htgc.com or call 650.289.3060. 

Hercules, through its wholly owned subsidiary business, Hercules Adviser LLC (the Adviser Subsidiary), also maintains an asset management business
through which it manages investments for external parties (Adviser Funds). The Adviser Subsidiary is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 

Hercules common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol HTGC. In addition, Hercules has one retail bond
issuance of 6.25% Notes due 2033 (NYSE: HCXY). 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We may use
words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, will, should, may and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance and should not be relied upon in making any investment decision. Such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations. While we cannot identify all such risks and uncertainties, we urge you to read the risks discussed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K and other materials that we publicly file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements made in this press release are made only as of the date hereof. Hercules
assumes no obligation to update any such statements in the future. 

Contact: 

Michael Hara 

Investor Relations and Corporate Communications

Hercules Capital, Inc. 

(650)
433-5578

mhara@htgc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>htgc-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>htgc-20250310_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>htgc-20250310_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>htgc-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share [Member] 

Deferrable Notes [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>htgc-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g931396dsp67.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g931396dsp67a.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g931396dsp68.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g931396dsp69.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g931396dsp71.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g931396dsp72.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>g931396g0309190614129.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 10, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001280784

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Hercules Capital, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Securities Act File Number 814-00702

Entity Tax Identification Number 74-3113410

Entity Address, Address Line One 1 North B Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2000

Entity Address, City or Town San Mateo

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94401

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 289-3060

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol HTGC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Deferrable Notes [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.25% Notes due 2033

Trading Symbol HCXY

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=htgc_CommonStockParValueZeroPointZeroZeroOnePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_DeferrableNotesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>R2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

N-2

$ in Millions 

Mar. 10, 2025 

USD ($)

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Central Index Key 0001280784

Amendment Flag false

Securities Act File Number 814-00702

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name Hercules Capital, Inc.

Entity Address, Address Line One 1 North B Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2000

Entity Address, City or Town San Mateo

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94401

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 289-3060

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Capital Stock, Long-Term Debt, and Other Securities [Abstract] 

Long Term Debt [Table Text Block] 

On March 10, 2025, in connection with a previously announced offering, Hercules Capital, Inc. (the Company) issued $287.5 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Convertible Unsecured Notes due 2028 (the Convertible Notes), inclusive of $37.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the initial purchasers exercise of its overallotment option in full. The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The sale of the Convertible Notes generated net proceeds of approximately $278.39 million, after deducting discounts, commission and expenses payable by the Company. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering (i) to fund investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with its investment objective and (ii) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

The Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per year payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of 

each year, commencing on September 1, 2025. 

The Convertible Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes; equal in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

Holders may convert their Convertible Notes, at their option, from March 1, 2028 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 1, 2028, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at their option only under certain circumstances set forth in the Indenture. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, at the Companys election, cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, subject to an irrevocable settlement method election that may be made by the Company. The Convertible Notes will be convertible at an initial conversion rate of 46.5631 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $21.48 per share of the Companys common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

The Company will not have the right to redeem the Convertible Notes at its option prior to maturity. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. In addition, if certain corporate events occur in respect of the Company, holders of the Convertible Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest through, but excluding, the required repurchase date. 

Long Term Debt, Principal $ 287.5

Long Term Debt, Structuring [Text Block] 

The Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per year payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of 

each year, commencing on September 1, 2025. 

The Convertible Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes; equal in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

Long Term Debt, Dividends and Covenants [Text Block] 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Convertible Notes and the Trustee if the Company ceases to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

+ Details

Name: cef_CapitalStockLongTermDebtAndOtherSecuritiesAbstract

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph b

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtDividendsAndCovenantsTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtPrincipal

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph a

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtStructuringTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtTableTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
27 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
1 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.hercules.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
R2.htm 
995470 - Disclosure - N-2 
Sheet 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/role/N2 
N-2 
Notes 
2 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d931396d8k.htm 
htgc-20250310.xsd 
htgc-20250310_cal.xml 
htgc-20250310_def.xml 
htgc-20250310_lab.xml 
htgc-20250310_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/2024 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-051063-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>d931396d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001280784 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001280784 

htgc:CommonStockParValueZeroPointZeroZeroOnePerShareMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001280784 

us-gaap:DeferrableNotesMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

iso4217:USD 

false 
0001280784 
CA 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
Hercules Capital, Inc. 
MD 
814-00702 
74-3113410 
1 North B Street 
Suite 2000 
San Mateo 
94401 
650 
289-3060 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
HTGC 
NYSE 
6.25% Notes due 2033 
HCXY 
NYSE 
false 
On March 10, 2025, in connection with a previously announced offering, Hercules Capital, Inc. (the Company) issued $287.5 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Convertible Unsecured Notes due 2028 (the Convertible Notes), inclusive of $37.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the initial purchasers exercise of its overallotment option in full. The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated March 10, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The sale of the Convertible Notes generated net proceeds of approximately $278.39 million, after deducting discounts, commission and expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering (i) to fund investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with its investment objective and (ii) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per year payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2025. The Convertible Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes; equal in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. Holders may convert their Convertible Notes, at their option, from March 1, 2028 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 1, 2028, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at their option only under certain circumstances set forth in the Indenture. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, at the Companys election, cash, shares of the Companys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, subject to an irrevocable settlement method election that may be made by the Company. The Convertible Notes will be convertible at an initial conversion rate of 46.5631 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $21.48 per share of the Companys common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The Company will not have the right to redeem the Convertible Notes at its option prior to maturity. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. In addition, if certain corporate events occur in respect of the Company, holders of the Convertible Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest through, but excluding, the required repurchase date. 
287500000 
The Convertible Notes will mature on September 1, 2028 (the Maturity Date), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per year payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2025. The Convertible Notes will be unsecured obligations of the Company and will rank senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Convertible Notes; equal in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Convertible Notes and the Trustee if the Company ceases to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>