<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-015309.txt : 20250219
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-015309.hdr.sgml : 20250219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219162146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-015309
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250218
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BGC Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001094831
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				863748217
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35591
		FILM NUMBER:		25640412

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		499 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-610-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		499 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BGC Partners, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESPEED INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990913
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231344-8k_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000109483100010948312025-02-182025-02-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): February 18, 2025

BGC Group, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35591 86-3748217

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

499 Park Avenue, New York,
NY10022

(Address of principal executive
offices)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (212) 610-2200

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material
pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value BGC The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an
emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Howard
Lutnick Confirmed as 41st United States Secretary of Commerce; Steps Down as BGC Group Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

On February
18, 2025, Howard Lutnick, Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Board) and Chief Executive Officer of BGC Group,
Inc. (BGC or the Company), informed the Company that he has stepped down as Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, effective February 18, 2025, as a result of his confirmation by the United States Senate as the
41st Secretary of Commerce. Howard Lutnicks departure was not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or the
Board.

The
Company issued a press release regarding Howard Lutnicks confirmation as the 41st Secretary of Commerce. A copy of the press release
is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Brandon
Lutnick Appointed to Board of Directors

On February
18, 2025, the Board appointed Brandon Lutnick to serve as a member of the Board, effective February 18, 2025, for a term to expire
at the earlier of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, or until his successor is duly elected and qualified. Brandon
Lutnick will not be appointed to any Committees of the Board.

Brandon
Lutnick, age 27, is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. (Cantor), our controlling
stockholder, and Cantor Fitzgerald Securities, and Chief Executive Officer of CF Group Management, Inc., the managing general
partner of Cantor (CFGM). Brandon joined Cantor in 2022 and most recently has worked in the Office of the Chairman,
managing strategy and overseeing other special projects relating to Cantor and its affiliates. Since 2024, Brandon Lutnick has also
served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cantors special purpose acquisition companies, commonly referred to as
SPACs, including Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. and Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. Brandon Lutnick joined Cantor in 2022 in equity
sales and trading. Prior to his positions at Cantor, Brandon Lutnick began his career as a Credit Analyst at Oak Hill Advisors, L.P.
In 2021, Brandon Lutnick graduated from Stanford University with a Bachelors degree in Symbolic Systems.

Brandon
Lutnick is the son of our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Howard Lutnick, and has no family relationships with any of our
current officers or directors. There are no arrangements or understandings between Brandon Lutnick and any other person pursuant to which
he was selected as a director. Brandon Lutnick does not have any interests requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Brandon
Lutnick will not receive any compensation for his service on the Board.

The
Company issued a press release regarding the appointment of Brandon Lutnick. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Stephen
Merkel Appointed to Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors

On February
18, 2025, the Board appointed Stephen Merkel, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, to serve as a member of the Board,
effective February 18, 2025, for a term to expire at the earlier of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, or until
his successor is duly elected and qualified. Additionally, the Board appointed Mr. Merkel to serve as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Merkel
will not be appointed to any Committees of the Board.

Stephen
Merkel, age 66, has served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since 2001, which positions will not change as a result
of his appointment to the Board. He is also on the Board of Directors of our FMX business. Mr. Merkel is Executive Vice Chairman,
Executive Managing Director, and General Counsel for the Cantor group of companies, including Cantor, CFGM and Cantor Fitzgerald &
Co. Mr. Merkel has been Chief Legal Officer, Executive Vice President and Assistant Corporate Secretary of Newmark Group, Inc. (Newmark)
since 2019. Mr. Merkel also holds offices at and provides services to various other affiliates of Cantor and provides services to BGCs
and Newmarks operating partnerships and subsidiaries, as applicable. Prior to joining Cantor in 1993, Mr. Merkel was Vice President
and Assistant General Counsel at Goldman Sachs & Co., dedicated to
the J. Aron Division, and prior to that, he was an associate with the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison. Prior
to that, he was a law clerk for the Honorable Irving R. Kaufman of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr. Merkel received
a Bachelors degree with a major in History and Sociology of Science from the University of Pennsylvania and received his law degree
from the University of Michigan Law School.

1

Mr.
Merkel is currently on the Board of Trustees of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden and on the Board of Directors of the Brooklyn Bridge Park
Corporation. He was a founding member of the Wholesale Markets Brokers Association for the Americas.

There
are no family relationships between any of the Companys directors or officers and Mr. Merkel that are required to be disclosed
under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. Except as previously described in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
filed with the SEC on August 2, 2024 (2024 Proxy) under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence, which information is incorporated herein by reference, Mr. Merkel does not have any interests in any
transactions requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There have been no changes made to Mr. Merkels plans, contracts
or arrangements with the Company in connection with his appointment to the Board. He will not receive any compensation for his service
on the Board.

The
Company issued a press release regarding the appointment of Mr. Merkel. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Co-CEO
Appointments

On February
18, 2025, the Board appointed John Abularrage, Jean-Pierre (JP) Aubin, and Sean Windeatt as Co-Chief Executive Officers
of the Company, effective as of February 18, 2025. Following Howard Lutnicks departure, Messrs. Abularrage, Aubin, and Windeatt
will be the Principal Executive Officers of the Company.

The
Company issued a press release regarding the appointments. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

John
Abularrage

John
Abularrage, age 47, has served as BGCs Chief Executive Officer of the Americas since 2021, which position he will continue to
hold. Mr. Abularrage joined BGC Group in 2021, bringing more than 20 years of financial services experience to the business. He has served
as a Global Co-Head of Financial Services Brokerage from 2021 to 2025. Prior to BGC, Mr. Abularrage held various senior positions at
TP ICAP plc, a financial services firm, from 2011 to 2021, including Chief Executive Officer of the Americas and Head of Global Brokering.
Prior to that, Mr. Abularrage held positions at Collin Stewart, Inc. from 2000 to 2011 including Chief Executive Officer of North America
and prior to that Head of Equities. In 1999, Mr. Abularrage graduated from Georgetown University McDonough School of Business with a
Bachelors degree in Business Administration.

There
are no family relationships between any of the Companys directors or officers and Mr. Abularrage that are required to be disclosed
under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Abularrage does not have any interests in any transactions requiring disclosure under Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K.

Mr.
Abularrages compensation arrangements are described herein under John Abularrage Agreements below.

JP
Aubin

JP Aubin,
age 56, has served as BGCs Chief Executive Officer of EMEA since 2008, which position he will continue to hold. He has served
as a Global Co-Head of Financial Services Brokerage from 2020 to 2025. Mr. Aubin joined BGC in 2005 and helped drive the companys
rapid expansion in Europe, which included the acquisitions of ETC Pollak in 2005 and Aurel BGC in 2006, of which he was made President
in 2012. In 2008, Mr. Aubin was named Global Head for Listed Products. Prior to these positions, from 2008 to 2020, Mr. Aubin was an
Executive Managing Director for BGC and from 2005 to 2008, Mr. Aubin was President of the Continental European region for BGC. Prior
to his positions at BGC, Mr. Aubin began his career at the Viel-Tradition Group in 1999 after being part of the Barclays Bank student
training program. After trading futures and options for 10 years in both London and Paris, he was promoted in 2000 to President and Global
Head of Listed Products for Continental Europe. Mr. Aubin has been a member of the board of the French cultural organization Runion
des Muses Nationaux since 2015. In 2022, JP Aubin founded the JP Aubin Family Foundation, a charitable organization which focuses
on providing children with access to museums and other cultural opportunities. In 2023, Mr. Aubin was awarded Commandeur des Arts et
des Lettres. Mr. Aubin graduated in 1989 from the French business school Ecole dAdministration et de Direction des affaires (EAD)
with a Masters degree in economics.

There
are no family relationships between any of the Companys directors or officers and Mr. Aubin that are required to be disclosed
under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Aubin does not have any interests in any transactions requiring disclosure under Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K.

Mr.
Aubins compensation arrangements are described herein under JP Aubin Agreements below.

2

Sean
Windeatt

Sean
A. Windeatt, age 51, has served as BGCs Chief Operating Officer since 2009, which position he will continue to hold. He has
served as a Global Co-Head of Financial Services Brokerage from 2023 to 2025 and Chief Executive Officer of BGC Brokers, L.P. from
2012 to 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Windeatt served as BGC Partners Interim Chief Financial Officer from 2018 until
2019. Prior to these positions, Mr. Windeatt was Executive Managing Director and Vice President of BGC Partners from 2007 to 2009
and served as a Director of Cantor Fitzgerald International from 2004 to 2007. Mr. Windeatt also provides services to our operating
partnerships and subsidiaries. Mr. Windeatt also served as a Business Manager and member of the finance department of Cantor
Fitzgerald International from 1997 to 2003. Mr. Windeatt began his career at United Assurance in 1996. In 1996, Mr. Windeatt
graduated from the University of Bedfordshire with a Bachelors degree in Business Administration (Finance).

There
are no family relationships between any of the Companys directors or officers and Mr. Windeatt that are required to be disclosed
under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. Except as previously described in the 2024 Proxy under the heading Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, which information is incorporated herein by reference, Mr. Windeatt does
not have any interests in any transactions requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Mr.
Windeatts compensation arrangements are described herein under Sean Windeatt Amended Deed of Adherence below.

John Abularrage Agreements

Abularrage Employment
Agreement

On February
18, 2025, BGC Financial, L.P. (BGC Financial), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an amended and restated employment
agreement with John Abularrage, effective as of February 18, 2025 (the Abularrage Employment Agreement). Pursuant to
the terms of the Abularrage Employment Agreement, Mr. Abularrage will receive a base salary of $750,000 (Base Salary) per
year and an annual bonus of $2,500,000 (with the Base Salary, the Guaranteed Total Compensation) provided that Mr. Abularrage
remains in Good Standing (as defined in the Abularrage Employment Agreement) as described therein. Pursuant to the terms of the Abularrage
Employment Agreement, up to twenty-five percent (25%) of Mr. Abularrages annual Guaranteed Total Compensation may be awarded in
the form of an equity award of restricted stock units (RSUs) containing ratable 5-year vesting periods, as determined annually
by the Compensation Committee of the Company.

The
Abularrage Employment Agreement provides for a term through at least December 31, 2034 (the Abularrage Employment Term)
except the Company may terminate the Abularrage Employment Term by written notice (i) in the case of disability, 150 days in any period
of 285 consecutive days, or (ii) for Cause (as defined therein). Mr. Abularrage shall remain an employee of the Company following the
termination of the Abularrage Employment Term except in the case that either party provides at least (i) thirty-six (36) months
written notice (the Termination Notice) to voluntarily terminate his employment following the Abularrage Employment Term.
If the Abularrage Employment Term is terminated via the Termination Notice, any of Mr. Abularrages RSUs granted under the Abularrage
Employment Agreement shall continue to vest for a period of one (1) year following the termination of the Abularrage Employment Term,
or two (2) years following the termination of the Abularrage Employment Term if Mr. Abularrage was paid $3,250,000 in excess of his Guaranteed
Total Compensation, including any signing bonus previously distributed pursuant to Mr. Abularrages prior employment agreement,
during the Abularrage Employment Term, provided that in each case Mr. Abularrage has not materially breached any of the provisions of
the Abularrage Employment Agreement during the Abularrage Employment Term and complies with the non-competition and non-solicitation
provisions as described below.

The
Abularrage Employment Agreement provides for customary confidentiality provisions. Pursuant to the Abularrage Employment Agreement, Mr.
Abularrage is subject to (i) a non-competition provision during the Term and for a period of one (1) year following the termination of
the Abularrage Employment Term and relating to any business activity that is in competition with, or otherwise related to or arises from,
the then current or contemplated business of BGC or any affiliate, or two (2) years in the case that Mr. Abularrage was paid $3,250,000
in excess of his Guaranteed Total Compensation, including any signing bonus previously distributed pursuant to Mr. Abularrages
prior employment agreement, during the Abularrage Employment Term (the Restrictive Period), (ii) a non-solicitation provision
relating to the Companys clients (as described therein) for a period of one (1) year following the termination of the Abularrage
Employment Term, or two (2) years in the case that Mr. Abularrage was paid $3,250,000 in excess of his Guaranteed Total Compensation,
including any signing bonus previously distributed pursuant to Mr. Abularrages prior employment agreement, during the Abularrage
Employment Term, and (iii) a non-solicitation provision relating to the Companys employees for a period of three (3) years following
the termination of the Abularrage Employment Term During the Restrictive Period. Mr. Abularrage shall be paid monthly an amount equal
to one-twelfth (1/12th) of his annualized salary at the time of the termination of the Abularrage Employment Term, provided that Mr.
Abularrage is in compliance with all restrictive covenants related to the Restrictive Period as described in the Abularrage Employment
Agreement.

The
foregoing description of the Abularrage Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Abularrage Employment Agreement which is Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

3

Abularrage Bonus Pool
Letter

On February
18, 2025, BGC Financial entered into an amended and restated bonus pool letter with John Abularrage, effective as of February 18,
2025 (the Abularrage Bonus Letter). Under the terms of the Abularrage Bonus Letter, Mr. Abularrage is eligible for a seventy-five
percent (75%) allocation (Pool Allocation) of an incentive bonus pool (the Bonus Pool) relating to the Profit
Before Tax (PBT) of the Core Business, Americas Acquisitions, and Portfolio Match businesses of the Company, each as described
therein, during the Abularrage Employment Term. The Compensation Committee of the Company shall determine the Bonus Pool annually and
make all final determinations on a calendar year basis. Pursuant to the terms of the Abularrage Bonus Letter, up to twenty-five
percent (25%) of Mr. Abularrages bonus compensation under the Abularrage Bonus Letter may be awarded in the form of an equity
award of RSUs containing ratable 5-year vesting periods, as determined annually by the Compensation Committee of the Company.

With
respect to each calendar year of the Abularrage Employment, the Bonus Pool shall be calculated as: (1) the applicable Bonus Pool
Payout Rate (as defined in the Abularrage Bonus Letter) multiplied by the Bonus PBT (as defined in the Abularrage Bonus Letter) plus
(2) five percent (5%) of the incremental Portfolio Match PBT (as defined in the Abularrage Bonus Letter), if any, above fifteen
million dollars ($15,000,000) (Bonus PM PBT), provided that Mr. Abularrage shall only be eligible for a Pool
Allocation based on a Bonus PM PBT to the extent he has not met his Total Contractual Compensation (as defined in the Abularrage
Bonus Letter) cap of $15,000,000 with respect to the same calendar year. If the Bonus PBT is a negative number (the Bonus PBT
Deficit), then that Bonus PBT Deficit shall be carried forward year to year and offset on a dollar-for-dollar basis as part
of the calculation of the Bonus Pool in each subsequent calculation period until such Bonus PBT Deficit has been fully offset.

Additionally,
Mr. Abularrage will be eligible to receive discretionary incentive bonus awards under the BGC Group, Inc. Incentive Bonus Compensation
Plan and BGC Group, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan. To be eligible to receive bonuses under the Abularrage Bonus Letter, Mr. Abularrage
must remain in Good Standing (as defined therein) as of the applicable award or grant date of any bonus awards.

The
foregoing description of the Abularrage Bonus Letter does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the Abularrage Bonus Letter which is Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

JP Aubin Agreements

Aubin Employment Agreement

On
February 18, 2025, BGC Brokers LP (BGC Brokers), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an amended and restated
employment agreement with JP Aubin, effective as of February 18, 2025 (the Aubin Employment Agreement). Pursuant
to the terms of the Aubin Employment Agreement, Mr. Aubin will receive a base salary of 705,000 per year (approximately
$739,439 per year as of February 18, 2025) and additional benefits as described therein, including an annual housing allowance and
company car. Additionally, Mr. Aubin will be eligible to receive discretionary incentive bonus awards under the BGC Group, Inc.
Incentive Bonus Compensation Plan and BGC Group, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan.

The
Aubin Employment Agreement provides for a term through at least December 31, 2029 (the Aubin Employment Term), except in
the case that either party provides at least (i) two (2) years notice to voluntarily terminate the Aubin Employment Term, (ii)
three (3) months notice to terminate the Aubin Employment Term in the case of injury or sickness for six (6) consecutive months
in any period of twelve (12) months, or (iii) for cause.

The
Aubin Employment Agreement provides for customary confidentiality provisions. Pursuant to the Aubin Employment Agreement, Mr. Aubin is
subject to (i) a non-competition provision during the Aubin Employment Term and for a period of two (2) years following the termination
of the Aubin Employment Term and relating to Restricted Business (as defined therein) and (ii) a non-solicitation provision relating
to the Companys clients (as described therein) for a period of twelve (12) months and employees for a period of thirty-six (36)
months following the termination of the Aubin Employment Term. The foregoing description of the Aubin Employment Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Aubin Employment Agreement which is Exhibit 10.3
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

4

Aubin
Consultancy Agreement

On
February 18, 2025, BGC Services (Holdings) LLP (the U.K. Partnership) entered into a consultancy contract with JP
Aubin, effective as of February 18, 2025 (the Aubin Consultancy Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Aubin
Consultancy Agreement, Mr. Aubin will receive a consultancy fee of 100,000 per year (approximately $104,885 per year as of February 17, 2025). The Aubin Consultancy Agreement
provides for a term commencing on the earlier of the termination date of the Aubin Employment Agreement and the Aubin Employment
Term, and provides for a term of up to three (3) years following the commencement date, unless otherwise terminated by Mr. Aubin at
an earlier date (the Consultancy Term).

The
Aubin Consultancy Agreement provides for customary confidentiality provisions. Pursuant to the Aubin Consultancy Agreement, Mr. Aubin
is subject to (i) a non-competition provision during the Consultancy Term and for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination
of the Consultancy Term and relating to Restricted Business (as defined therein) and (ii) a non-solicitation provision relating to the
Companys clients and employees (as described therein) for a period of twelve (12) months following the termination of the Consultancy
Term. The foregoing description of the Aubin Consultancy Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the Aubin Consultancy Agreement which is Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Sean
Windeatt Amended Deed of Adherence

On February
18, 2025, Sean Windeatt and the U.K. Partnership executed a Deed of Amendment (the 2025 Deed of Amendment), which amends
the Deed of Adherence, dated January 22, 2014, between Mr. Windeatt and the U.K. Partnership and the Deeds of Amendment, dated February
24, 2017, November 5, 2020 and July 12, 2023, between Mr. Windeatt and the U.K. Partnership (as amended, the Deed). The
disclosure regarding Mr. Windeatts Deed of Adherence and prior Deeds of Amendment in the 2024 Proxy under the heading Compensation
Discussion and Analysis Employment Agreements and Deeds of Adherence, is incorporated herein by reference.

Pursuant
to the 2025 Deed of Amendment, Mr. Windeatts membership in the U.K. Partnership was extended to a minimum initial period of up
to and including June 30, 2034 (the Initial Period). In addition, under the 2025 Deed of Amendment, commencing July 1,
2032, either party may terminate the Deed by giving written notice to the other party at least 24 months prior to the expiration of the
Initial Period. Mr. Windeatts membership, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Deed, will continue following
June 30, 2034 on the same terms and conditions set forth in the Deed until written notice to terminate is provided and the 24-month notice
period expires.

Pursuant
to the 2025 Deed of Amendment, Mr. Windeatt is also entitled to an increase in drawings from an aggregate amount of 700,000
per year (58,333 per month) (approximately $881,615 per year or $73,467 per month as of February 18, 2025) to an aggregate
amount of 750,000 per year (62,500 per month) (approximately $944,587 per year or $78,716 per month as of February 18,
2025) effective January 1, 2025, which shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the Company annually. Additionally, in
connection with the execution of the 2025 Deed of Amendment, Mr. Windeatt will be awarded a one-time allocation of profit in the sum
of $460,000 (less applicable income tax deductions and insurance contributions).

The
2025 Deed of Amendment extends Mr. Windeatts employee non-solicitation provision duration to thirty-six (36) months. All other
terms and conditions of Mr. Windeatts membership in the U.K. Partnership are unaffected by the 2025 Deed of Amendment. The foregoing
description of the 2025 Deed of Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the 2025 Deed of Amendment which is Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

5

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

The exhibit
index set forth below is incorporated by reference in response to this Item 9.01.

EXHIBIT
INDEX

Exhibit 

Number Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 18, 2025, by and between John Abularrage and BGC Financial, L.P.

10.2 Amended and Restated Bonus Letter, dated February 18, 2025, by and between John Abularrage and BGC Financial, L.P.

10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 18, 2025, by and between JP Aubin and BGC Brokers LP

10.4 Amended and Restated Consultancy Contract, dated February 18, 2025, by and between JP Aubin and BGC Services (Holdings) LLP

10.5 Deed of Amendment, dated February 18, 2025, to the Amended and Restated Deed of Adherence, between Sean A. Windeatt and BGC Services (Holdings) LLP

99.1 BGC Group, Inc. Press Release re: Howard Lutnicks confirmation as the 41st Secretary of Commerce dated February 18, 2025.

99.2 BGC Group, Inc. Press Release re: Board of Directors appointments dated February 18, 2025.

99.3 BGC Group, Inc. Press Release re: Co-CEO appointments dated February 18, 2025.

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL

6

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

BGC Group, Inc.

Date: February 19, 2025 By: /s/ Sean A. Windeatt

Name: Sean A. Windeatt

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Form 8-K regarding Howard Lutnicks confirmation as the 41st Secretary of Commerce dated February 19, 2025]

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex10-1_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN JOHN ABULARRAGE AND BGC FINANCIAL, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This amended and restated
employment agreement (the Agreement), dated as of February 18, 2025, is made and entered into by and between
BGC Financial, L.P., a limited partnership, with offices at 199 Water Street, New York, New York 10038, together with its successors and
assigns (collectively, BGC), and John Abularrage, residing at 25 East 86th Street, New York, New
York 10028 (Employee).

WHEREAS, Employee is employed
by BGC pursuant to an employment agreement between Employee and BGC, dated as of November 20, 2020 (together with any amendments, the
Prior Agreement);

WHEREAS, BGC and Employee
desire to enter into this Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth below, to provide for the continued employment of Employee
for the term herein specified; and

WHEREAS, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall supersede the terms and conditions of the Prior Agreement as of the Start Date (as defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements set forth below, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, BGC and Employee hereby agree as follows:

Section 1.
Employment and Term.

(a) BGC
agrees to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to serve on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, as Co-Global Head of
Financial Services Brokerage of BGC Group1 and in such other senior leadership capacity as may be determined by the Board2
with the duties set forth in Section 2, for a term commencing as of January 1, 2025 (the Start Date), and
ending on December 31, 2034, unless earlier terminated as specified in Section 4 below (the Initial Term)
(the Initial Term, together with any subsequent employment period pursuant to Section 1(b) below, referred to herein as the Term
of Agreement).

(b) The
Term of Agreement shall, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 4 below, continue following the expiration of the Initial Term
on the same terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement, until the thirty-sixth (36)-month anniversary of the date on which either
party notifies the other party in writing of its intention to terminate this Agreement, provided that such termination shall in
no event be effective prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, unless this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its
terms. For clarity, this Agreement may be terminated at the expiration of the Initial Term so long as either party provides written notice
to the other party of such termination at least thirty-six (36) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term.

1 BGC Group means BGC Group, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (inclusive of successors and assigns of each).

2 Board means the then-current
Board of Directors of BGC Group, its designee(s) (provided such designee is a member of senior management with authority) or its Compensation
Committee with respect to compensation-related matters, as applicable.

Section 2.
Duties.

Employee agrees that during
the Term of Agreement, Employee will perform such duties and assignments relating to his position as Co-Global Head of Financial Services
Brokerage of BGC Group and such other similar activities relating to the brokerage business of BGC and/or any Affiliate3,
as the Board shall direct. Without limiting the foregoing, Employee shall be responsible for such businesses and/or products of BGC Groups
Financial Services Brokerage businesses in the Americas as determined and assigned by the Board from time to time. During the Term of
Agreement, Employee shall devote all of Employees business time, attention, and energies to the performance of Employees
duties and to the business and affairs of BGC and to promoting the best interests of BGC. Employee shall not, either during or outside
of normal business hours, directly or indirectly, engage in any activity inimical to such best interests. During the Term of Agreement,
Employees principal place of employment shall be in the New York tri-state area, provided that Employee understands, acknowledges,
and agrees that (i) Employee may be required to travel on business from time to time, and (ii) Employee may be required to work in
an alternative location in the event of a disruption, pandemic, or other event rendering BGCs offices in the principal place of
employment unusable, as determined by BGC4. BGC retains the right, in its sole discretion, to place Employee on paid administrative
leave if it reasonably determines that the circumstances so warrant, and/or to provide Employee with alternative work of a similar nature
to the work Employee may be asked to normally perform.

Section 3.
Compensation During the Term of Agreement.

(a) During the Term of
Agreement, BGC shall pay to Employee a salary at the rate of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000) per annum (the
Salary), less all applicable withholdings and deductions. Employees Salary shall be payable in
accordance with BGCs payroll practices in effect at the time (as of the date of this Agreement, on or about the
15th and the last day of each month).

3 Affiliate means, with respect
to any specified entity, any entity, whether now existing or hereafter arising, that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or under common control with such specified entity.

4 For avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Agreement, any
determinations by BGC Group or any Affiliate thereof in relation to Employee shall be made by the Board.

2

(b) In consideration for
Employee entering into this Agreement, agreeing to its terms and conditions, and providing services through the Term of Agreement,
and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, Employee shall receive an annual bonus with respect to each calendar year
during the Term of Agreement in the gross amount of Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000) (each such bonus, a
Guaranteed Bonus). Distribution of each Guaranteed Bonus issued under the terms herein is currently
expected to be made at such time as bonuses with respect to the applicable calendar year are generally distributed to other
similarly situated senior management executives of BGC Groups Financial Services Brokerage businesses in connection with the
year-end compensation review process for the applicable year (the cash portion of which shall be distributed by March 15 of the year
in which the applicable Guaranteed Bonus is distributed5). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, it is a
condition precedent to Employees earning and/or receipt of any Guaranteed Bonus (or any portion thereof) that Employee is in
Good Standing6 as of the applicable
distribution, vesting, or payment date of any Guaranteed Bonus (or any portion thereof)7, except that (i) if
Employee is in Good Standing through December 31 of the applicable year during the Term of Agreement, then Employee shall receive
the Guaranteed Bonus with respect to that calendar year even if Employee is not employed by BGC as of the applicable bonus
distribution date, and (ii) if BGC terminates Employees employment following the end of the Term of Agreement in accordance
with Section 1(b)(i) above, then the portion of the Guaranteed Bonus(es) distributed in the form of Grant Awards (as defined below)
pursuant to Section 3(c) of this Agreement shall continue to vest for one (1) year following the termination of Employees
employment or, if and only if Employee is paid cash compensation from BGC and/or any Affiliate in the gross amount of at
least Three Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($3,250,000) in excess of Employees Salary, signing bonus previously
distributed pursuant to the Prior Agreement, and Guaranteed Bonus(es), for two (2) years following the termination of
Employees employment, in all cases subject to the terms of the applicable award documents, provided that with respect
to both of the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii), as of the applicable Guaranteed Bonus distribution date and/or Grant
Award vesting date, as applicable, Employee has not at any time (x) materially breached this Agreement or any provision thereof
or any other agreement between Employee and BGC or any Affiliate or any provision of any such agreement, provided that any
breach of any provision of Section 5 of this Agreement or any breach of any provision regarding non-competition,
non-solicitation, or non-disparagement in any other agreement between Employee and BGC or any Affiliate shall in all cases be deemed
material, (y) engaged in any act or omission that would constitute Cause, or (z) engaged in any competitive activity as
described in Section 5(b) from the Start Date through the applicable vesting date occurring during the one (1) year following the
termination of Employees employment or, if and only, if Employee is paid cash compensation from BGC and/or any
Affiliate in the gross amount of at least Three Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($3,250,000) in excess of
Employees Salary, signing bonus previously distributed pursuant to the Prior Agreement, and Guaranteed Bonus(es), during the
two (2) years following the termination of Employees employment, in all cases even if BGC does not enforce or shortens the
Restricted Period.

5 If, due to administrative or ministerial error or delay,
the cash portion of any Guaranteed Bonus is not paid by March 15 of the year in which the applicable Guaranteed Bonus is distributed,
then BGC shall have until April 30 of such year to cure such late payment.

6 Good Standing means that, as
reasonably determined by BGC Group in good faith: (a) with respect to the Guaranteed Bonuses: (i) Employee is employed by BGC or an Affiliate
in good standing (i.e., Employee has not been given notice of termination in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement and (x)
is not on suspension or under investigation for conduct (or omission) that would constitute Cause (as defined below), (y) is
not on suspension ordered by or agreed to with FINRA or any other governmental or non-governmental regulatory or legal authority,
and (z) fully and truthfully cooperates with all investigations to the extent requested or required by BGC; (ii) Employee (x) is performing
substantial services for BGC or any Affiliate, or (y) is not performing substantial services for BGC or any Affiliate solely because
Employee has been instructed in writing by a duly authorized official of BGC or an Affiliate to cease performing substantial services
for BGC and its Affiliates during the notice period set forth in Section 1(b) of this Agreement (i.e., if Employee is placed on garden
leave); (iii) Employee has not at any time materially breached this Agreement or any provision thereof or any other agreement
between Employee and BGC or any Affiliate or any provision of any such agreement, provided that any breach of any provision of
Section 5 of this Agreement or any breach of any provision regarding non-competition, non-solicitation, or non-disparagement in any other
agreement between Employee and BGC or any Affiliate shall in all cases be deemed material; and (iv) Employee has not engaged in any act
or omission constituting Cause; and (b) with respect to any other circumstance, (i) Employee is employed by BGC or an Affiliate in good
standing (i.e., Employee has not been given notice of and is not on suspension or under investigation); (ii) Employee is
performing substantial services for BGC or any Affiliate; (iii) Employee has neither given nor received notice of separation from
employment; (iv) Employee has not at any time materially breached this Agreement or any provision thereof or any other agreement between
Employee and BGC or any Affiliate or any provision of any such agreement, provided that any breach of any provision of Section
5 of this Agreement or any breach of any provision regarding non-competition, non-solicitation, or non-disparagement in any other agreement
between Employee and BGC or any Affiliate shall in all cases be deemed material; and (v) Employee has not engaged in any act or omission
constituting Cause (defined below).

7 In addition to the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) and
(ii) of Section 3(b), if Employee does not receive a Guaranteed Bonus solely because Employee is not in Good Standing as of the applicable
bonus distribution date solely because Employee was under investigation as of such date (i) by any governmental or non-governmental regulatory
or legal authority, or (ii) by BGC for conduct (or omission) that would constitute Cause, and such governmental or non-governmental regulatory
or legal authority (in the case of clause (i)) or BGC (in the case of clause (ii)) later determines as a result of such investigation
that Employee did not engage in any of the conduct (or omission) investigated (or determines that any such conduct was de minimis or
immaterial and did not cause any harm to BGC), then the applicable Guaranteed Bonus shall be distributed as soon as practicable following
such determination by BGC if and only if Employee is in Good Standing on such bonus distribution date.

3

(c) Employee
understands, acknowledges, and agrees that up to twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate non-discretionary compensation-related
amounts attributed to Employee by the Board, whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (e.g., the Salary and Guaranteed
Bonus), with respect to the applicable calendar year, may, as determined in the sole discretion of the Board, be distributed in the
form of a Grant Award.8 The Grant Award portion issued under the terms herein is currently anticipated to be
distributed in the form of BGC Group, Inc. restricted stock units (RSUs), which shall vest ratably
one-fifth (1/5) on each of the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fourth (4th), and fifth (5th) year anniversaries of their
vesting start date, subject to the terms of the applicable award documentation. Employee agrees to execute documents as reasonably
necessary to effectuate acceptance of any such Grant Award(s).

(d) Employee shall be
entitled each year to participate in such employee benefit plans and programs as BGC may from time to time generally offer to
employees of BGC. Employee also will be eligible for vacation in accordance with BGC policy as determined by the management of BGC
from time to time. BGC shall not pay Employee compensation for any accrued but unused vacation time, including, without limitation,
upon separation from employment with BGC, other than as required by law.

(e) All compensation
shall be subject to withholding and other applicable taxes.

(f) Employee agrees that
any compensation paid or distributed to Employee subsequent to the termination of Employees employment with BGC (if any)
shall only be payable upon execution, delivery, and, if applicable, non-revocation by Employee of a general unconditional release in
favor of BGC and its Affiliates in a form satisfactory to BGC.

Section 4.
Termination.

(a) During the Term of
Agreement, BGC may terminate this Agreement immediately for Cause (subject to any applicable notice or cure periods that may apply
to such termination), and notice of such termination shall be sent to Employee. For the purposes hereof,
Cause means that, as reasonably determined by BGC in good faith, Employee has engaged in:
(i) fraud, embezzlement, and/or theft; (ii) misappropriation of any amount of money or other assets or property of BGC, any of
its Affiliates or any of its or their customers or clients; (iii) dishonesty relating to Employees duties or obligations
under this Agreement or a false statement or misleading omission made to BGC, any of its Affiliates or any of its or their officers,
directors, or employees; (iv) breach of Employees fiduciary duties to BGC or any of its Affiliates; (v) material
nonperformance of this Agreement or any of the provisions of this Agreement or material breach of this Agreement or any of the
provisions of this Agreement, provided that any breach of any provision of Section 5 of this Agreement shall in all cases be
deemed material; (vi) conduct that constitutes, or results in a conviction of (including any pleas of nolo contendere),
a crime under U.S. federal, state or local laws or any applicable foreign laws; (vii) failure to follow any material (which
includes, inter alia, substantive) and lawful direction by the Board; (viii) failure to follow BGCs policies, rules,
codes of conduct, procedures, or guidelines that, to the extent curable as determined by BGC in good faith (for the avoidance of
doubt, any conduct that could give rise to a violation of law or legal liability to Employee, BGC or any of its Affiliates shall in
no event be curable), is not cured within ten (10) days of written notice of Employee from BGC or its designee, except that
such notice and opportunity to cure conditions need not be provided if Employee commits any infraction or fails to follow a policy,
rule, code of conduct, procedure or guideline that is of a similar nature or type for which he has previously been provided written
notice and opportunity to cure; (ix) a violation by Employee or Employee aiding and abetting any violation by another of any law,
order, rule or regulation pertaining to Employee (other than a misdemeanor that does not relate to Employees duties or
obligations under this Agreement and is not reportable on a FINRA Form U4, such as a minor traffic violation) or pertaining to BGC
or any of its Affiliates, including, among others, the rules, regulations and by laws of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA); (x) illegal drug use; or (xi) unsatisfactory attendance (for avoidance of doubt,
Employees working from home or another remote location during a pandemic when required by applicable governmental guidance or
as an accommodation approved by BGC, travel for business and absence due to sick days or vacation that is in accordance with BGC
policy shall not be deemed to be unsatisfactory attendance).

8 A Grant Award means a contingent
non-cash grant, which shall be subject to the terms of the grant documents under which such non-cash is awarded, including any vesting,
cancellation, and restrictive covenant provisions contained therein; provided, however, that the vesting terms and conditions
of the Grant Award portion of the Guaranteed Bonus as set forth in Section 3(b) shall be on the vesting terms and conditions set forth
in Section 3(b) or on vesting terms and conditions that are no more onerous than the vesting terms and conditions set forth in Section
3(b). The form, manner, and valuation of any such Grant Award shall be determined in the sole discretion of BGC Group, but shall be on
similar terms as are given to other similarly situated employees of BGC. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as requiring BGC
Group to procure the grant of any particular type of contingent non-cash grant award or prevents BGC Group from procuring the grant of
any other type of contingent non-cash grant award from time to time. Employee understands, acknowledges, and agrees that BGC Group reserves
the right to equitably adjust any Grant Award in accordance with applicable laws if the securities or other equity interests (if any)
awarded in connection with such Grant Award shall have been increased, decreased, changed into, or exchanged for a different number or
kind of securities or equity interests (or other property) as a result of a subdivision, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, combination or other similar change. For the avoidance of doubt, where BGC Group procures
that any payment, award, benefit, or loan of money or property (including, without limitation, distributions in respect of such award
and the application of any distributions) (each, an Award), pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, is provided
to Employee by BGC Group or an Affiliate, Employee agrees that BGC Group shall be entitled to treat such Award as being in satisfaction
of any of its own obligations to Employee. [9] Restricted
Period means (i) during Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate, and (ii) through the later of (A) the expiration
of the Term of Agreement, and (B) a period of one (1) year immediately following the termination of Employees employment with
BGC or any Affiliate for any reason whatsoever, plus, if during the Term of Agreement Employee is paid cash compensation from BGC and/or
any Affiliate in the gross amount of at least Three Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($3,250,000) in excess of Employees
Salary, signing bonus previously distributed pursuant to the Prior Agreement, and Guaranteed Bonus(es), an additional one (1) year.

4

(b) If, in BGCs
reasonable judgment during the Term of Agreement, Employee is incapable of performing the essential functions of his position, with
or without reasonable accommodation, by reason of physical or mental disability, for a period of 150 out of 285 consecutive days,
BGC at its option may thereafter terminate this Agreement with Employee and notice of such termination may be sent to Employee. The
payment of Employees Salary during any period of disability shall be in accordance with the then-current policy of BGC
(including, without limitation, any policies relating to short- or long-term disability benefits and/or insurance). If BGC
terminates the Term of Agreement pursuant to this Section, BGCs only obligation shall be to pay Employee his Salary through
the date on which such termination of this Agreement for disability occurs in accordance with the then-current policy of BGC
(including, without limitation, any policies relating to short- or long-term disability benefits and/or insurance). If Employee is
incapable of performing the essential functions of his position, with or without a reasonable accommodation, BGC may assign one or
more other individual(s) to perform the functions of Employees position and such assignment during all or a portion of any
such period of incapacity shall be deemed not to be a breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BGC may, in
accordance with its obligations (if any) under federal, state or local law, place Employee on unpaid leave of absence during all or
a portion of any such period of incapacity prior to a termination by reason of disability. If Employee shall die during the Term of
Agreement, the Term of Agreement shall automatically terminate, and BGCs only obligation under this Agreement shall be to pay
to Employees legal representatives, or in accordance with a direction given by Employee to BGC in writing, Employees
Salary and pro-rated Guaranteed Bonus through the date on which such death occurs and to vest Employees then currently
unvested RSUs when administratively practicable after such death.

(c) If BGC continues to
employ Employee after the end of the Term of Agreement, then Employee automatically will become an employee at will, and BGC or
Employee may terminate Employees employment with or without notice, with or without Cause, or for no reason at all. This
Agreement shall no longer govern the terms of the Employees compensation when Employee is an employee at will. While Employee
is an employee at will, the terms of the Employees employment, including, but not limited to Employees compensation,
shall be governed by BGCs policies then in effect; provided, however, that Employee shall remain subject to the
restrictions set forth in Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, and 10 of this Agreement.

(d) Upon cessation of
Employees employment with BGC for any reason, Employee will promptly resign from any officer and/or director positions
Employee may hold in connection with Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate.

Section
5. Non-Competition; Non-Disclosure; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement.

(a) Employee
acknowledges that during Employees employment with BGC, Employee has access to and has become acquainted with BGCs
confidential records and information, and Employee shall continue to keep all such records and information confidential in
compliance with BGCs Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Agreement, which Employee executed in connection with the
commencement of Employees employment with BGC.

(b) During the
Restricted Period,9 Employee shall not, alone or with others, directly or indirectly, participate, engage, render
services to or become interested in (as owner, stockholder, partner, lender or other investor, director, officer, employee,
independent contractor, consultant or otherwise) any business activity that is in competition with, or otherwise related to or
arises from, the then current or contemplated business of BGC or any Affiliate. Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, nothing
in this Agreement shall prohibit Employee from acquiring or owning in accordance with BGC Groups policies and procedures
regarding personal securities transactions, less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding securities of any class of any corporation
that are listed on a national securities exchange or traded in the over-the-counter market. As additional consideration for
Employees performance of the non-compete covenants contained in this Section 5(b), BGC shall pay Employee for each month
during the Restricted Period following the termination of Employees employment an amount equal to one-twelfth
(1/12th) of Employees annualized salary in effect at the time of Employees separation from employment (the
Non-Compete Payments). Notwithstanding the foregoing, BGC, by providing at least thirty (30) days
advance written notice to Employee at any time, may elect not to enforce or to terminate early the non-compete covenants of this
Section 5(b) and, in connection therewith, stop any further Non-Compete Payments and Employees non-compete obligations under
this Section 5(b). In addition to the methods of notice provided in accordance with Section 11 below, for purposes of this Section
5(b), BGC also may provide notice by email to Employees personal email address on file with BGC. In addition, if BGC
reasonably determines in good faith that Employee has breached Section 5(b), 5(c), or 5(d) of this Agreement, BGC may suspend the
making of any Non-Compete Payments (or, if during the Term of Agreement, any payments under Section 3 above), or offset from such
payments (or any other amounts then due or that will become due to Employee from BGC) BGCs reasonable estimate of the damages
it has suffered as the result of such breach (or any other amounts owed by Employee to BGC), in each case without prejudice to any
of its rights or remedies under this Agreement.

9 Restricted Period means (i) during Employees
employment with BGC or any Affiliate, and (ii) through the later of (A) the expiration of the Term of Agreement, and (B) a period of
one (1) year immediately following the termination of Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate for any reason whatsoever,
plus, if during the Term of Agreement Employee is paid cash compensation from BGC and/or any Affiliate in the gross amount of at least
Three Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($3,250,000) in excess of Employees Salary, signing bonus previously distributed
pursuant to the Prior Agreement, and Guaranteed Bonus(es), an additional one (1) year.

5

(c) During the
Restricted Period, Employee shall not, alone or with others, directly or indirectly, whether as an owner, partner, shareholder,
employee, agent, director, independent contractor, consultant or otherwise, do business with, solicit or entice away any customer or
prospective customer of BGC or any Affiliate, with which, as determined by BGC, Employee developed or maintained a significant
relationship during Employees employment.

(d) During
Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate and through the later of the expiration of the Term of Agreement or a period
of three (3) years immediately following the termination of Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate for any reason
whatsoever, Employee shall not, alone, or with others, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, hire, engage, or retain for
Employees benefit or the benefit of any person or organization other than BGC and its Affiliates, the employment or other
services of any individual employed by, or serving as a consultant or independent contractor to, BGC or any of its Affiliates at the
time of such termination or within six (6) months prior thereto or with whom Employee developed a working relationship, directly or
indirectly, at any time during Employees employment with BGC or any of its Affiliates, or (ii) encourage, solicit,
influence, induce, or facilitate any such individual to terminate his or her employment or other relationship with BGC or any of its
Affiliates.

(e) Employee recognizes
that Employee is being placed in a position of trust and confidence and as such will not during Employees employment or
thereafter (i) defame, disparage, libel, or slander BGC or any of its Affiliates in any way, or (ii) contact, respond to any request
from, or in any way discuss, criticize, defame, disparage, libel, or slander BGC or any of its Affiliates, employees, or agents to
the media (print, television, or otherwise, whether on or off the record). This Section 5(e) is not intended to interfere with
Employees ability to exercise any right under the National Labor Relations Act or to truthfully answer questions under oath
or pursuant to government or judicial compulsion.

(f) Employee agrees that
after the termination of Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate, Employee will cooperate with BGC and its Affiliates
upon BGCs reasonable request in connection with the defense or prosecution of any pending or threatened claim or action
brought against or on behalf of BGC, any of its Affiliates, or each of their respective directors, shareholders, officers, or
employees, including, but not limited to, by being available to meet with BGC or any of its Affiliates to prepare for any proceeding
(including depositions), to provide affidavits, to assist with any audit, inspection, proceeding or other inquiry, and to provide
truthful testimony in connection with any litigation or other legal proceeding affecting BGC or any of its Affiliates. To the extent
BGC requests Employees cooperation pursuant to this Section 5(f) after the termination of his employment, BGC shall, to the
extent possible, reasonably consider Employees material pre-existing scheduling commitments in connection with such request.
BGC shall reimburse Employee for reasonable documented travel expenses incurred should Employees presence be required in
person.

(g) If Employee is
subpoenaed or asked to testify or produce documents or information regarding any matter related to BGC or any Affiliate, Employee
will promptly notify the Executive Managing Director and Chief Legal Officer of such subpoena or request (unless such notice is
unlawful) and meet with the Executive Managing Director and Chief Legal Officer (or his designee) for a reasonable period of time
prior to the date such appearance or production is due in order to (i) allow BGC or any of its Affiliates to exercise any rights it
may have in relation thereto, and (ii) cooperate with BGC or any of its Affiliates in connection with any response.

(h) During
Employees employment, Employee shall not, without the written consent of BGC, enter into an agreement, whether oral, written
or otherwise, with any person, firm, business, partnership or corporation providing for Employees future employment by such
or any other person, firm, business, partnership or corporation prior to ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Term of
Agreement and, in the event that Employee enters into any such agreement, then Employee shall provide written notice thereof to BGC
within twenty-four (24) hours of entering into such agreement, which notice shall include the name of the employing entity, his role
at such entity, and, to the extent not prohibited by Employees contractual confidentiality obligations to such employing
entity, the compensatory terms of the agreement.

6

Section 6.
Representations, Warranties and Other Employee Obligations.

(a) Employee represents,
warrants, and covenants that: (i) during Employees employment, Employee will well and faithfully serve BGC and its Affiliates
and use his best efforts, commensurate with his compensation, position, and responsibilities, to generate revenue on behalf of and
advance the interests of BGC and its Affiliates, (ii) Employee possesses and will maintain all licenses, permits, and qualifications
necessary to perform Employees duties hereunder, and (iii) Employee will conduct himself professionally and observe
appropriate standards of behavior with both colleagues and customers.

(b) Employee represents,
warrants, and covenants that he will continue to maintain the highest standards of honesty and fair dealing in his work for BGC and
any Affiliate and will continue to observe and comply with (i) BGCs policies and procedures as expressed in any
personnel or compliance handbook or manual, (ii) all federal, state, or local laws and regulations (and, if applicable, those of a
foreign jurisdiction), and (iii) the rules and regulations of FINRA or any other applicable self-regulatory organization.

(c) Employee represents,
warrants, and covenants that: (i) Employee has not breached or violated and will not breach or violate any agreement or obligation
to not use or disclose confidential information or documents, including, but not limited to, client lists, trade secrets or other
confidential information in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder, and (ii) Employee has complied with and
will continue to comply with any and all statutory, common law, and contractual obligations that he had, has, or may have to any
prior employer, prospective employer, or other third party.

(d) Employee agrees to
notify all prospective employers of Employees obligations that are continuing under this Agreement after the termination of
Employees employment with BGC or any Affiliate.

Section 7.
Injunctive Relief.

Employee acknowledges and
agrees that Employee is being placed in a position of trust and confidence, that Employee has had and will have access to and has and
will continue to become acquainted with the confidential records and information (including, without limitation, clients lists and other
trade secrets) of BGC and its Affiliates by virtue of his employment pursuant to this Agreement, and that the services Employee will be
providing under this Agreement are unique, special and extraordinary. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that BGC and its Affiliates
have a legitimate business interest in protecting its and their confidential information, trade secrets, and goodwill and Employees
unique, special and extraordinary services, especially given Employees seniority level and scope and depth of Employees
responsibilities, duties, knowledge and access to confidential information, that BGCs and its Affiliates ability to protect
these interests is of great competitive advantage and commercial value, and that the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 5 and
the notice period in Section 1(b) of this Agreement (collectively, the Covenants) are reasonable and necessary
to protect those legitimate business interests. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that BGC and its Affiliates conduct their business
worldwide and that a business competitive with that of BGC or any of its Affiliates may be carried on anywhere in the world as a result
of the unique use by such business of telephonic or other advanced communications techniques, and that therefore the geographic scope
of the Covenants is reasonable under the circumstances. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the amount of Employees compensation
set forth in Section 3 in this Agreement reflects, in part, Employees agreement to comply with the terms of the Covenants, that
BGC would not agree to the compensation set forth in Section 3 but for Employees agreement to comply with the Covenants, that Employee
has no expectation of any additional compensation or payment of any kind in consideration of his compliance with the Covenants, and that
Employee would not be subject to an undue hardship by reason of his full compliance with the Covenants or BGCs enforcement thereof.
Therefore, the parties acknowledge that in the event of a breach or threatened breach by Employee of any of the Covenants, BGC and its
Affiliates will be irreparably damaged and will not have an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, and notwithstanding Section 8 hereof,
in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, Employee acknowledges and agrees that BGC and its Affiliates shall be entitled to
specific performance of the Covenants or such equitable and injunctive relief, without proof of special damages or the posting of any
bond or other security, as may be available to restrain Employee and any business, firm, partnership, individual, corporation or entity
participating in such breach or threatened breach of the Covenants. BGC and its Affiliates will be entitled to such relief, without the
posting of any bond or other security, in court pursuant to Section 7502(c) of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules, or any comparable
or successor provision thereto. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting BGC or any Affiliate from pursuing any other remedies
available at law or in equity for such breach or threatened breach in any dispute submitted for resolution in accordance with Section
8 hereof.

7

Section
8. Dispute Resolution.

Subject to the provisions
of Section 7 above, any disputes, differences or controversies arising at any time under this Agreement or Employees employment
shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be governed by the Dispute Resolution Policy and Agreement, which Employee executed
in connection with the commencement of Employees employment with BGC.

Section 9.
Entire Agreement; Enforceability; Partial Invalidity.

(a) This Agreement,
together with the Dispute Resolution Policy and Agreement and Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Agreement referenced above,
contain the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and replace any and all prior
agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof (including, without limitation, those
set forth in the Prior Agreement). In entering into this Agreement, neither party is relying upon any promises, representations, or
inducements, whether written, oral, or otherwise, which are not set forth in this Agreement. No modification or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement will be binding upon any party unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.

(b) The invalidity or
unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect any other provisions and this Agreement shall be
construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions were omitted. In the event that a court of competent
jurisdiction shall determine that any Covenant set forth in this Agreement is impermissibly broad in scope, duration or geographical
area, or is in the nature of a penalty, then the parties intend that such court should limit the scope, duration or geographical
area of such covenant to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to render such covenant reasonable and enforceable, and
enforce the covenant as so limited.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

(a) This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs, executors,
and administrators.

(b) No waiver or
modification of any term, covenant, or condition in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a subsequent waiver or modification of the
same or any other term, covenant, or condition in this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement may
not be assigned, in whole or in part, by either party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party (any purported
assignment hereof in violation of this provision being null and void); however, it may be assigned unilaterally and without
recourse, in whole or in part by BGC to any Affiliate or to any successor in interest of BGC or any Affiliate by merger,
consolidation, reorganization or otherwise.

(d) This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same instrument, and this Agreement may be executed by facsimile or .pdf signature, which shall be accepted as if such
signatures were original execution signatures.

(e) This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of
conflicts of laws thereof. Employee waives personal service of process and irrevocably submits to service of process by mail.

8

(f) This Agreement shall
be effective only when executed both by BGC and Employee and upon such shall be binding and enforceable; the Agreement in unsigned
form does not become an offer of any kind and does not become capable of acceptance until executed by Employee, and at such time,
the Agreement becomes capable of acceptance by signature by a duly authorized official of BGC.

(g) BGC and Employee
acknowledge and agree that each party has been represented by counsel in connection with the negotiation and drafting of this
Agreement and each party has had an opportunity to consult with counsel of its/his choosing. This Agreement shall be construed
without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or
causing any instrument to be drafted.

(h) For the avoidance of
doubt, Sections 4(c), 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with their
terms.

(i) For avoidance of
doubt, nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent or restrict Employee from communicating with or otherwise reporting possible
violations of federal, state, or local law or regulation as protected under applicable whistleblower provisions or other laws to any
government agency or entity (such as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or
National Labor Relations Board).

Section 11. Notices.

Except as provided in Section
5(b) of this Agreement, all notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall either be (i) delivered by hand, (ii) sent
by overnight mail or overnight courier, or (iii) mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, in
each case to the address set forth above or to such other address as may be designated for such purpose in written notice. Any such notice
shall be effective upon receipt when delivered by hand, on the next business day when delivered by overnight mail or overnight courier,
or on the third business day after the day on which mailed by certified or registered mail.

Any notice to BGC hereunder
must be sent to:

Stephen M. Merkel, Esq.

Executive Vice President and
General Counsel

BGC Group, Inc.

499 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Section 12. Code Section 409A.

This Agreement is intended
to comply with or be exempt from Code Section 409A and the interpretative guidance thereunder, including the exceptions for short-term
deferrals, separation pay arrangements, reimbursements, and in-kind distributions, and will be administered, construed, and interpreted
in accordance with such intent. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax treatment
of any payment, whether under Code Section 409A or otherwise, and each party bears the sole liability for any tax for which it may become
responsible under this Agreement or the payments hereunder, including any modifications to this Agreement or payments to which the parties
shall have agreed.

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

JOHN ABULARRAGE BGC Financial, L.P.

/s/ John Abularrage /s/ Stephen M. Merkel

Name: Stephen M. Merkel

Title: General Counsel

[Signature page to Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement,

dated as of February 18, 2025, between BGC Financial,
L.P. and John Abularrage]

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex10-2_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BONUS LETTER, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN JOHN ABULARRAGE AND BGC FINANCIAL, L.P
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Personal and Confidential 

February 18, 2025

By Electronic Mail

John Abularrage

Re: Amended and Restated Bonus Pool Letter1

Dear John:

In recognition of the contributions
you have made and are expected to continue making to BGC Group, Inc. (inclusive of any of its subsidiaries and the successors and assigns
of each, the BGC Group), you shall be eligible to participate in an incentive compensation arrangement as
set forth in this Amended and Restated Bonus Pool Letter, effective as of the date it is fully executed by all parties (the Effective
Date), which you understand, acknowledge, and agree shall replace and supersede in its entirety the prior Bonus Pool letter
between you and BGC, dated and executed by you on November 20, 2020 (the Prior Bonus Pool Letter), and all
terms and conditions therein as of the Effective Date. Capitalized but undefined terms shall have the meanings set forth herein.

1. Bonus Pool.

You will be eligible to participate
in an incentive bonus pool (the Bonus Pool) relating to the Bonus PBT for each calendar year commencing January
1, 2025 continuing through the remaining Term of Agreement (the Pool Period), on the following terms and conditions:

a. The
Bonus Pool for each calendar year shall be calculated as: (i) the applicable Bonus Pool Payout Rate for such calendar year multiplied
by the Bonus PBT for such calendar year plus (ii) five percent (5%) of the incremental Portfolio Match PBT, if any, above Fifteen
Million Dollars ($15,000,000) for such calendar year (Bonus PM PBT), provided that your Total Contractual
Compensation shall be capped at a maximum of Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) per calendar year.

b. The
applicable Bonus Pool Payout Rate for a given calendar year shall be as follows: (i) ten percent (10%) of
the first amount of the Bonus PBT such that, when allocated to the Bonus Pool and thereafter distributed to you, your Total Contractual
Compensation for such calendar year would be up to or equal Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000); plus (ii) to the extent the Bonus
PBT is in excess of the foregoing (i) in this paragraph, seven and one-half percent (7.5%) of the next portion of the Bonus PBT such that,
when allocated to the Bonus Pool and thereafter distributed to you, your Total Contractual Compensation for such calendar year would be
increased by up to an additional Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000); plus (iii) to the extent the Bonus PBT
is in excess of the sum of the foregoing (i) and (ii) in this paragraph, five percent (5%) of the next portion of the Bonus PBT such that,
when allocated to the Bonus Pool and thereafter distributed to you, your Total Contractual Compensation for such calendar year would be
increased by up to an additional Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000), for a Total Contractual Compensation cap of Fifteen
Million Dollars ($15,000,000). For avoidance of doubt, you shall only be eligible for Bonus PM PBT to the extent you have not met your
Total Contractual Compensation cap of $15,000,000 with respect to the same calendar year.

1 As used herein, the term Term of Agreement
shall have the meanings ascribed to it in the Employment Agreement between you and BGC Financial, L.P. (BGC),
dated as of February 18, 2025 (as may be amended from time to time, the Employment Agreement).

c. If
the Bonus PBT is a negative number (the Bonus PBT Deficit), then that Bonus PBT Deficit shall be carried forward
year to year and offset on a dollar-for-dollar basis as part of the calculation of the Bonus Pool in each subsequent calculation period
(as set forth above) until such Bonus PBT Deficit has been fully offset.

d. By
way of example only, assuming Bonus PBT for a given calendar year is $250,000,000, there is no Bonus PBT Deficit, your Total Contractual
Compensation (excluding your Pool Allocation, as defined below) is $3,250,000, and there are no Americas Acquisitions in such calendar
year, the Bonus Pool for such year would be equal to:

ten percent (10%) of the first $90,000,000 of Bonus PBT (i.e., up to $143,050,000 minus $53,050,000),
such that your Pool Allocation would be $6,750,000; plus

seven and one-half percent (7.5%) of the next $44,444,444 of Bonus PBT thereafter (i.e., from $143,050,001
up to $187,494,444), such that your Pool Allocation would be an additional $2,500,000; plus

five percent (5%) of the next $44,444,444 of Bonus PBT thereafter (from $187,494,445 up to $231,938,889),
such that your Pool Allocation would be an additional $2,500,000, and your Total Contractual Compensation would be capped at $15,000,000.

2. Distribution
and Form of Pool Allocations and Eligibility for Discretionary Bonus

a. The
Board shall determine the Bonus Pool annually on a calendar year basis during the Pool Period. If the Bonus Pool calculation results in
a net positive amount, then your individual allocation shall be seventy-five percent (75%) of the Bonus Pool (any such final allocation,
your Pool Allocation). Subject to the terms and conditions in this letter agreement, your Pool Allocation
is currently expected to be distributed at such time as bonuses with respect to the applicable calendar year are generally distributed
to other similarly situated senior management executives of BGC Groups financial services brokerage businesses in connection with
the year-end compensation review process for the applicable year.

b. Subject
to the terms and conditions in this letter agreement, twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate non-discretionary compensation-related
amount attributed to you by the Board, whether pursuant to the Employment Agreement, this Amended and Restated Bonus Pool Letter, or otherwise,
with respect to the applicable calendar year, may, as determined in the sole discretion of the Board, be distributed in the form of a
Grant Award (defined below). To the extent that any Pool Allocation pursuant hereto is distributed in the form of a Grant Award, the terms
of such Grant Award will include, inter alia, that it shall become vested or, as applicable, otherwise monetizable or transferable
ratably one-fifth (1/5) as soon as practicable following each of the first five (5) one-year anniversaries of the effective vesting start
date of such Grant Award, and such other terms and conditions that are consistent with the definition of a Grant Award in the Employment
Agreement.

2

c. You
shall be eligible for discretionary compensation, if any, in excess of your Pool Allocation during the Term of Agreement based on such
factors deemed relevant by the Board (any such bonus, a Discretionary Bonus) and in any amount or form (e.g.,
cash, Grant Award, another equity-based award, deferred cash, or any combination thereof), subject to the terms of the grant or other
document(s) under which such Discretionary Bonus (if any) is awarded, all as determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board.
The payment or distribution of any Discretionary Bonus does not create an obligation, contractual or otherwise, to pay or distribute to
you any other Discretionary Bonus in the future.

d. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary above, it is a condition precedent to your earning and/or receipt of any Pool Allocation or Discretionary Bonus
(or any portion thereof) that you are in Good Standing (as defined in clause (a) of the definition of Good Standing under
footnote 6 of the Employment Agreement) as of the applicable grant, distribution, vesting, or payment date of any Pool Allocation or Discretionary
Bonus (or any portion thereof), unless as provided for in Section 2(e) below.

e. In
the event of your death during the Term of Agreement, BGCs only obligation under this letter shall be to pay to your legal representatives,
or in accordance with a direction given by you to BGC in writing, your Pool Allocation for the portion of the calendar year in which such
death occurs calculated through the last month before such death occurs.

3. Definitions.

For purposes of this letter
agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a. Acquisition
is any business that is purchased, merged with, or otherwise acquired by BGC Group on or after January 1, 2025, where you were substantially
involved in such acquisition through direct and material contribution(s) with respect to the negotiations, due diligence, and/or strategic
planning and/or played another significant role leading to the close of such acquisition, as determined in the discretion of the Board.

b. Americas
Acquisition is an Acquisition attributed by the Board to the Business managed by you.

c. Americas
Acquisition PBT is the PBT of an Americas Acquisition attributed by the Board for inclusion in the calculations herein.

d. Acquisition
Amount is the total value of the consideration, in any form whatsoever (whether cash, non-cash (e.g., a Grant Award, stock
or other marketable securities), or otherwise and irrespective of any vesting schedules) to be distributed by BGC Group before or at the
time of sale to purchase any Acquisition (Consideration), which shall be increased if and when any additional
Consideration is distributed or provided subsequent to the sale (e.g., if cash/or equity are issued upon earning hurdles being met).

e. Adjusted
Americas Acquisition PBT means, with respect to the appliable calendar year, (i) the Americas Acquisition PBT less Funding
Charges associated with the applicable Acquisition, the sum of which is capped at the lower of the Baseline or Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000),
plus (ii) the incremental Americas Acquisition PBT growth above its Baseline. The Adjusted Americas Acquisition PBT for each Acquisition
(whether positive or negative) with respect to the same calendar year shall be aggregated (Total Adjusted Americas Acquisition
PBT).2

2 For example, if the Baseline is $20,000,000, the Americas Acquisition
PBT is $21,000,000 and the Funding Charge is $5,000,000 each year, then the Adjusted Americas Acquisition PBT after year 1 is $10,000,000
(since capped) plus $1,000,000 for the incremental PBT above the Baseline, for a total of $11,000,000, resulting in a Bonus Pool of $1.1
million based on a 10% Payout Rate. If in year 2 the Americas Acquisition PBT is $4,000,000, then the Adjusted Americas Acquisition PBT
for that year would be -$1,000,000 and aggregated under the Total Adjusted Americas Acquisition PBT to the extent there are other Acquisitions
and if still negative, carried forward as a Deficit.

3

f. Affiliate
means, with respect to any specified entity, any entity, whether now existing or hereafter arising, that directly or indirectly, through
one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or under common control with such specified entity.

g. Americas
Acquisition Amount means the pro-rata share of the Acquisition Amount attributed by the Board to an Americas Acquisition.

h. Baseline
is the PBT of an Americas Acquisition for the trailing twelve (12) full calendar months immediately before the closing of the Acquisition
with BGC Group.

i. Board
means the then-current Board of Directors of BGC Group, its designee(s) (if you are not a named executive officer of BGC Group and provided
such designee is a member of senior management with authority), or its Compensation Committee with respect to compensation-related matters,
as applicable.

j. Bonus
PBT means the sum of (i) Total Adjusted Americas Adjusted Acquisition PBT plus (ii) Business PBT less (iii)
any Bonus PBT Deficit.

k. Business
means the financial services brokerage business of BGC Group in the Americas, excluding any fully electronic businesses (such as
FENICs and Lucera) and FMX businesses, managed by you. The Core Business includes the Business but excludes
those Businesses or Business lines purchased, merged with, or otherwise acquired by BGC Group on or after January 1, 2025.

l. Business
PBT shall mean the PBT of the Core Business for the applicable calendar year less $53,050,000. For purposes of the
Bonus Pool calculation, the PBT for the U.S. Corporate Credit voice business (Credit) shall be adjusted by
the Board as it determines in its discretion to account for the estimated loss of Credit PBT that moves to the FENICs Portfolio Match
business of BGC Group in the Americas (Portfolio Match). For avoidance of doubt, the same PBT shall not be
double counted as attributed to both the Portfolio Match and Credit businesses.

m. Funding
Charge means (i) the then-current the cost of funding attributable by the Board to the Americas Acquisition Amount multiplied
by (ii) the Americas Acquisition Amount.

n. PBT
shall mean the profit before tax (positive or negative) of any Business of BGC Group or entity, calculated and determined by BGC Group
in a manner generally consistent with BGC Groups then-current practices for calculating profit before tax of the Business as approved
by the Board annually, provided that, in all events, such calculation shall include with respect to compensation costs of any Business,
(i) one hundred percent (100%) of the pre-tax notional value of any form of compensation-related amounts, including, but not limited to,
cash, equity (such as Grant Awards), stock or other marketable securities, cash advances of stock sale proceeds, cash subject to claw
back rights, or deferred cash, and (ii) the amortized (over the relevant term) amount of cash advances of distributions by way of a loan,
forgivable loans, and any upfront, renewal, extension, sign-on or make-whole payment or award in any form (e.g., as stated above). The
treatment of any gain or loss related to the sale or disposal of all or any part of a Business shall be excluded.

4

o. Total
Contractual Compensation means the total gross value of any and all contractual compensation-related amounts that the Board
attributes to you with respect to the applicable calendar year (including, inter alia, any salary, bonuses, pool allocations, and
non-discretionary payments in any form (whether cash, non-cash (e.g., a Grant Award), stock, other marketable securities, or otherwise)),
whether pursuant to the Employment Agreement, this Amended and Restated Bonus Pool Letter, or otherwise.

4. General
Terms.

a. For
purposes of this letter agreement, any annual amounts reflected or calculated herein shall be adjusted to the extent appropriate with
respect to any partial applicable calendar year, and any calculations and determinations by, and authority granted to, BGC Group are subject
to the review, adjustment, and approval of the Board. The Board shall make all final determinations herein, which shall be final and binding
on BGC Group and you.

b. This
letter agreement is intended to comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the interpretative guidance thereunder (collectively,
Section 409A), including the exceptions for short-term deferrals, separation pay arrangements, reimbursements,
and in-kind distributions, and will be administered, construed, and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Nothing in this letter
agreement is intended or shall be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax treatment of any payment, whether under Section 409A
or otherwise, and each party bears the sole liability for any tax for which it may become responsible under this letter agreement or the
payments hereunder, including any modifications to this letter agreement or payments to which the parties shall have agreed.

c. This
letter agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument, and this letter agreement may be executed by facsimile or .pdf signature, which shall be
accepted as if such signatures were original execution signatures.

d. This
letter agreement may not be assigned, in whole or in part, by either you or BGC without the prior written consent of the other party (any
purported assignment hereof in violation of this provision being null and void); however, this letter agreement may be assigned, unilaterally
and without recourse, in whole or in part by BGC to any Affiliate or to any successor in interest of BGC or any Affiliate by merger, consolidation,
reorganization, or otherwise.

e. This
letter agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces any
and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations, or representations, whether written or oral, with respect to
the subject matter hereof (including, without limitation, the Prior Bonus Pool Letter). No waiver or modification of any term shall be
deemed to be a subsequent waiver or modification of the same or any other term, covenant, or condition in this letter agreement or may
be binding on BGC or any Affiliate unless expressly modified in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of then-current
Board. This letter agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against
the party drafting an instrument or causing an instrument to be drafted. This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. You hereby waive personal
service of process and irrevocably submit to the service of process by mail. Any disputes, differences, or controversies arising under
this letter agreement shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be governed by the Dispute Resolution Policy and Agreement
that you executed in connection with the commencement of your employment with BGC pursuant to the Employment Agreement.

5

Please acknowledge your agreement to the terms
and conditions set out in this letter agreement by signing and returning a copy to me.

Very truly yours, 

BGC Financial, L.P. 

By: /s/ Stephen M. Merkel 

Name: Stephen M. Merkel 

Title: General Counsel 

Read, acknowledged, and agreed: 

/s/ John Abularrage 

John Abularrage Date: February 18, 2025

[Letter Agreement between BGC Financial, L.P.
and John Abularrage, dated February 18, 2025]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex10-3_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN JP AUBIN AND BGC BROKERS LP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

THIS CONTRACT is made the 18th
day of February 2025

BETWEEN:

(1) BGC BROKERS LP, Succursale de Genve a company with a branch registered in Switzerland under
number CHE- 431.921.530 and whose branchs registered office is at Cours de Rive, 10 Genve 1204 Switzerland (the Company,
or the Employer) and

(2) JEAN-PIERRE AUBIN (You)

The parties agree that the terms of your employment
are set out below (the Contract) and in the attached terms and conditions (which are incorporated by reference, the
Terms & Conditions), together referred to as this Agreement.

1. Term of Agreement

(a) Your employment shall continue through 31 December 2029 (the Term of Agreement) subject
always to the other provisions of this Agreement. Thereafter, it shall continue an indefinite basis, subject to the other provisions of
this Agreement.

(b) To terminate this Agreement either party must give at least twenty-four (24) months notice to the
other in writing, with such notice not to expire prior to the last day of the Term of Agreement.

(c) This Agreement is in substitution of any previous contract of employment with the Company or any Associated
Company.

2. Job Title, Place and Hours of Work

(a) You currently are employed as Co-Global Head of Financial Services Brokerage of BGC Group, Inc. and its
subsidiaries (inclusive of successors and assigns of each) (BGC Group) and shall perform in such other capacity as
may be determined by the Board of Directors of BGC Group, Inc. (the BGC Board) or its designee(s).

(b) Your normal hours of work will be 7.45 am to 6 pm on Monday to Friday, subject to paragraph 2.2 of the
Terms & Conditions.

(c) You will be employed to work for the Company (or on Secondment with an Associated Company) in the offices
based in Geneva, Nyon or such other European offices of the Employer or an Associated Company as it or they may reasonably require.

3. Compensation

(a) You will be paid a salary (which is calculated as an advance of remuneration) of EUR 705,000 per annum
(the Salary). The Salary shall be paid monthly in accordance with the Companys then accounting policies and
practices, as applicable from time to time. The Salary shall be deemed to accrue equally from working day to working day and shall be
apportioned and paid on such basis.

(b) You shall also be eligible to receive discretionary bonuses from time to time during the Term of Agreement
based on such factors deemed relevant by the BGC Board or its designee(s) in its sole discretion (any such bonus, a Discretionary
Bonus). The award, amount, form (e.g., cash, non-cash, or any combination thereof), and distribution of any such Discretionary
Bonus will be in the sole and absolute discretion of BGC Board and subject to the terms of the grant or other document(s) under which
such Discretionary Bonus (if any) is awarded. As a condition precedent to your receipt of any Discretionary Bonus, you must be in good
standing as of the bonus payment or distribution date. The payment or distribution of any Discretionary Bonus does not create an obligation,
contractual or otherwise, to pay or distribute to you any other Discretionary Bonus in the future.

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a proportion of the total sum awarded to you pursuant
to clause 3 (your Total Package) with respect to any year may, as determined by the BGC Board or its designee in
its sole and absolute discretion, consist of any form permissible under your arrangement, including, without limitation, cash, deferred
cash, and/or a contingent non-cash grant (subject to the terms of grant document(s) under which such consideration is provided including
any vesting and cancellation provisions and restricted covenants contained therein). The amount of such award shall be applied toward
the amount of your Total Package.

(d) The terms of this clause 3 are confidential and shall not be disclosed (without the Companys prior
consent) by you to any third party, save as required by law.

4. Benefits

(a) In addition to your monetary remuneration, you may be eligible to participate in the benefits schemes
set out in paragraph 3 of the Terms & Conditions.

(b) You will receive a company car (as agreed between you and the Company) for the duration of your employment.

(c) You will be paid a housing allowance of EUR 240,000 per annum.

2

5. Early Termination

You are referred to the additional
provisions in the Terms & Conditions. The Agreement can further be terminated by either party for valid reasons pursuant to Article
337 et seq. of the Code of Obligations.

6. General

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law. The parties hereby submit
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Swiss courts as regards any claim or matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.

(b) For the definition of Associated Company, please refer to paragraph 1 of the Terms & Conditions.

(c) This Agreement constitutes a contract between you and the Employer save that it shall not be binding and
enforceable unless or until executed by the representative of the Employer set out below.

(d) In the event of a discrepancy between the terms set out in this Contract and the Terms & Conditions
and/or any employee handbook in force from time to time (the Employee Handbook), the terms set out in this Contract
shall prevail.

(e) In the event that any of the terms, conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined
invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms, conditions
and provisions, which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.

(f) This clause 6 and paragraphs 5.2, 12 to 16, and 18 of the Terms & Conditions shall survive any termination
of this Agreement and shall continue to bind the parties with full force and effect.

(g) You represent and warrant that you have all licenses, permits and qualifications necessary to perform
your duties as an executive of the Company as required by Swiss Law. It is specifically acknowledged and accepted by you that the Companys
offer to employ you and the Company entering into this Agreement with you have been made in reliance on your representations and warranties
set out above and without such representations and warranties the Company would not employ you. Any breach of, or untruth in, your representations
and warranties set out above will be a justifiable reason for service of a termination notice by the Company.

Please sign and return both of the enclosed copies
of this Contract and the Terms & Conditions as confirmation that you have received and accepted these terms. One copy of each will
be returned to you after signature of the Contract on behalf of the Employer and the other copy of each will be placed on your Personnel
file.

3

Signed for and on behalf of the Company 

/s/ James Lightbourne February 18, 2025

Name: James Lightbourne Date

Title: General Counsel 

Authorized signatory 

Signed by the employee 

/s/ Jean-Pierre Aubin on February 18, 2025

Jean-Pierre AUBIN Date

[Signature
Page of the Employment Contract 

between the
Company and Jean-Pierre Aubin, dated 18 February 2025]

4

TERMS
AND CONDITIONS 

OF
BGC BROKERS LP Succursale de Genve

1. Employer

1.1 Your employer is BGC BROKERS LP, Succursale de Genve (the Company). Where
the Agreement refers to Associated Company this means any person, company, partnership or other entity controlled
by, or controlling, or in common control with, the Company or its parent. A person, company, partnership or other entity shall be deemed
to control another person, company, partnership or other entity if the former person, company, partnership or other entity possesses,
directly or indirectly, the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the other person, company, partnership
or other entity whether through the ownership of voting securities or partnership interests, representation on its board of directors
or similar governing body, by contract or otherwise.

1.2 Where you are seconded to an Associated Company or, whilst employed by the Company, you in fact perform
some or all of your services for an Associated Company, in the Agreement references to the Company shall be construed to refer to that
Associated Company where appropriate.

2. Your Obligations, Duties and Hours of Work

2.1 You are required to well and faithfully serve the Company and to use your best endeavours at all times
to promote and develop its business and reputation and to act in the best interests of the Company.

2.2 In view of your position and the nature of the Companys business, you will be expected and required
to work outside the normal hours of work dependent upon market conditions and other factors inherent in the business. Extra hours and
overtime are covered by the Salary.

2.3 You must devote the whole of your working time to the business of the Employer. For this reason, during
your employment, you are not permitted, without the written consent of the Employer, to have an interest in any other company, business
or enterprise (whether as an employee, contractor, partner, consultant, agent, shareholder or otherwise). You may, however, acquire or
own, without disclosure (save as may be required under the Companys Personal Account Dealing policy), by way of
investment only, less than 1% of the outstanding securities of any class of any corporation that is listed on a recognised stock exchange
or traded in the over-the-counter market.

2.4 You agree to comply with such reasonable instructions as the BGC Board or its designee, Company (or any
Associated Company) may give from time to time including in relation to its discretion to allocate customers, to reimburse or set limits
on expenses and to require you to comply with rules and procedures affecting your employment which the Company may from time to time lawfully
and properly introduce, including the provisions of the Employee Handbook.

5

2.5 You agree to comply with any substance misuse policies of any exchange or financial services regulator
of which the Company is a member.

2.6 You must maintain the highest standards of honesty and fair dealing in your work for the Company. Great
importance is attached to the observance of the Companys policies and procedures, particularly the Compliance Manual, and the Federal
and/or Cantonal Law, regulations or codes or principles made pursuant to the Federal Law on Banks and Savings Banks or any of the Self-Regulating
Organisations (SROs) including the Federal Banking Commission. You acknowledge that any serious or substantial breach of any of these
obligations will be regarded as gross misconduct and is likely to result in your summary dismissal.

2.7 It is a condition both on commencement and for the duration of your employment that:

2.7.1 you are eligible for and will maintain all regulatory approvals that the Company deems relevant to your
position and that any registrations you hold at the date of this Agreement are freely transferable to the Company. You can and will maintain
and obtain any official registrations that are necessary in the opinion of the Company for the full performance of your duties;

2.7.2 any legal or regulatory matters concerning your activities as an employee are reviewed and approved to
the satisfaction of the Company in its sole discretion and that there is not pending and has not been in the past any complaint by any
person or organisation or any regulatory, self-regulatory, administrative, civil or criminal enquiry or proceeding relating to your prior
employment or any other activity undertaken by you;

2.7.3 you have permission to work in Switzerland; and

2.7.4 the references taken up by the Company in connection with the commencement of your employment are, in
the absolute discretion of the Company, suitable and satisfactory.

2.8 In order to retain and enhance the Companys standing and integrity at the forefront of the business
community in Switzerland and internationally, your conduct in dealings with members of the public and customers of the Company must be
totally professional.

2.9 You are required to have and maintain a high level of product and market knowledge so that you are capable
of providing a professional and profitable service to the Companys clients.

3. Benefits

You will be notified separately of your
eligibility for benefits such as health insurance and permanent health insurance. Your eligibility for such schemes is subject to the
terms and rules of the scheme prevailing from time to time. In particular (but without limitation) you must provide your full co-operation
in connection with any claim made on your behalf under such a scheme(s) and you are at all times responsible for providing any medical
evidence that may be required by the insurers. Should the insurers refuse your claim, the Company will be under no further obligation
to litigate, pay any remuneration or provide other benefit to you, and you expressly waive any express or implied term to the contrary.
The Company reserves the right to vary, withdraw and/or replace any health insurance and/or permanent health insurance scheme(s) or other
benefits, from time to time at its absolute discretion.

6

3.1 Accident

You are insured for
occupational accidents according to the statutory provisions (LAA). If your average weekly working hours amount to at least 8 hours, non-occupational
accidents are also covered. Premiums for occupational accident insurance are paid by the Company. Premiums for non-occupational accident
insurance (if any) are paid by you.

If you sustain an
accident during the assignment, you receive allowances from the accident insurance, which replace the statutory obligation for salary
payments pursuant to art. 324a and 324b CO.

3.2 Illness

The Company holds
a loss of earnings insurance in the event of illness, which covers temporary work incapacity due to illness. The insurance benefits replace
the statutory duty of the Employer to continue to pay the Employees salary. Please refer to the relevant plan documents and Employee
Handbook, where applicable, for further terms and conditions.

4. Pension

The parties will make contributions
to an authorised pension scheme to comply with their respective obligations under Swiss law from time to time.

5. Expenses and Deductions

5.1 You will be entitled to the reimbursement of all reasonable expenses properly and legitimately incurred
in the proper performance of your duties in compliance with the Companys policies and practices provided that you complete the
Companys expenses claim form to its satisfaction and submit satisfactory supporting evidence. The Company reserves in its absolute
discretion the right not to reimburse expenses incurred within 30 days of your giving notice, or purported notice, to resign or terminate
your employment.

5.2 If at any time during your employment you have liabilities to the Company or any Associated Company, whether
under this Agreement or otherwise, either actual or contingent (where there is a likelihood that a future liability will occur), including
but not limited to debts, loans, advances, relocation expenses or excess holiday payments, it is specifically agreed that the Company
may deduct the sum or sums in respect of such liabilities from time to time owed to it from any payment otherwise due to you from the
Company howsoever arising including your final pay. If a likely future liability does not occur any money deducted on account shall be
released as soon as reasonably practicable.

7

5.3 The Company will deduct from your fixed draw or other payments due to you such sums as shall be necessary
to satisfy social security contributions and/or income tax requirements (including but not limited to any withholding tax) where applicable
and arising out of your employment.

6. Holiday Leave

6.1 Save as otherwise agreed with the Company, you are entitled, in addition to public holidays which the
Company recognises in the Canton where your place of work is situated, to 20 working days of paid holiday during each complete holiday
year. The holiday year runs from 1 January to 31 December. Holiday must be taken at times agreed with the person designated by the Company
for this purpose and should not be carried forward from one calendar year to the next.

6.2 You agree that the Company may require you to work on all or any public holidays in order to fulfill the
requirements of your position. If your employment commences or terminates part way through the holiday year, your entitlement to holiday
during that year will be assessed on a pro rata basis and for the purposes of this paragraph holiday accrues at the rate of 1.66 days
per month.

6.3 The Company reserves the right during any period of notice of termination of your employment, or during
any period in which the Company does not require you to perform your duties during your employment, to require you to take any accrued
holiday leave.

6.4 Upon termination of your employment, you will not be entitled to be paid in lieu of holiday leave accrued
to you but untaken in excess of your entitlement to 20 working days paid holiday. In any holiday year, the Company may deduct any holiday
leave taken in excess of your entitlement accruing from your fixed draw at the rate of 1/260th per day by which your entitlement
is exceeded.

7. Sickness

7.1 The Company will take out the appropriate accident insurance on your behalf in accordance with statutory
requirements. You will be entitled to sick pay provided you comply with the Companys notification procedures. (Details of your
entitlement in accordance with the relevant legislation can be obtained from the Human Resources Officer).

7.2 If you are absent from work for more than three consecutive working days, you may be required to provide
a medical certificate from your doctor to Human Resources. Failure to comply with your obligations under this clause may result in disciplinary
action, including making deductions from your remuneration. If you are absent from work for a period in excess of one month and you then
notify the Company that you are fit to return to work, you agree that the Company may postpone your return until it has received a certificate
from a medical advisor nominated by the Company pursuant to paragraph 7.6 below which confirms that you are fit to return to work. You
shall not be entitled to receive any payment from the Company (other than as prescribed by law if appropriate) during any period prior
to receipt of such certificate by the Company.

8

7.3 If you are absent from work due to an accident that occurred or a condition that was sustained either
on or off duty, any additional sick pay paid to you by the Company in respect of that absence is paid as a loan which you must repay to
the Company if you recover damages for loss of income for the same period arising in respect of your injury, condition or absence from
work.

7.4 The Company may require you to undergo examinations (including where appropriate, blood and other tests)
by a medical adviser appointed or approved by the Company. You agree that the medical adviser may disclose to the Company the results
of the examination and discuss with the Company his or her opinion of your ability to properly discharge your duties.

8. Approaches by Competitors

8.1 If at any time you are invited or approached to take up employment with, or to enter into a business relationship
with, a competitor of the Company (or any Associated Company) you will disclose that fact and the names of the parties involved as soon
as practicable in writing to your supervisor.

8.2 If at any time you decide to accept an offer of employment or to enter into a business relationship with
a competitor of the Company (or any Associated Company), then before accepting such an offer you must:

8.2.1 provide the competitor with a copy of clause 1 of the Contract and paragraphs 14 to 16 of these Terms
& Conditions, omitting or obscuring the rest of the Agreement, particularly those provisions relating to your compensation; and

8.2.2 give notice of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable in writing to the person designated by the
Company for this purpose.

8.3 In order to protect and maintain a stable workforce, the Company requires that if at any time you become
aware that another employee of the Company (or any Associated Company) has been invited or approached to take up employment with, or to
enter into a business relationship with, a competitor of the Company (or any Associated Company) you must inform your supervisor of this
fact and the names of the parties involved as soon as reasonably practicable.

9. Suspension and Garden Leave

9.1 In circumstances where the Company considers it reasonable (including but not limited to, investigating
any disciplinary or potential disciplinary matter against you), it reserves the right at its sole discretion to require you to remain
at home on paid leave for a period of no more than three months in aggregate or to assign to you such other duties consistent with your
abilities in addition to or instead of your duties herein (Suspension).

9

9.2 During any period after you or the Company has given notice to terminate your employment or notice not
to renew this Agreement or if you should otherwise seek to leave your employment with the Company, then the Company will at its discretion
be under no obligation to assign any duties to you or to provide any work for you, may transfer you to a different area and/or will be
entitled to exclude you from its premises (Garden Leave). This will not affect your entitlement to receive your fixed
draw (if any).

9.3 During any period of Suspension or Garden Leave under this paragraph 9, you agree that:

9.3.1 save for routine social contact, you will not contact or deal with or attempt to contact or deal with
employees or clients of the Company with whom you have previously dealt while employed by the Company; and

9.3.2 if requested to do so, you must return immediately to the Company any Company property, any Associated
Companys property and any property of its or their clients in accordance with paragraph 10 below; and

9.3.3 you will remain bound by the duties and obligations set out in these Terms and Conditions and those implied
into this Agreement under general law.

10. Termination of Employment

10.1 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may dismiss you summarily (i.e.,
without notice) in circumstances where it is entitled to do so in accordance with Article 337 of the Code of Obligations, including, but
not limited to, in the event of a substantial breach of any terms of this Agreement or the Companys policies and procedures, wilful
refusal or neglect to carry out instructions or duties, dishonesty or other instances of serious misconduct or serious incompetence. You
are advised to refer to the Employee Handbook for a non-exhaustive list of the examples which are normally regarded as gross misconduct.
You also have the right to terminate the contract summarily for valid reasons pursuant to Article 337 et seq. of the Code of Obligation.

10.2 Upon the termination of your employment (and during any period of suspension or garden leave in accordance
with paragraph 9 above), you must return immediately to the Company any Company property, any Associated Companys property and
any property of the Companys or any Associated Companys clients, including but not limited to all keys, documents, lists,
papers, business cards, credit cards, security and computer passes, mobile telephones, records and computer disks or any other media on
which information is held relating to the business of the Company or any Associated Company or their clients together with any copies
thereof.

10.3 Without prejudice to the foregoing, if you cannot work or perform your duties because you are ill or injured
for six consecutive months in any period of twelve (12) months both parties may terminate the employment relationship on a notice period
of three months. Before taking such action the Company will, if reasonably practicable, consult with you and obtain a medical opinion
if necessary.

10

10.4 The notice periods set out above do not apply to retirement. Your employment will terminate automatically
on your reaching the age of 65, in the absence of a specific agreement to the contrary.

10.5 You may during the course of your employment be invited to participate in the Companys or an Associated
Companys partnership, employee share, share option or similar schemes which may be in operation from time to time (together referred
to as the Schemes). Any participation or award will not constitute a contractual entitlement under this Agreement.
In the event of the termination of your employment for whatever reasons whether lawful or not, in circumstances which could give rise
to a claim for wrongful dismissal and/or unfair dismissal and/or any other claim you may bring in relation to matters arising or connected
to your employment (and whether or not it is known at the time of dismissal that such claim may ensue), you will not by virtue of such
dismissal become entitled to any damages or additional damages in respect of any rights or expectations of whatsoever nature you may have,
or allege to have, under any agreement relating or connected to any such Schemes.

11. Grievance, Dismissal and Disciplinary Procedure

Where any grievance
or disciplinary procedure implemented by the Company from time to time exceeds statutory obligations, the procedure is not binding upon
the Company and does not form part of your terms and conditions. The Companys current dismissal and disciplinary procedures are
set out in the Employee Handbook.

12. Companys Absolute Discretion

Where the Company
expressly reserves any right at or in its absolute discretion, and whether in your Contract or in these Terms and Conditions, you agree
and acknowledge that neither the implied term of mutual trust and confidence nor any other implied term which is alleged to qualify such
discretion, shall apply to the exercise of that discretion. For example, in relation to an absolutely discretionary bonus, the Company
is entitled to award no bonus if it considers that this would be appropriate.

13. Undertaking, Indemnity and Acknowledgement

13.1 You represent, undertake and warrant that by the execution and/or the performance of your duties under
your Contract and these Terms and Conditions, you are not (and will not be) in default under, or in breach of, any agreement (including,
but not limited to any agreement requiring you to preserve the confidentiality of any information which is the property of any third party)
to which you are a party or to which you may be subject.

13.2 You agree that you will indemnify the Company (or any Associated Company) in respect of any tax liability
that the Company (or any Associated Company) may incur to make any payment (including, without limitation, income tax or employee social
security contributions) as a result of any failure on your part promptly and fully to account for and discharge any liability you may
have to any third party. This indemnity will survive the termination of your employment with the Company howsoever caused.

11

13.3 You acknowledge that you have been given the opportunity to seek independent legal advice as you considered
appropriate before signing this Agreement.

14. Confidentiality and Non-derogatory Comments

14.1 You acknowledge that during your employment you will have access to Confidential Information and in particular
will have access to the customers and business secrets of the Company. You further acknowledge that the retention of Confidential Information
is important to the Company and you agree that you shall not at any time during your employment nor after its termination directly or
indirectly use, or copy or divulge Confidential Information.

14.2 Confidential Information means information of a confidential or secret nature, trade
secrets or commercially sensitive information relating to the business or financial affairs of the Company or any Associated Company or
any person (whether agents, clients, customers, prospective customers or suppliers) having dealings with the Company or any Associated
Company. Confidential Information shall include: details and lists of individuals, clients, customers or counterparties or other organisations
with whom the Company or any Associated Company transacted business during your employment (including their requirements, financial standing,
the terms of business and any dealings with them), strategic business planning and financial information of the Company or any Associated
Company (including results and forecasts of any broking or trading desks, financial instrument transaction systems, details of employees
and officers and their remuneration/benefits and the terms of their employment with the Company or any Associated Company), any information
concerning telecommunications systems and/or data processing/analysis, (including inventions, developments or improvements, designs, processes,
software (including source codes)) or copyright works discovered or used by the Company (or any Associated Company) or their employees
and any information which you are told is confidential or which you are aware or ought reasonably be aware has been given to the Company
or any Associated Company in confidence by other persons. The foregoing list is not exhaustive.

14.3 You shall not be restrained from disclosing any Confidential Information which you are authorised to disclose
in the proper performance of your duties by the Company or which is or comes into the public domain (other than as a result of a breach
of your obligations under this Agreement) or is ordered to be disclosed by a court of competent jurisdiction, a regulatory authority or
otherwise required to be disclosed by law.

14.4 During your employment and at any time after its termination, you must not make, publish or otherwise
communicate to third parties (both internally and externally) any disparaging or derogatory statements, whether in writing or otherwise,
concerning the Company, or any Associated Company, or any of their respective officers or employees and you acknowledge that acting in
breach of this provision will harm the business of the Company and/or any Associated Company and constitutes a serious breach of this
Agreement.

12

15. Protection of the Companys Interests Non-Solicitation and Non-Compete

15.1 Without the written prior consent of the Company and whether alone or with others, directly or indirectly
for your own benefit or the benefit of any person or organization you shall not, during the term of your employment, or for a period of
thirty-six (36) months after its termination, employ, offer to employ or enter into partnership, induce or attempt to induce any individual
to whom this paragraph applies to leave the employment of or to discontinue the supply of his/her services to the Company or any Associated
Company without the Companys prior written consent (whether or not such action would result in a breach of contract by such individual)
nor shall you encourage counsel or procure that individual to do so. This paragraph shall apply to any individual who is an employee or
who provides services to the Company or any Associated Company and whom you have managed or with whom you have or have had material and/or
regular dealings in the course of your employment during the twelve (12) months prior to the termination of your employment and who is
employed by or has provided services to the Company (or an Associated Company) in a senior or managerial capacity, whether in a technical,
IT, sales, broking, marketing or business development role.

15.2 Without the written prior consent of the Company and whether alone or with others, directly or indirectly
for your own benefit or the benefit of any person or organization, you shall not during your employment and for a period of twenty-four
(24) months after its termination:

15.2.1 solicit or entice away any client or counterparty of the Company or any Associated Company (whether a
company or an individual) with which or whom you have had material and/or regular dealings in the course of your duties or, where this
provision would apply after your employment ends, any time during the twelve (12) months prior to its termination;

15.2.2 in competition with the Restricted Business, seek to procure orders from, deal or carry on business with,
or transact business with, any client or counterparty of the Company or any Associated Company (whether a company or an individual) with
which or whom you have had material and/or regular dealings in the course of your duties, and where this provision would apply after your
employment ends, any time during the twelve (12) months prior to its termination;

15.2.3 engage the services of, render services to or become interested in (as owner, stockholder, partner, lender
or other investor, director, officer, employee, consultant or otherwise) any business activity that is in competition with the Restricted
Business;

15.3 Restricted Business shall mean the business (or any part of the business) which:

15.3.1 is carried on by the Company or any Associated Company at the date of termination of your employment;
or

13

15.3.2 was carried on by the Company or any Associated Company at any time during your employment or, where the
relevant provision would apply after your employment ends, any time during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of its
termination; or

15.3.3 is to your knowledge to be carried on by the Company or any Associated Company at any time during the
twelve (12) months immediately following the date of termination of your employment; and which you were materially concerned with/worked
for or had management responsibility for (or had substantial confidential information regarding) in either case at any time during your
employment, and where the relevant provision would apply after your employment ends, any time during the period of twelve (12) months
immediately prior to the date of its termination.

15.4 You acknowledge that:

15.4.1 given the extensive knowledge you have acquired of the Company during the course of your employment, the
restrictions set out above are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate interests of the Company and/or any Associated
Company and that, having regard to those interests, these restrictions do not work unreasonably on you;

15.4.2 the restrictions shall apply in relation to all clients and counterparties in respect of whom they are
expressed to apply notwithstanding that such client and counterparties may have been introduced to the Company or any Associated Company
by you (or any person under your control) before or during your (or his/her) employment with the Company or any Associated Company;

15.4.3 Any and all of your relationships from time to time with clients of the Company and/or any Associated
Company are the property of the Company and/or its Associated Company.

15.5 If the Company transfers all or part of its business to an Associated Company or to a third party (in
either case, a Transferee) the restrictions contained in this Agreement shall, with effect from the date of your
becoming an employee of the Transferee, apply to you as if references to the Company included the Transferee and references to any Associated
Company are construed accordingly and as if references to customers or clients or counterparties or suppliers or employees are of the
Company and/or Transferee and their respective Associated Companies.

15.6 In case of your breach of the obligations set out in paragraphs 15.1 and 15.2, you agree that you shall
pay as liquidated damages to the Company an amount equal to the total amount of Salary and any bonus paid to you during the Calculation
Period (defined below), divided by 12 and multiplied by the number of months of the appropriate period set out in paragraphs 15.1 and
15.2 (the Restricted Period) in respect of the restriction or restrictions of which you are in breach. Where you
are in breach of both the restriction in paragraph 15.1 and one of the restrictions in paragraph 15.2, the Restricted Period shall be
36 months. The payment of such liquidated damages shall not relieve you from observing the obligations provided for by paragraphs 15.1
and 15.2 and shall be without prejudice to the Companys entitlement to be compensated in full for any further damages. The Company
may also seek injunctive relief requiring you to cease the action constituting a breach of the obligations provided for by paragraphs
15.1 and 15.2. The Calculation Period is defined as the final 12 months of your employment. If your period was less than 12 months, the
basis for calculation of the liquidated damages shall be your average monthly income during the total period of your employment.

14

15.7 The obligations imposed on you by this Agreement extend to you not only on your own account but also if
you act on behalf of any other company, partnership, business entity or other person and shall apply whether you or such party acts directly
or indirectly.

15.8 The restrictions entered into by you in this Agreement are given to the Company for itself and as trustee
for each and any Associated Company.

15.9 Due to your significant global management responsibility, the restrictions entered into by you in paragraph
15 are valid and enforceable in in Switzerland, UK, Germany, Italy, France and in every other country in which the Company or any Associated
Company does business.

15.10 In addition to the liquidated damages for breach and the compensation for further damages, the Company
is entitled to seek injunctive relief.

16. Inventions and Intellectual Property

16.1 You assign and transfer to the Company all intellectual property rights
and know-how including but not limited to patents, trademark rights, design rights, copy rights or any other rights which you may create
as an employee, regardless of whether such rights are the result of the performance of your employment duties or not. The results shall
therefore automatically and without further remuneration become the exclusive property of the Company. Art. 332 paragraph 4 CO is reserved
in the case of inventions according to Art. 332 paragraph 2 CO. Such assignment is unlimited in time, territory and scope and includes
all exploitation rights related to the intellectual property rights and know-how.

16.2 Said rights assigned and transferred to the Company include the right
of the Company to assign and transfer them to any third party and/or to modify, amend, destroy or otherwise dispose of the intellectual
property rights as well as to undertake all steps necessary to protect such rights in the Companys own name.

17. Data Protection and Monitoring

17.1 You consent to the Company or any Associated Company holding and processing both electronically and manually,
the data (including personal sensitive data and information contained in e-mail and e-mail attachments) it collects, stores and/or processes,
which relates to you for the purposes of the administration and management of its business. You also agree to the Company or any Associated
Company forwarding this data to other offices it may have which may be outside the European Economic Area for storage, processing, or
administrative purposes and you consent to the Company or any Associated Company disclosing your personal data to third parties where
such disclosure is for the legitimate business purposes of the Company or any Associated Company.

15

17.2 To ensure regulatory compliance and for the protection of its workers, clients, customers and business
the Company reserves the right to use surveillance equipment to monitor, intercept, review and access your telephone log, internet usage,
voicemail and email and other communication facilities provided by the Company which you may use during your employment. The Company will
use this right of access reasonably, but it is important that you are aware that all communications and activities on our equipment or
premises cannot be presumed to be private.

18. Entire Agreement

18.1 This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties with respect to your employment. Definitions
used in the Contract shall have the same meaning as in these Terms & Conditions, and vice versa. Each party confirms that it has not
relied upon any information, representations or warranties not expressly contained herein.

18.2 This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified except by written agreement of a duly authorised
signatory of the Company. Unless the Employee Handbook expressly indicates otherwise, its terms are not intended to have contractual effect.

18.3 Any delay by the Company in exercising any of its rights under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver
of such rights.

18.4 You agree that the Company may assign this contract to a creditworthy Associated Company in whole or in
part and that if the Company shall choose to do so, you shall have no claim against the Company in connection with such assignment.

/s/ Jean-Pierre
Aubin February 18, 2025

Jean-Pierre AUBIN DATE

[Terms & Conditions of Contract between

BGC Brokers LP and Jean-Pierre Aubin, dated
18 February 18 2025]

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex10-4_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED CONSULTANCY CONTRACT, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN JP AUBIN AND BGC SERVICES (HOLDINGS) LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

THIS AGREEMENT is made on the 18th day of February
2025

between: 

(1) BGC SERVICES (HOLDINGS) LLP a limited liability partnership incorporated under the laws of England
and Wales (number 0C371069) and whose registered office is at One Churchill Place, London, E14 5RD (the "Client"); and

(2) Jean-Pierre Aubin (the Consultant)

IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1. Definitions and Interpretation

1.1. In this Agreement, subject to any express contrary indication:

1.1.1. Affiliate means any person, company, partnership or other entity controlled by Cantor
Fitzgerald L.P. A person, company, partnership or other entity shall be deemed to control another person, company, partnership or other
entity if the former person, company, partnership or other entity possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct, or cause the
direction of, the management and policies of the other person, company, partnership or other entity whether through the ownership of voting
securities, capital stock or partnership interests, representation on its board of directors or similar governing body, by contract or
otherwise.

1.1.2. Confidential Information means information of a confidential or secret nature as
well as trade secrets and/or commercially sensitive information in any form whatsoever (including, without limitation in written, oral,
visual or electronic form or on any magnetic or optical disc or memory and wherever located) relating to the business or financial affairs,
customers, clients, products of the Client or any Affiliate or any other person (whether agents, clients, customers, prospective customers
or suppliers) having dealings with the Client or any Affiliate. Confidential Information shall include (without limitation) details and
lists of individuals, customers, clients or counterparties, suppliers or other organisations with whom the Client or any Affiliate transacted
business during the Engagement (defined in Clause 2 below) (including their requirements, financial standing, the terms of business and
any dealings with them); strategic business planning and financial information of the Client or any Affiliate (including results and forecasts
of any business or trading desks, financial instrument transaction systems, details of any potential acquisitions or disposals, management
systems, new business opportunities, details of employees and officers and their remuneration/benefits and the terms of their employment
with the Client or any Affiliate); any information concerning telecommunications systems and/or data processing/analysis, (including inventions,
developments or improvements, designs, processes, software (including source codes)) or copyright works discovered or used by the Client
(or any Affiliate) or their employees; and any information which the Consultant is told is confidential or which the Consultant is are
aware or ought reasonably to be aware has been given to the Client or any Affiliate in confidence by other persons. Any analyses, studies
or other documents prepared by the Consultant during the Engagement in connection with the Services shall be deemed to be Confidential
Information.

1.1.3. Customer means any customer, client or counterparty, or prospective customer, client
or counterparty of the Client or any Affiliate (whether a company, partnership, individual or other entity), with which or with whom the
Consultant and/or any other person performing the Services on the Consultants behalf) has had material and/or regular dealings
in the course of the Engagement or, where the provision would apply after the Engagement ends, at any time during the twenty-four (24)
months immediately preceding its termination.

1.1.4. Intellectual Property Rights means any patents, rights to inventions, copyright and
related rights, moral rights, trademarks and service marks, publicity rights, trade names, business names and domain names, rights in
get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights,
semiconductor chip rights, rights to use and protect the confidentiality of confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets)
and any and all other intellectual property rights and protections, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all
applications (and rights to apply) for and be granted, renewals or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all
similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which may now or in the future subsist in any part of the world in this or any other
jurisdiction.

1.1.5. Inventions means any invention, idea, discovery, development, improvement or innovation
made by the Consultant and/or any other person performing the Services on the Consultants behalf in connection with the provision
of the Services, whether or not patentable or capable of registration, and whether or not recorded in any medium.

1.1.6. Manager means the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BGC Partners, Inc., or
his designate.

1.1.7. Restricted Business shall mean the business (or any part of the business) which:

(i) is carried on by the Client or any Affiliate at the date of termination of the Engagement; or

(ii) was carried on by the Client or any Affiliate at any time during the Engagement or, where the relevant
provision would apply after the Engagement ends, any time during the twenty-four (24) months immediately preceding its termination; or

(iii) is to the Consultants knowledge to be carried out by the Client or any Affiliate at any time during
the twenty-four (24) months immediately following the date of termination of the Engagement; and

which the Consultant (and/or any other
person performing the Services on the Consultants behalf) was materially concerned with or worked for or had substantial Confidential
Information regarding, in any case at any time during the Engagement or, where the relevant provision would apply after the Engagement
ends, at any time during the period of twenty-four (24) months immediately preceding its termination.

1.1.8. Restricted Person shall mean any person who is (or was) employed or engaged by or
who provides (or has provided) services to the Client or any Affiliate and who the Consultant (and/or any other person performing the
Services on the Consultants behalf) has managed or with whom they have had material and/or regular dealings in the course of the
Engagement or, where the provision would apply after the Engagement ends, at any time during the twenty-four (24) months immediately preceding
its termination and who (i) is in any senior, managerial, sales, broking, trading, other revenue generating, analyst, client management,
marketing, business development, technical or IT role (provided that this restriction shall not apply to purely clerical or administrative
staff; or (ii) has or has otherwise had responsibility for or influence over customers, clients or counterparties; or (iii) is or was
in possession of Confidential Information and/or could materially damage the interests of the Client or any Affiliate.

1.1.9. Services means such projects or assignments as agreed, whether verbally or in writing,
with the Manager from time to time as well as assistance with any other related matters at the request of the Manager.

2

1.1.10. Supplier means any company, partnership, individual or other entity which at any
time during the course of the Engagement or, where the provision would apply after the Engagement ends, any time during the twenty-four
(24) months immediately preceding its termination, was a supplier or prospective supplier of the Client (or any Affiliate) and with whom
the Consultant (and/or any other person performing the Services on the Consultants behalf) had material and/or regular dealings.

1.1.11. Works means any ideas, inventions, discoveries, developments, concepts, plans, creations,
improvements, innovations or work product prepared or produced during the course of the Engagement, including, without limitation, any
discussions, writings, drawings, records, reports, documents, papers, designs, transparencies, photos, graphics, logos, typographical
arrangements, software programs, source code, object code, and documentation of any kind, and all other materials embodying them in whatever
form, including but not limited to hard copy and electronic form, prepared by the Consultant and/or any other person performing the Services
on the Consultants behalf in connection with the provision of the Services.

1.2. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect its construction.

1.3. References to the singular include references to the plural and vice versa.

1.4. References to one gender include references to the other genders.

1.5. Any reference to parties shall be construed as a reference to the parties to this Agreement
and shall include their successors and permitted assigns; and any reference to a party shall be construed as a reference
to whichever of the parties is appropriate in the context in which such expression may be used.

1.6. Any reference to a clause shall be construed as a reference to, respectively, a clause of
this Agreement, unless the context requires otherwise.

1.7. Any reference to Client shall be deemed to include a reference to any Affiliate, where appropriate.

1.8. Any reference to a particular law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being taking account
of any amendment, extension, or re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under it.

2. Term of Engagement

2.1. The Consultant shall provide the Services on the terms of this Agreement (the Engagement).

2.2. The Engagement shall start on the termination of the Consultants employment with the Client or
an Affiliate (the Start Date). Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, it will continue until the earlier
of the Clients termination of this Engagement or a fixed period of three (3) years immediately following the Start Date, after
which it will terminate automatically without the need for further notice. The Client may terminate this Engagement at any time in its
sole discretion upon written notice to the Consultant, including but not limited to any time prior to or subsequent to the Start Date.

3

3. Services

3.1. During the Engagement, the Consultant shall devote such time as requested by the Client in carrying out
the Services.

3.2. The Consultant shall use his best endeavours to ensure that he is available at all times on reasonable
notice to provide such assistance or information as the Client may require.

3.3. The Consultant will give the Client as much notice as is practicable if he is unable to provide the Services
due to illness or injury, or for any other reason.

3.4. The Services are to be performed at the Clients offices in London or other offices in the European,
American or Asia-Pacific regions or any combination thereof unless otherwise agreed in advance between the Client and the Consultant.
On days when the Consultant does not attend the Clients premises, the Consultant agrees to be contactable by phone and to take
such steps as are necessary for performance of the Services.

3.5. The Consultant agrees that, unless otherwise directed, the Consultant will report regularly to the Manager
in such manner as the Manager may agree with the Consultant from time to time. The Consultant shall comply with all reasonable directions
provided by, and operate within the extent of the authority expressly given by the Manager. The Consultant will work and co-operate with
any personnel of the Client and with any other consultants the Client appoints.

3.6. The Consultant undertakes that during the Engagement the Consultant shall:

3.6.1. provide the Services in a professional manner using all due care, skill, attention and ability;

3.6.2. use best endeavours to promote the interests of the Client;

3.6.3. comply with all applicable laws, regulations and codes;

3.6.4. comply with the Clients compliance, legal and financial crime policies as well as the compliance
manuals, and all other regulations, codes and principles made by the FCA or any similar self-regulating organisation in the UK and other
relevant jurisdictions;

3.6.5. comply with the Clients anti-bribery policies and will not engage in any activity, practice or
conduct which would constitute an offence under sections 1, 2 or 6 of the Bribery Act 2010 if such activity, practice or conduct had been
carried out in the UK or similar provisions contained in anti-bribery legislation in the other relevant jurisdictions;

3.6.6. remain alert to conduct risk issues, specifically the risk of harm to client interests, market integrity
and/or competition in financial markets due to inappropriate practices or behaviours;

3.6.7. comply with all relevant policies in the Clients handbooks, including those related to Equal Opportunities,
Anti-Harassment and Anti-Bullying, Whistleblowing, Social Media and IT Security policies;

3.6.8. comply with all reasonable standards of safety and comply with the relevant site health and safety practices
from time to time in force at the Clients premises where the Services are provided and shall report to the Client any unsafe working
conditions; and

3.6.9. not infringe the rights of any third party or breach any obligations owed to any third party in providing
the Services.

4

3.7. Unless specifically authorised to do so by the Client in writing, the Consultant shall not:

3.7.1. have any authority to incur any expenditure in the name of or for the account of the Client or any Affiliate;

3.7.2. sign any document, enter into any agreement or make any promise or undertaking on behalf of the Client
or any Affiliate;

3.7.3. do anything outside the ordinary course of the business of the Client; or

3.7.4. hold himself out as having authority to bind the Client or any Affiliate.

3.8. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Consultant from being engaged, concerned or having any financial
interest in any capacity in any other business, trade, profession or occupation during the Engagement provided that:

3.8.1. such activity does not cause any conflict of interest with the Client, any Affiliate or any other breach
of any of the Consultant's obligations under this Agreement;

3.8.2. the Consultant shall not engage in any such activity if it relates to a business which is similar to or
in any way competitive with the business of the Client or an Affiliate without the prior written consent of the Client;

3.8.3. the Consultant shall give priority to the provision of the Services to the Client over any other business
activities undertaken by the Consultant during the course of the Engagement; and

3.8.4. the Consultant shall not engage in any activity related to the Customers of the Client (other than in
accordance with the provision of the Services under the terms of this Agreement) or any business opportunities not offered to the Client.

3.9. The Consultant may use a third party to perform any administrative, clerical or secretarial functions
which are reasonably incidental to the provision of the Services provided that:

3.9.1. the Client will not be liable to bear the cost of such functions; and

3.9.2. at the Client's request the third party shall be required to enter into direct undertakings with the Client,
including with regard to confidentiality.

4. Fee

4.1. The Client will pay the Consultant a fee of EUR 8,333.33 including VAT per month (less any deduction required
by law) in respect of the Engagement (the Fee) monthly in arrears, provided such Fee shall be pro-rated for any partial
months of the Engagement, for up to ten (10) hours of Service per month.

4.2. The Consultant shall bear his own expenses in the course of the Engagement, unless expressly agreed otherwise
by the Client in writing.

4.3. The Fee paid by the Client is full and complete compensation for all obligations undertaken by the Consultant
under this Agreement including, without limitation, consideration for all rights to inventions, improvements or Intellectual Property
Rights assigned under this Agreement.

4.4. The Client shall have the right to deduct from the Fee (or any other sums owed to the Consultant) any
amount which the Consultant may owe to the Client or an Affiliate at anytime.

5

4.5. If the Client (acting reasonably) determines that it is required by law to account to HM Revenue &
Customs for employer National Insurance contributions in respect of the Fee (or any part thereof), the Client shall notify the Consultant
in writing of that determination and the original Fee shall be reduced to such amount as results in the total of (i) the adjusted Fee
plus, (ii) an amount equal to the employer National Insurance contributions payable by the Client in respect of such adjusted Fee, being
equal to the amount of the original Fee.

4.6. Payment in full or in part of the Fee shall be without prejudice to any claims or rights of the Client
or any Affiliate against the Consultant in respect of the provision of the Services.

5. Independent Status

5.1. The relationship of the Consultant to the Client shall be and remain that of independent contractor. Nothing
in this Agreement shall constitute or be deemed to constitute the Consultant being an employee or worker or partner or agent of the Client
or any Affiliate for any purpose whatsoever and the Consultant shall not hold himself out as such.

5.2. The Consultant will not be an employee and therefore will not be entitled to receive from the Client any
sick pay, holiday pay or any other employee benefits.

5.3. The Consultant shall be solely responsible for all income tax, National Insurance and social security
liabilities and similar contributions in respect of the Fee paid hereunder and the Consultant will account for any VAT on the Fee to the
appropriate authorities.

6. Indemnity, Insurance and Liability

6.1. This Agreement constitutes a contract for the provision of services and not a contract of employment and
accordingly the Consultant shall have personal liability for, be fully responsible for and agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the
Client and any Affiliate in respect of and against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable legal costs),
fines, penalties or expenses of any kind arising out of or in connection with the provision of the Services, including (but not limited
to);

6.1.1. any material breach by the Consultant of the terms of this Agreement;

6.1.2. any wilful default or negligent or reckless conduct or omission or default in the provision of the Services;

6.1.3. any income tax, national insurance and social security contribution, or other tax charges, and any penalties,
liabilities, deductions, contributions, assessments, fines or interest in relation to any tax (including any employee or employer related
tax) arising in connection with the performance of the Services (where recovery is not prohibited by law);

6.1.4. any employment related claim or any claims based on employee, partner, agent or worker status or otherwise
brought by the Consultant or any person performing the Services; and

6.1.5. all claims and proceedings arising from a third party claim that the use of the Works or Inventions or
their possession by the Client and/ or Affiliate infringes the intellectual property right or other proprietary right of that third party
or any other claim relating to the Works or Inventions supplied by the Consultant to the Client during the course of providing the Services.

6.2. The Client may at its option satisfy such indemnities (in whole or in part) by way of deduction from any
payments due to the Consultant.

6

6.3. The Consultant warrants and represents that the Consultant maintains and shall maintain in force throughout
the Engagement, full and comprehensive insurance policies as are required for the lawful performance of the Services by the Consultant.
The insurance will not affect the Consultants liability under clause 6.1 or otherwise.

6.4. The Consultant shall notify the insurers of the Clients interest and shall cause the interest to
be noted on the insurance policies.

6.5. The Consultant shall ensure that he is adequately insured in respect of business travel both in the United
Kingdom and abroad regardless of whether the Client arranges travel details such as flight and hotel bookings for the Consultant. The
Consultant will supply to the Client, if it so requests, a copy of any such insurance policies and evidence that premiums have been paid.
If the Consultant is required to travel abroad in the course of the Engagement, the Consultant shall also be responsible for all necessary
inoculations and immigration requirements.

6.6. The Consultant shall comply with all terms and conditions of the insurance policies at all times, and
the Consultant shall notify the Client without delay if the cover under the insurance policies shall lapse or not be renewed or be changed
in any material way.

7. Confidential Information

7.1. The Consultant acknowledges that in the course of the Engagement he will have access to Confidential Information.
The Consultant has therefore agreed to accept the restrictions in this clause 7.

7.2. The Consultant hereby covenants and agrees that the Consultant shall not at any time during the Engagement
nor after its termination directly or indirectly use, or copy or divulge Confidential Information to the detriment or prejudice of the
Client, any Affiliate, or any Customer, other clients or any Supplier.

7.3. The Consultant will keep a record of the Confidential Information furnished to or prepared by the Consultant
and of the location of such Confidential Information.

7.4. The Consultant shall not be restrained from disclosing any Confidential Information which the Consultant
is authorised to disclose in the proper performance of the Services or which is or comes into the public domain (other than as a result
of unauthorised disclosure by the Consultant) or is ordered to be disclosed by a court of competent jurisdiction, a regulatory authority
or otherwise required to be disclosed by law.

7.5. If the Consultant is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information, it will promptly notify
the Client, in order to permit the Client to seek a protective order or take other appropriate action. The Consultant will cooperate in
the Clients efforts to obtain a protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the
Confidential Information. If, in the absence of a protective order, the Consultant is, in the written opinion of its legal adviser addressed
to the Client, compelled as a matter of law to disclose the Confidential Information, the Consultant may disclose to the party compelling
disclosure only that part of the Confidential Information required by law to be disclosed.

7.6. The Consultant shall use best endeavours to safeguard Confidential Information from unauthorised disclosure.
The Consultant will promptly notify the Client in writing if any information comes to its attention, which information may indicate there
was or is likely to be a loss of confidentiality of any portion of the Confidential Information. The Consultant shall use its best endeavours
to retrieve the lost or wrongfully disclosed Confidential Information and to prevent further unauthorised disclosure or loss of any Confidential
Information.

7

7.7. To the extent the consultancy between the Client and the Consultant commenced prior to the execution of
this Agreement, the provisions of this clause shall apply retroactively from the start of such consultancy.

7.8. At any time during the Engagement, the Consultant will promptly return to the Client, on the Clients
request, all and any Confidential Information in its possession.

8. Intellectual Property

8.1. The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the Works and Inventions are done under the Clients
direction and control and have been specifically ordered and commissioned by the Client. The Consultant further acknowledges and agrees
that the Client shall be the sole owner of the Works and Inventions, and all underlying rights therein, worldwide and in perpetuity. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Works do not include any industry standard calculations and theoretical mathematical models that are in the
public domain through no breach of this Agreement.

8.2. The Consultant hereby irrevocably grants, transfers and assigns to the Client, to the fullest extent permissible
by law, any and all existing and future right, title and interest in and to the Works and the Inventions and all materials contained therein
or prepared therefore, and any improvements thereon, including all Intellectual Property Rights. In so far as they do not vest automatically
by operation of law or under this Agreement, the Consultant holds legal title in these rights, titles and interests on trust for the Client.

8.3. The Consultant undertakes:

8.3.1. to notify to the Client in writing full details of all Inventions promptly on their creation;

8.3.2. to keep confidential the details of all Inventions;

8.3.3. whenever requested to do so by the Client and in any event on the termination of the Engagement, promptly
to deliver to the Client all correspondence, documents, papers and records on all media (and all copies or abstracts of them) providing
full details of the Works and recording or relating to any part of the Works and the process of their creation which are in the possession,
custody or power of the Consultant;

8.3.4. not to register or attempt to register any of the Intellectual Property Rights in the Works, nor any of
the Inventions, unless requested to do so by the Client;

8.3.5. to cooperate fully with the Client and do all acts necessary to confirm that absolute title in all Intellectual
Property Rights in the Works and Inventions has passed or will pass to the Client.

8.4. The Consultant warrants to the Client:

8.4.1. never to transfer or assign the Works, the Inventions or any Intellectual Property Rights in the Works
or the Inventions, to any third party,

8.4.2. not to contest the Clients exclusive, complete and unrestricted ownership in and to the Works and
the Inventions (including all Intellectual Property Rights therein), or claim adverse rights therein;

8.4.3. that he has not and will not give permission to any third party to use any of the Works or the Inventions,
nor any of the Intellectual Property Rights in the Works or the Inventions;

8.4.4. that he is unaware of any use by any third party of any of the Works or Intellectual Property Rights in
the Works; and

8

8.4.5. that the use of the Works or the Intellectual Property Rights in the Works by the Client will not infringe
the rights of any third party.

8.5. The Consultant hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives in favour of the Client any moral rights
to which he is now or may at any future time be entitled under the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 or any similar provisions of
law in any jurisdiction, including (without limitation) the right to be identified, the right of integrity and the right against false
attribution, and agrees not to institute, support, maintain or permit any action or claim to the effect that any treatment, exploitation
or use of the Works or Inventions or other materials infringes the Consultants moral rights.

8.6. The Consultant undertakes to execute all documents, make all applications, give all assistance and do
all acts and things, at any time during or after the Engagement, as may, in the opinion of the Client, be necessary or desirable to vest
the Intellectual Property Rights in, and register or obtain patents or registered designs in, the name of the Client and to defend the
Client against claims that works embodying Intellectual Property Rights or Inventions infringe third party rights, and otherwise to protect
and maintain the Intellectual property Rights in the Works and the Inventions.

8.7. The Consultant hereby irrevocably appoints the Client (which may delegate its powers to any director of
the Client) to be his attorney in his name and on his behalf to execute all deeds and documents, use the Consultants name and do
all things as may be required or desirable at any time (whether during or after the Engagement) to give full effect to the provisions
of this clause for the benefit of the Client or its nominee and the Consultant agrees immediately on request of the Client to ratify all
such deeds and documents executed in pursuance of this power. A certificate in writing, signed by any director or the secretary of the
Client, that any instrument or act falls within the authority conferred by this Agreement shall be conclusive evidence that such is the
case so far as any third party is concerned.

8.8. Upon the termination of the Engagement, the Consultant shall immediately deliver to the Client in understandable
and organised form, all Works, Inventions and works-in-progress, and shall, at no extra charge, be available to, and cooperate with, the
Clients designees in connection with the transition of any Works or Inventions.

8.9. To the extent the consultancy between the Client and the Consultant commenced prior to the execution of
this Agreement, the provisions of this Clause 8 shall apply retroactively from the start of such consultancy.

8.10. The Consultant acknowledges that, except as provided by law, no further fees or compensation other than
those provided for in this Agreement are due or may become due to the Consultant in respect of the performance of his obligations under
this Clause 8.

9. Data Protection

9.1. The Consultant consents to the Client and any Affiliate holding and processing data relating to the Consultant
for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes and in particular to the processing of any sensitive personal data
, also known as special categories of personal data (as defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European
Parliament and of the Council (GDPR) relating to the Consultant including, as appropriate:

9.1.1. information about the Consultants physical or mental health or condition in order to monitor sickness
absence;

9.1.2. the Consultants racial or ethnic origin or religious or similar beliefs in order to monitor compliance
with equal opportunities legislation; and

9

9.1.3. information relating to any criminal proceedings in which the Consultant may have been involved for insurance
purposes and in order to comply with legal requirements and obligations to third parties.

9.2. The Consultant consents to the Client making such information available to any Affiliate and any party
(whether inside or outside of the European Economic Area) who provides products or services to the Client and any Affiliate, such as advisers,
regulatory authorities, taxation authorities, governmental or quasigovernmental organisations and potential purchasers of the Client or
any part of its business.

9.3. The Consultant consents to the transfer of such information to the Clients and Affiliates
offices or business contacts outside the European Economic Area in order to further its or their business interests

9.4. The Consultant shall comply with the Clients and any Affiliates data protection policies
and relevant obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 and associated codes of practice when processing personal data in the provision
of the Services.

9.5. To ensure regulatory compliance the Client records and monitors telephone lines on which business may
be conducted, whether fixed lines or Client issued mobile telephone or Blackberry lines. For the same reason, and for the protection of
its workers, clients/customers and business, the Client reserves the right to use surveillance equipment and to monitor, intercept, review
and access telephone log, security pass entry and exit data, internet usage, voicemail, e-mail and other communication facilities provided
by the Client. The Client will use this right of access reasonably but communications and activities on the Clients equipment or
premises cannot be presumed to be private.

10. Protection of the Clients Interests

10.1. The Consultant acknowledges that in the course of providing the Services the Consultant is likely to obtain
the Clients and Affiliates Confidential Information and personal knowledge of and influence over the Clients or Affiliates
clients, customers, suppliers and staff. Accordingly the Consultant agrees to accept the restrictions in this clause.

10.2. The Consultant will not at any time during the Engagement and for a period of twelve (12) months after
its termination offer to employ or engage or otherwise solicit or endeavour to entice away from the Client or any Affiliate, or interfere
with the Client or any Affiliates relationship with, any Restricted Person.

10.3. The Consultant will not at any time during the Engagement and for a period of twelve (12) months after
its termination:

10.3.1. in competition with the Restricted Business, deal, carry on business with, transact business with, or
seek to procure orders from, any Customer;

10.3.2. in competition with the Restricted Business solicit or endeavour to entice away from the Client or any
Affiliate, or interfere with the Client or an Affiliates relationship with any Customer or Supplier;

10.3.3. render services to or become interested in (as owner, stockholder, partner, lender or other investor,
director, officer, employee, consultant or otherwise) any business activity that is in competition with the Restricted Business (save
that it may acquire or own, by way of investment only, less than 1% of the outstanding securities of any class of any corporation that
is listed on a recognised stock exchange or traded in the over-the-counter market).

10

10.4. The Consultant acknowledges that:

10.4.1. the restrictions set out above are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate interests
of the Client and any Affiliates and that, having regard to those interests, these restrictions do not work unreasonably on the Consultant;

10.4.2. the restrictions shall apply in relation to all Customers, other clients and Suppliers in respect of whom
they are expressed to apply notwithstanding that such Customers, other clients and Suppliers may have been introduced to the Client or
any Affiliate by the Consultant (or any person under its control) before or during the Engagement; and

10.4.3. any and all of the Consultants relationships from time to time with Customers, other clients and
Suppliers are the property of the Client and/or its Affiliate and the Consultant has no interest, right or entitlement to maintain particular
relationships or accounts with any such person.

10.5. The obligations imposed on the Consultant by this Clause 10 extend to the Consultant not only on his own
account but also if he acts on behalf of or in conjunction with any other firm, company, partnership, business entity or other person
and shall apply whether the Consultant or such party act directly or indirectly.

10.6. The restrictions entered into by the Consultant in this Clause 10 are given to the Client for itself and
as trustee for each and any Affiliate. In accordance with the Contracts (Rights and Third Parties) Act 1999, any Affiliate may rely upon
and enforce the terms of this Clause 10 against the Consultant.

11. Termination

11.1. As further set forth in Clause 2.2., the Client may terminate this Engagement at any time in its sole
discretion upon written notice to the Consultant, including but not limited to any time prior to or subsequent to the Start Date.

11.2. The Consultant agrees that, on the termination of the Engagement (irrespective of the time, manner or
cause of the termination) it will:

11.2.1. immediately deliver up to the Client any Works, Inventions or Confidential Information in its possession,
custody or control;

11.2.2. return to the Client any property belonging to the Client or any of its Affiliates or their Customers,
other clients or Suppliers in its possession, custody or control including, without limitation, all documents, books, materials, records,
correspondence, security passes, car, computer, credit cards, telephone, keys, documents (whether confidential or not);

11.2.3. advise the Client of the existence of any Works, Inventions, Confidential Information or any other information
relating to the business of the Client or any Affiliate stored on any magnetic or electronic media or memory under its control outside
the premises of the Client or an Affiliate, and take all reasonable steps to permanently delete such material at the request of the Client
or an Affiliate; and

11.2.4. provide a signed statement that it has complied fully with its obligations under this clause.

11.3. The rights of the Client under this clause are without prejudice to any other rights that it might have
at law to terminate the Engagement or to accept any breach of this Agreement on the part of the Consultant as having brought the Agreement
to an end. Any delay by the Client in exercising its rights to terminate shall not constitute a waiver of these rights.

11

12. Notices

12.1. Any notices given under this Agreement must be given in writing, and delivered by hand or by pre-paid
first-class post or other next working day delivery service, to the addresses of the parties set out below, unless otherwise notified
in writing:

To the Client: BGC Services (Holdings) LLP

1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5RD

For the attention of: General Counsel

To the Consultant: Jean-Pierre Aubin

[Address on File with BGC]

12.2. Any notice delivered by hand shall be deemed to have been received on signature of a delivery receipt.
Any notice sent by pre-paid first class post or other next working day delivery service shall be deemed to have been received on the second
working day after posting or at the time recorded by the delivery service.

12.3. This clause does not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action or,
where applicable, any arbitration or other method of dispute resolution.

13. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999

13.1. The Clients obligations under this Agreement may be enforced by the Client or any Affiliate and
any of the directors, employees, officers or agents (whether past or present) of the Client or any Affiliate. Otherwise, a person who
is not a party to this Agreement shall not have any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term
of this Agreement.

14. General

14.1. This Agreement supersedes and replaces the consultancy agreement between Client and Consultant, dated
4 September 2020 and further amended from time to time, which shall be null and void and of no effect.

14.2. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any previous written
or oral agreement between the parties in relation to the matters dealt with in it. The Consultant acknowledges that he has not been induced
to enter into this Agreement by any representation, warranty or undertaking not expressly incorporated into it. The Consultant agrees
and acknowledge that his only rights and remedies in relation to any representation, warranty or undertaking made or given in connection
with this Agreement (unless such representation, warranty or undertaking was made fraudulently) will be for breach of the terms of this
Agreement, to the exclusion of all other rights and remedies (including those in tort or arising under statute).

14.3. This Agreement constitutes a contract between the Client and the Consultant save that it shall not be
binding and enforceable unless or until executed by a duly authorised representative of the Client.

14.4. This Agreement may only be modified by the written agreement of both the Consultant and a duly authorised
signatory of the Client.

14.5. This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same agreement. Any party may enter into this Agreement by signing any such counterpart.

12

14.6. No partys rights or powers under this Agreement will be affected if one party delays in enforcing
any provision of this Agreement or one party grants time to the other party to remedy any breach of this Agreement by that party.

14.7. If a party agrees to waive its rights under a provision of this Agreement, that waiver will only be effective
if it is in writing and signed by or on behalf of the Consultant or, in respect of the Client, a duly authorised signatory. A partys
agreement to waive any breach of any term or condition of this Agreement will not be regarded as a waiver of any subsequent breach of
the same term or condition or a different term or condition unless expressly stated.

14.8. Clauses 4.4, 5.3, 6.1, 7 to 10, and 12 to 14 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and shall
continue to bind the parties with full force and effect.

14.9. In the event that any of the terms, conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined
invalid unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms conditions
and provisions which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.

14.10. The Client may assign this Agreement to a creditworthy Affiliate in whole or in part, and if the Client
shall choose to do so, the Consultant shall have no claim against the Client in connection with such assignment.

14.11. This Agreement and any dispute or claims arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter
or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England
and Wales. Each of the parties submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts as regards any claim or matter arising out
of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been entered into as
at the date stated at the beginning:

/s/ James Lightbourne 

James Lightbourne 

Signed for and on behalf of

BGC Services (Holdings) LLP 

DIRECTOR AND GENERAL COUNSEL DATE: FEBRUARY 18, 2025

/s/ Jean-Pierre Aubin 

Jean-Pierre Aubin 

EXECUTED AND DELIVERED as a Deed by THE CONSULTANT in the Presence of: DATE: FEBRUARY 18, 2025

Lori J. Pennay 

Witness Name 

/s/ Lori J. Pennay 

Witness Signature 

499 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022 

Witness Address 

[Consultancy Agreement between

BGC Services (Holdings) LLP and Jean-Pierre Aubin
dated 18th day of February 2025]

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex10-5_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEED OF AMENDMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025, TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DEED OF ADHERENCE, BETWEEN SEAN A. WINDEATT AND BGC SERVICES (HOLDINGS) LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

THIS DEED OF AMENDMENT is made the 18th
day of February 2025

BETWEEN:

(1) BGC SERVICES (HOLDINGS) LLP (the Partnership), of Five Churchill Place, Canary Wharf,
London E14 5RD; and

(2) SEAN WINDEATT (the Individual Member).

With effect from the date hereof the Deed made
between the Individual Member and BGC Services (Holdings) LLP dated 22 January 2014, as amended by deeds of amendment dated 24 February
2017, 5 November 2020 and 12 July 2023 (together, the Deed), shall be varied and amended as follows:

SCHEDULE 1:
INDIVIDUAL MEMBERS TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. DURATION OF MEMBERSHIP:

Clause 1.1 of Schedule 1 to the Deed is hereby
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

1.1 Membership is for a minimum initial period of up to and including 30 June 2034, unless terminated in accordance
with this Deed or the provisions of the Partnership Deed (the Initial Period), and commencing 1 July 2032 either the Individual
Member or the Partnership may at any time give twenty four (24) months advance notice (the Notice Period) to the
other in writing to terminate the Individual Members Membership, and such termination of Membership shall be effective upon the
expiration of such Notice Period. Membership shall, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Deed or the provisions
of the Partnership Deed, continue following 30 June 2034 on the same terms and conditions set forth in this Deed until expiration of the
Notice Period (such time period between 30 June 2034 and the expiration of the Notice Period shall be referred to as the Renewal
Period). Any such notice given by the Individual Member or the Partnership hereunder shall also be delivered simultaneously in
writing by the Individual Member or the Partnership (as appropriate) to BGC Group, Inc., c/o General Counsel, 499 Park Avenue, New York,
NY 10022. Such notice shall be delivered by hand, electronic mail or overnight courier and shall be effective at such time as it is received
by both the Individual Member or the Partnership, as the case may be, and by BGC Group, Inc.

3. PROFIT ALLOCATION AND ADVANCE DRAWINGS

With deemed effect from 1 January 2025, the Individual
Members Allocated Monthly Advance Drawings is 62,500 and clause 3.1 of the Deed is hereby amended accordingly.

Subject to clause 3.2 of the Deed, within 30 days
of the date on which both parties have executed this Deed, the Individual Member shall be paid a one-time allocation of profit in the
sum of USD 460,000 (less applicable deductions for income tax and national insurance contributions).

7. AGREED AMENDMENTS TO THE PARTNERSHIP DEED IN RESPECT OF THE INDIVIDUAL MEMBERS MEMBERSHIP

The reference to twenty-four (24) months
in the first sentence of Clause 16.3(B) of the Partnership Deed (as previously amended) shall be changed to thirty-six (36) months.

All other terms and conditions of the Individual
Members membership are unaffected and remain as set out in the Deed and the Partnership Deed. In particular, the Individual Member
acknowledges and agrees that he will be bound by all the obligations set out in clause 7.3 of Schedule 1 to the Deed (as amended under
the terms of a deed of amendment dated 24 February 2017), and clause 20 (Confidential Information) of the Partnership Deed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the
parties have executed this Deed the day and year first above written.

SIGNED and DELIVERED as a )

DEED by BGC SERVICES )

(HOLDINGS) LLP acting by: ):

/s/ James Lightbourne

() Director and General Counsel

Witnessed /s/ Nick Bacon

()

Name: Nick Bacon

Address: 5 Churchill Place

London E145RD

SIGNED and DELIVERED as a )

DEED by SEAN WINDEATT )

)

/s/ Sean Windeatt

() Sean Windeatt

Witnessed /s/ Amanda Dannahy

()

Name: A. Dannahy

Address: 5 Churchill Place

London E145RD

[Signature Page to Deed of Amendment between
Sean Windeatt and BGC Services (Holdings) LLP, dated as of 18 February 2025]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex99-1_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BGC GROUP, INC. PRESS RELEASE RE: HOWARD LUTNICK'S CONFIRMATION AS THE 41ST SECRETARY OF COMMERCE DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Howard Lutnick Confirmed as 41st United States Secretary
of Commerce; Steps Down as BGC Group Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

NEW YORK, NY February 18, 2025 BGC
Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGC) (BGC or the Company), a leading global brokerage and financial technology company,
today announced Howard W. Lutnick, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has been confirmed by the United States Senate as the 41st Secretary
of Commerce and, as a result, has stepped down as Chairman of the Board and from his executive positions at the Company.

As a resilient and visionary leader, Mr. Lutnick built BGC into the
worlds most valuable wholesale financial services intermediary, with more than 4,000 employees worldwide, revenues exceeding $2.25
billion, and a market capitalization of approximately $4.5 billion. Under his leadership, the Company established itself as a pioneer
in electronic trading solutions, which included the automation of the U.S. Treasury market the largest bond market in the world.

Howard is a visionary leader with an exceptional ability to
identify opportunities and challenges that others overlook, said Linda Bell, a Member of the Board of Directors, commented on
behalf of the Board. With a strategic view of the entire market landscape, he made decisive moves that others might have missed,
positioning BGC ahead of industry trends. We are deeply grateful for his relentless drive and forward-thinking approach, which have enabled
BGC to adapt and thrive in a constantly evolving market.

Most recently, to drive competition in the U.S. derivatives markets,
Mr. Lutnick launched FMX, the premier U.S. Treasury and U.S. interest rate futures trading marketplace together with ten of the worlds
leading global investment banks and market-making firms.

Mr. Lutnick has agreed to divest his interests in BGC to comply with
U.S. government ethics rules and does not expect any arrangement which involves selling shares on the open market.

In separate releases, BGC today announced additional Executive and
Board changes. Please visit ir.bgcg.com

BIOGRAPHY 

Mr. Lutnick joined Cantor Fitzgerald in 1983 and rose rapidly through
the ranks to be appointed President and CEO in 1991, at the age of 29. Five years later he was named Chairman. On September 11, 2001,
when terrorists attacked the World Trade Center, Cantor Fitzgerald lost 658 of its 960 New York-based employees, including Mr. Lutnicks
brother Gary. In the days after the attack, he launched the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund, which donated $180 million to families of his
coworkers who died on 9/11. He has personally donated more than $100 million to victims of terrorism, natural disasters, and other emergencies
around the world.

Mr. Lutnick emerged from these events with an indomitable sense of
purpose to rebuild the firm to honor those lost and support the survivors and their families. In 2004, Cantor Fitzgerald spun
out its wholesale brokerage business to create BGC Partners, L.P. As Chairman and CEO, he led the merger of BGC Partners and eSpeed in
2008, forming BGC Partners, Inc., which was publicly listed on the Nasdaq. The Company was renamed BGC Group, Inc. following the firms
corporate conversion in 2023.

Mr. Lutnick most recently served on the Board of Directors of the National
September 11 Memorial & Museum and Weill Cornell Medicine. He is a recipient of the Department of the Navys Distinguished Public
Service Award, the highest honor granted to non-military personnel by the Navy.

About BGC Group, Inc.

BGC Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGC) is a leading global marketplace, data,
and financial technology services company for a broad range of products, including fixed income, foreign exchange, energy, commodities,
shipping, equities, and now includes the FMX Futures Exchange. BGCs clients are many of the worlds largest banks, broker-dealers,
investment banks, trading firms, hedge funds, governments, corporations, and investment firms.

BGC and leading global investment banks and market making firms have
partnered to create FMX, part of the BGC Group of companies, which includes a U.S. interest rate futures exchange, spot foreign exchange
platform and the worlds fastest growing U.S. cash treasuries platform.

For more information about BGC, please visit www.bgcg.com.

Discussion of Forward-Looking Statements about BGC

Statements in this document regarding BGC that are not historical facts
are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
contained in the forward-looking statements. These include statements about the Companys business, results, financial position,
liquidity and outlook, which may constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to the risk that the actual impact may differ,
possibly materially, from what is currently expected. Except as required by law, BGC undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in
the forward-looking statements, see BGCs Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, including, but not limited
to, the risk factors and Special Note on Forward-Looking Information set forth in these filings and any updates to such risk factors and
Special Note on Forward-Looking Information contained in subsequent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.

MEDIA CONTACT:

Erica Chase

erica.chase@bgcg.com

+1 212-610-2419

INVESTOR CONTACT:

Jason Chryssicas

+1 212-610-2426
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex99-2_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BGC GROUP, INC. PRESS RELEASE RE: BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPOINTMENTS DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Stephen Merkel named Chairman of BGC Groups Board of Directors

Brandon Lutnick will also join the Board 

NEW YORK, NY February 18, 2025 BGC Group, Inc. (Nasdaq:
BGC) (BGC or the Company), a leading global brokerage and financial technology company, today announced Stephen
Merkel has been named Chairman of the Board of Directors. Howard W. Lutnick, who was confirmed today by the United States Senate as the
41st Secretary of Commerce, has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of BGC.

Mr. Merkel, who has been with BGC since its founding, will also retain
his current roles as Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Brandon Lutnick will also join as a member of the Board.

Stephen has been one of my closest advisors for more than 30
years, said Howard Lutnick. He is an outstanding leader who understands the core of our firm. With his experience
and dedication to the Company, I am confident he will successfully help lead BGCs continued growth and excellence, as I take on
a new role serving the American people.

I am honored and humbled by both Howards recommendation
and the Boards appointment, said Mr. Merkel. I am excited to continue working alongside the Board and John,
JP, and Sean to drive the Companys strategic vision forward. We are immensely grateful for Howards unwavering support for our
employees, clients, and community over the past four decades and have no doubt the American people will benefit from his invaluable expertise.

In separate releases, BGC today announced additional Executive and
Board changes. Please visit ir.bgcg.com.

BIOGRAPHIES

Stephen Merkel is Chairman of the Board of Directors of BGC
Group, Inc. and is Executive Vice President and General Counsel. He is also on the Board of Directors of BGC Groups FMX business.
Additionally, he is Executive Vice Chairman, Executive Managing Director, and General Counsel for the Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. group of
companies, which includes BGC Group, Inc., Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., and Newmark Group, Inc.

Prior to joining Cantor Fitzgerald in 1993, Mr. Merkel was Vice President
and Assistant General Counsel at Goldman Sachs & Co., dedicated to the J. Aron Division. Before that, he was an associate with the
law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison. He also served as a law clerk for the Honorable Irving R. Kaufman of the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr. Merkel received a Bachelors degree with a major in History and Sociology of Science
from the University of Pennsylvania and received his law degree from the University of Michigan Law School.

Mr. Merkel is currently on the Board of Trustees for the Brooklyn Botanic
Garden and on the Board of Directors of the Brooklyn Bridge Park Corporation. He was a founding member of the Wholesale Markets Brokers
Association for the Americas. Mr. Merkel lives with his wife, Robin Shanus, and has three adult children, David, Gabe and Leo.

Brandon Lutnick is the Chairman of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and
is a member of the Board of Directors of BGC Group, Inc.

Most recently, Mr. Lutnick worked as an Executive at Cantor Fitzgerald,
driving the firms corporate strategy and overseeing projects related to the company and its affiliates. He also serves as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer for Cantor Fitzgeralds Special Purpose Acquisition Companies, including Cantor Equity Partners, Inc.
and Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc.

Mr. Lutnick joined Cantor in 2022 in equity sales and trading. He began
his career as a credit analyst at Oak Hill Advisors.

Mr. Lutnick graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Symbolic Systems
from Stanford University.

About BGC Group, Inc.

BGC Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGC) is a leading global marketplace, data,
and financial technology services company for a broad range of products, including fixed income, foreign exchange, energy, commodities,
shipping, equities, and now includes the FMX Futures Exchange. BGCs clients are many of the worlds largest banks, broker-dealers,
investment banks, trading firms, hedge funds, governments, corporations, and investment firms.

BGC and leading global investment banks and market making firms have
partnered to create FMX, part of the BGC Group of companies, which includes a U.S. interest rate futures exchange, spot foreign exchange
platform and the worlds fastest growing U.S. cash treasuries platform.

For more information about BGC, please visit www.bgcg.com.

Discussion of Forward-Looking Statements about BGC 

Statements in this document regarding BGC that are not historical facts
are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
contained in the forward-looking statements. These include statements about the Companys business, results, financial position,
liquidity and outlook, which may constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to the risk that the actual impact may differ,
possibly materially, from what is currently expected. Except as required by law, BGC undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in
the forward-looking statements, see BGCs Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, including, but not limited
to, the risk factors and Special Note on Forward-Looking Information set forth in these filings and any updates to such risk factors and
Special Note on Forward-Looking Information contained in subsequent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.

MEDIA CONTACT:

Erica Chase

erica.chase@bgcg.com

+1 212-610-2419

INVESTOR CONTACT:

Jason Chryssicas

+1 212-610-2426
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023134401ex99-3_bgc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BGC GROUP, INC. PRESS RELEASE RE: CO-CEO APPOINTMENTS DATED FEBRUARY 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

BGC Group announces John Abularrage, JP Aubin, and Sean Windeatt
appointed Co-Chief Executive Officers

Mr. Windeatt will retain his role as Chief Operating Officer

Appointments position BGC to build upon its extraordinary performance

NEW YORK, NY February 18, 2025 BGC
Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGC) (BGC or the Company), a leading global brokerage and financial technology company,
today announced the Board of Directors appointed John Abularrage, JP Aubin, and Sean Windeatt as Co-Chief Executive Officers. Mr. Windeatt
will retain his position as Chief Operating Officer, a role he has held since 2009.

Howard W. Lutnick, who was confirmed today by the United States Senate
as the 41st Secretary of Commerce, has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of BGC.

John, JP, and Sean are world-class executives that have demonstrated
their ability to lead, executed on strategic initiatives, and delivered enormous growth for BGC, said Mr. Lutnick. The
Board and I have complete confidence in their ability to manage and operate the Company, as I step into my new role in public service.

Together, as Co-Global Heads of Brokerage, Messrs. Abularrage, Aubin,
and Windeatt have overseen the Companys day-to-day operations and helped define and execute its corporate strategy. This includes
BGCs organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions, which accelerated the Companys expansion and strengthened its
market position. Under their joint leadership, BGC has consistently produced double-digit revenue growth and generated record revenues
of more than $2.25 billion in 2024.

I am grateful for the Boards trust in me and our collective
leadership, and I look forward to continuing to work alongside JP and Sean as Co-CEOs, said Mr. Abularrage. Together,
we are committed to executing our proven strategy and delivering value for our clients and shareholders.

I am honored to have the opportunity to co-lead this incredible
organization, delivering world-class brokerage services and solutions to our clients, said Mr. Aubin. Having joined
the Company 20 years ago, I look forward to continuing to work alongside John and Sean to drive BGCs growth and support our clients
through innovation and excellence.

It is an immense privilege to co-lead BGC at this pivotal moment,
as we focus on executing transformative strategies that expand our global offering and client base that will generate long-term value
for our shareholders, said Mr. Windeatt. Having served as an Executive Officer of BGC since 2009, I am extremely
proud of what we have built and I look forward to partnering with John and JP to continue driving the Companys future success.

In separate releases, BGC today announced additional Executive and
Board changes. Please visit ir.bgcg.com.

BIOGRAPHIES

John Abularrage has served as Co-Global Head of Brokerage and
Chief Executive Officer of the Americas for BGC Group, where he was responsible for leading, developing, and growing BGCs brokerage
business in the region.

Mr. Abularrage joined BGC Group in 2021, bringing more than 20 years
of financial services experience to the business. Prior to joining the Company, he held various senior positions at TP ICAP, including
Head of Global Broking and Chief Executive Officer of the Americas. Prior to that, Mr. Abularrage served as the Chief Executive Officer
of North America at Collins Stewart, where he was previously the Head of Equities.

JP Aubin has served as Co-Global Head of Brokerage and Chief
Executive Officer of EMEA for BGC Group. He was also Global Head for Listed Products, as well as all digital group platforms, and was
President of Aurel BGC, the Companys EU subsidiary.

Mr. Aubin joined BGC in 2005 and helped drive the companys rapid
expansion in Europe, which included the acquisitions of ETC Pollak in 2005 and Aurel in 2006. In 2008, he moved to BGCs New York
office, where he became Global Head for Listed Products. Since then, he has been instrumental in developing BGCs voice and electronic
broking services in listed products, including equity derivatives, commodities, cash equity, futures and options on futures, and structured
products.

Mr. Aubin began his broking career with Viel-Tradition Group in 1990,
after being part of the Barclays Bank student training program. After trading futures and options for 10 years in both London and Paris,
he was promoted to run the companys continental European operations.

Mr. Aubin is a board member of the French cultural organization the
Runion des Muses Nationaux, and in 2023 was awarded Commandeur des Arts et des Lettres. Mr. Aubin is also deeply involved
in his foundation, the JP Aubin Family Foundation, which focuses on providing children with access to museums and other cultural opportunities.

Sean Windeatt has served as BGCs Chief Operating Officer
for the past 14 years and was appointed Co-Global Head of Brokerage in 2023. Since 2012, he has also held the role of Chief Executive
Officer of BGCs UK business.

Based in London, Mr. Windeatt has been with the Company for more than
27 years. He joined Cantor Fitzgerald in 1997 in the Finance Department and, following the tragic events of September 11, 2001, he was
instrumental in stabilizing and rebuilding the firms brokerage operations.

With BGCs establishment as an independent company in 2004, he
became an integral part of its growth and development. In 2009, he was appointed Chief Operating Officer, overseeing key strategic initiatives,
operational efficiencies, and the Companys expansion. His leadership extended further in 2012 when he became CEO of BGC Brokers,
L.P., guiding the UK business through a period of growth and transformation. In 2023, he assumed the role of Co-Global Head of Brokerage,
further strengthening BGCs position in the industry.

2

About BGC Group, Inc.

BGC Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGC) is a leading global marketplace, data,
and financial technology services company for a broad range of products, including fixed income, foreign exchange, energy, commodities,
shipping, equities, and now includes the FMX Futures Exchange. BGCs clients are many of the worlds largest banks, broker-dealers,
investment banks, trading firms, hedge funds, governments, corporations, and investment firms.

BGC and leading global investment banks and market making firms have
partnered to create FMX, part of the BGC Group of companies, which includes a U.S. interest rate futures exchange, spot foreign exchange
platform and the worlds fastest growing U.S. cash treasuries platform.

For more information about BGC, please visit www.bgcg.com.

Discussion of Forward-Looking Statements about BGC 

Statements in this document regarding BGC that are not historical facts
are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
contained in the forward-looking statements. These include statements about the Companys business, results, financial position,
liquidity and outlook, which may constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to the risk that the actual impact may differ,
possibly materially, from what is currently expected. Except as required by law, BGC undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in
the forward-looking statements, see BGCs Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, including, but not limited
to, the risk factors and Special Note on Forward-Looking Information set forth in these filings and any updates to such risk factors and
Special Note on Forward-Looking Information contained in subsequent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.

MEDIA CONTACT:

Erica Chase

erica.chase@bgcg.com

+1 212-610-2419

INVESTOR CONTACT:

Jason Chryssicas

+1 212-610-2426

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-4_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>bgc-20250218.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>bgc-20250218_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>bgc-20250218_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35591

Entity Registrant Name BGC Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001094831

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3748217

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 499 Park Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 610-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol BGC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://bgcg.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bgc-20250218.xsd 
bgc-20250218_lab.xml 
bgc-20250218_pre.xml 
ea0231344-8k_bgc.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-015309-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ea0231344-8k_bgc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001094831 

2025-02-18 
2025-02-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001094831 
8-K 
2025-02-18 
BGC Group, Inc. 
DE 
001-35591 
86-3748217 
499 Park Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
610-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
BGC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>