<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008512.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008512.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227160524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008512
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Bankruptcy or Receivership
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bright Green Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001886799
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41395
		FILM NUMBER:		25678661

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST LAS OLAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(201)370-1140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST LAS OLAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188679900018867992025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 24, 2025

Bright
Green Corporation

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41395 83-4600841

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

401
E Las Olas Blvd #1400

Fort
Lauderdale, Florida 33301

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (833)658-1799

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share BGXX Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information set forth in Item 1.03 below with respect to the amended Restructuring Support Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.

The
Company in its restructuring efforts has entered into an agreement with the DEA to immediately and voluntarily withdraw all Cannabis
related renewal applications. This agreement will allow for reinstatement once the Company is satisfied that there is commercial value,
and the federal government clarifies a path that will stabilize operations for medical research and possible drug development.

Item
1.03 Bankruptcy or Receivership.

As
previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 28, 2025, on January 27, 2025, Bright Green Corp.
(the Company) entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement (the RSA) with the Plan Sponsor, Lynn Stockwell,
the Companys majority shareholder, reflecting an agreement to implement a prepackaged restructuring of the Company through the
commencement of voluntary chapter 11 cases under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code)
with a prepackaged chapter 11 plan (the Prepackaged Plan).

On
February 24, 2025, the Company amended the RSA with Ms. Stockwell. As amended, the RSA allows for a Prepackaged Plan that generally provides,
among other things, for (1) the funding of the Exit Facility (described below) by the Plan Sponsor; (2) the payment in full in cash of
all allowed administrative claims and allowed professional fee claims from the proceeds of the Exit Facility; (3) the roll-up of Ms.
Stockwells secured claim of $840,315 plus the value of the DMAA shares (described below) and their repayment pursuant to the terms
of the Exit Facility; and (4) the reorganization of the Company by (i) repaying holders of allowed general unsecured claims in the form
of 20% in cash from the mortgage of the Companys property plus 80% in stock that is held by Ms. Stockwell in Drugs Made In America
Acquisition Corp. (DMAA) , (ii) issuing common stock in the Company to the holders of common stock after a reverse split, and (iii) retiring,
cancelling, extinguishing and/or discharging the Companys outstanding warrants.

The
restructuring transaction contemplates that the Plan Sponsor will fund the Company $6,500,000 (the Exit Facility) for its
working capital needs, less any amount the Plan Sponsor may provide to the Company in the form of post-petition financing (the DIP
Facility), on the Effective Date and will permit the Company to retain any cash reflected on the Companys balance sheet
as of the Effective Date. The Company is currently anticipating that the DIP Facility will need to be in the amount of $200,000.

The
Plan shall provide that the Plan Sponsors claim of $840,315 plus the value of the DMAA share shall be rolled into the Exit Facility.
The Exit Facility shall provide, among other terms of repayment, the ability for Ms. Stockwell to convert up to $4m into 10,000,000 shares
of Series A Convertible Voting Preferred Stock, at $0.40 per share, with a conversion rate of one preferred share to 16 common shares
of stock. The balance of the claim shall be held in the Exit Facility on the Effective Date and its repayment shall be secured pursuant
to the terms of the Exit Facility Loan Agreement.

Further
under the Agreement, the Company anticipates changing its name to Drugs Made In America Corp. The new management and Board of Directors
for Drugs Made in America Corp. will be expected to have the necessary experience to manage controlled substance production, supply and
production contracts, the EB-5 program, franchise management SOPs and the drug supply chain. The Plan Sponsor will assume the role of
CEO and Executive Chair for a one-year period until the implementation is complete.

The
restructuring of the Company and subsequent name change, contemplates that, the Plan Sponsor will further organize and strengthen the
operations with a joint venture with at least one federal agency to undertake the research of all plant based controlled substances at
its Grants, New Mexico facility on a cost-plus basis. The Company further contemplates engaging by contract with 60 participant franchisees
to build, own and manage their own facilities capable of meeting the demand of plant based controlled substances API active pharmaceutical
ingredients under the Companys authorization. The Company also plans to list its common stock on the NASDAQ by curing the
share price deficiency and meeting all other requirements for listing.

2

As
contemplated by the RSA, on February 22, 2025 (the Petition Date), the Company filed a voluntary petition in the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Mexico (the Bankruptcy Court) for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code, thereby commencing the chapter 11 case (the Chapter 11 Case).

The
Company will continue to operate its business as debtor-in-possession under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The Company has sought approval of various customary
first-day motions from the Bankruptcy Court, including customary relief intended to enable the Company to continue its
ordinary course operations. The Debtors intend to implement the restructuring transactions contemplated by the amended RSA and the Prepackaged
Plan during the Chapter 11 Case. The Company also plans to file a motion on the disputed claimed by John Fikany in connection with an
ongoing lawsuit against the Company in New Mexico.

The
Company must obtain votes accepting the Prepackaged Plan from two-thirds of holders of general unsecured creditors in the Chapter 11
Case.

The
Prepackaged Plan also contemplates a Reverse Split of all outstanding common stock at a ratio of 50-1. The holders of our
outstanding common stock shall then receive the number of new common stock after accounting for the Reverse Split without any dilution
to their holdings.

The
foregoing description of the amended RSA and the transactions and documents contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the amended RSA, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

On
February 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Company had filed a petition to initiate the Chapter 11 Case.
A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary
Information Regarding Trading in the Companys Securities.

The
Companys securityholders are cautioned that trading in the Companys securities during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Case
is highly speculative and poses substantial risks. Trading prices for the Companys securities may bear little or no relationship
to the actual recovery, if any, by holders thereof in the Companys Chapter 11 Case, and the effectiveness of the Prepackaged Plan
is subject to numerous conditions, including approval by the Bankruptcy Court.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, which are based on the Companys current expectations, estimates,
and projections about the businesses and prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as managements beliefs, and certain
assumptions made by management. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans,
believes, seeks, estimates, may, should, will and
variations of these words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements speak only as of the date hereof and are
subject to change. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult
to predict.

3

Forward-looking
statements discuss, among other matters: the Companys strategy risks and uncertainties associated with the Chapter 11 Case
the negative impacts on the Companys businesses as a result of filing for and operating under Chapter 11 protection the
time, terms and ability to confirm a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization for the Companys businesses the adequacy of the capital
resources of the Companys businesses and the difficulty in forecasting the liquidity requirements of the operations of its businesses
the unpredictability of the Companys financial results while in Chapter 11 proceedings the Companys ability to discharge
claims in Chapter 11 proceedings negotiations with its trade creditors and other significant creditors risks and uncertainties
with performing under the terms of the Restructuring Support Agreement and any other arrangement with creditors while in Chapter 11 proceedings
the Companys ability to conduct business as usual in the United States and worldwide the Companys ability to continue
to serve customers, suppliers and other business partners at the high level of service and performance they have come to expect from
the Company the Companys ability to continue to pay suppliers and vendors the ability to control costs during the
Chapter 11 Case the risk that the Companys Chapter 11 Case may be converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy
Code the Companys ability to secure operating capital the Companys ability to take advantage of opportunities
to acquire assets with upside potential the Companys ability to execute on its strategic plan to pursue, evaluate and close
a restructuring pursuant to the Prepackaged Plan or another plan of reorganization the Companys long-term outlook
the Companys preparation for future market conditions and any statements or assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult
to predict. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors.

Important
factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the decisions of the Bankruptcy Court negotiations with
the Companys creditors and any committee approved by the Bankruptcy Court the Companys ability to meet the requirements,
and compliance with the terms, including restrictive covenants, of the Restructuring Support Agreement and any other financial arrangement
while in Chapter 11 proceedings changes in the Companys cash needs as compared to its historical operations or its planned
reductions in operating expense adverse litigation changes in domestic and international demand for the Companys products
the Companys ability to control operating costs and other expenses that general economic conditions may be worse than expected
that competition may increase significantly changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting the Companys
current business operations and, as well as those risks and uncertainties disclosed under the sections entitled Risk Factors
and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Companys
Form10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 16, 2024,
and similar disclosures in subsequent reports filed with the SEC.

SECTION
9 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Amended Restructuring Support Agreement, dated February 24, 2025

99.1 Press Release, dated February 24, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Bright
Green Corporation 

/s/
Lynn Stockwell 

Lynn
Stockwell 

CEO
and Director 

Date
February 27, 2025

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

AMENDED
AND RETATED RESTRUCTURNG SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This
Amended and Restated Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2025,(as the same may be amended, modified or extended,
and including the exhibits hereto, the Agreement or RSA) is entered into by and among Bright Green Corporation
(the Company) and Lynn Stockwell, in her capacity as the Pre-Petition Lender and Plan Sponsor (Stockwell
and, with the Debtor, the Parties). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed
to such terms in the Plan (as hereinafter defined).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
considering the Companys financial condition and payment obligations, the Company has determined to commence a voluntary reorganization
case (the Chapter 11 Case) under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq. (as amended, the
Bankruptcy Code), in the United States Bankruptcy Court for Southern District of Florida (the Bankruptcy Court)
to effectuate a chapter I l restructuring (the RestructuringTransaction), which shall be implemented pursuant to the Plan;

WHEREAS,
background and reference, the Company was incorporated in Delaware in April of 2019 and developed and implemented a business plan
in October 2019. The Company listed on the NASDAQ in May 2022 under the symbol BGXX. The Sponsor and Company agree that all information
used in this Restructuring Security Agreement will reference as fact the information obtained from the Companys Security and Exchange
Commission filings including the S-1 and amendments, financials, appointments and all pertinent information for the public financial
markets and notice to shareholders;

WHEREAS,
on or about January 27, 2025, the Parties entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement, and this Agreement is an amendment and restatement
of that original Restructuring Support Agreement;

WHEREAS,
the Plan Sponsor, Lynn Stockwell was the founder of the Company and majority shareholder, as of April of 2019 (see articles
of incorporation, Delaware attached). Lynn Stockwell has supported the Company financially and on numerous occasions over the
last 4 years extended loans and subsequently exchanged cash for equity and because of those exchanges, bolstered the Companys
balance sheet. Lynn Stockwell was only a director, and because of her majority interests she was removed from the decision-making process
of the Company. This RSA, once filed with the court, shall allow Lynn Stockwell the right to direct the Company and maintain the public
company filings and reporting in addition management of all employees, and all Company interests. Importantly, allowing the Sponsor the
right to protect all assets currently in jeopardy of harm without payments for security of the property;

WHEREAS,
Lynn Stockwell as the Plan Sponsor seeks to pay all creditors in full by a combination of cash and New Equity Interests in Drugs
Made In America Acquisition Corp., a NASDAQ listed company (DMAA) trading at an average of $10.00 and to ensure that the current Equity
Share Holders of the Company shall not be impaired in the Reorganized Debtor;

WHEREAS,
the Sponsor believes its in the best interest of the Company to demonstrate the feasibility of the Restructuring Plan, (i)
by having the court determine any and all outstanding issue concerning the ongoing lawsuit (ii) considering the current need for cash,
allowing the Sponsor to inject capital immediately to protect the property as employees that monitor the security and the security company
that monitors alarms have not been paid;

WHEREAS,
Lynn Stockwell believes that the Company has a decisive role as a supplier of controlled substances to the pharmaceutical industry
in the planned onshoring of the API for drug manufacturing back in the U.S. The overview and positioning are further described in this
RSA;

WHEREAS,
Lynn Stockwell Restructuring Plan will provide cash and new equity to pay in full creditor claims, without diluting the current shareholders
of the Company. The current shareholders are unimpaired in the restructuring and their holding in this Company shall remain the same.

WHEREAS,
the Company is obligated to Stockwell for a Pre-Petition Lender Claim in the amount of $840,315 secured by Company assets;

WHEREAS,
the Company granted Stockwell with shareholder approval on November 15, 2024 annual meeting the right to convert the funds advanced
under a Pre-Petition Secured Note, up to $4 million, to Series A Preferred Stock in the Company if the Company did not repay the amounts
advanced under the Pre-Petition Secured Note by December 31, 2024. The Pre-Petition Secured Note, however, was not funded;

WHEREAS,
the Debtor and Stockwell have agreed that the Debtor will undergo the Restructuring Transaction in accordance with, and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, consistent in all respects with a Prepackaged Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of
Bright Green Corporation (such plan, together with all exhibits, schedules and attachments thereto, as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Plan), which will generally provide, among
other things, for (1) the funding of the Exit Facility (defined below) by Stockwell; (2) the payment in full in cash of all Allowed Administrative
Claims and Allowed Professional Fee Claims from the proceeds of the Exit Facility; (3) the roll-up of the Pre-Petition Lender Claim of
$840,315 owing to Stockwell, as well as the value of the DMAA shares (described below) into the Exit Facility and its repayment pursuant
to the terms of the Exit Facility Loan Documents; and (4) the reorganization of the Debtor by (i) repaying Holders of 2 separate Classes
of Allowed Unsecured Claims in the form of 20% in cash plus 80% in New Common Equity Interests in Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp,
a NASDAQ listed company (DMAA) provided by the Sponsor as new equity, (ii) issuing Common Equity Interests in the Reorganized Debtor
to the Holders of Common Equity Interests in exchange for their Common Equity Interests in connection with the upcoming Reverse Split,
and (iii) retiring, cancelling, extinguishing and/or discharging the Debtors Warrants and all other adverse contracts if any;

WHEREAS,
the Restructured Company anticipates changing its name from Bright Green Corporation (the Company) to Drugs Made In
America Corp. The new management and Board of Directors for Drugs Made in America Corp. will have the necessary experience to manage
controlled substance production, supply and production contracts, the EB-5 program, franchise management SOPs and the drug supply chain.
Stockwell will assume the role of CEO and Executive Chair for a one year period or until the implementation is complete.

WHEREAS,
the Restructuring of Bright Green Corporation (the Company) and subsequent name change, contemplates that, Stockwell
will further organize and strengthen the (the Company with (1) listing the reorganized Debtor back on the NASDAQ by curing
the only deficiency, the share price, (2) a joint venture with at least one federal agency to undertake the research of all plant based
controlled substances at its Grants, New Mexico facility on a cost-plus basis, and (3) the Company further contemplates engaging by contract
with 60 participant owner/operator franchisees to build, own and manage their own facilities capable of meeting the demand of plant-based
controlled substances API active pharmaceutical ingredients under the companys authorization and controlled substances
licensing and registration.

2

WHEREAS,
anticipating supplying by contract the capacity to displace the current imports for pharmaceutical drug production alleviating the
United States National Security Risk of supply shortages, and unpredictability risking the supply chain by disruption. Contemplating
onboarding the API back to the U.S. with federal supply and production contracts ensuring profitability and scale for the Company and
its franchisees.

WHEREAS,
the outsourcing of the API supply to the owner/operators franchisees under strict controls of the newly named and reorganized company
Drugs Made in America Corp with DEA and FDA licensing and registrations for controlled substances. The Company will not require further
Capex funding and plans to up list its common stock back on the NASDAQ Exchange as the premier producer of plant based controlled substances
supplying the U.S. API pharmaceutical industry.

WHEREAS,
Groovy Singh from Peak Visory Consulting Company and past CEO of the company will be appointed to manage the subsidiary Bright Green
Regional Center LLC and its EB-5 program along with its partners in Singapore. The EB-5 program has been set up to include estimate the
jobs for the construction activity related to the new construction of the owner/operator Franchisees new building and construction
facilities for the controlled substance production and supply agreements along with the updates to the Grants, New Mexico facility for
federal research activity.

WHEREAS,
the restructured Company anticipates revenue from contracts to supply API to the pharmaceutical drug manufactures in the U. S. for
the Drugs Made In America initiative. The production of the API will be from the Companys franchisees farming
operations by cost plus contracts. The EB-5 program will update the USCIS with the jobs created by the owner/operators franchisee new
construction that will last at least several years and in addition adding long term jobs from the new operations. The revenue from the
EB-5 applicants will be paid to the Bright Green Regional Center for an equity position in the Restructured Bright Green Corporation
(the Company).

WHEREAS,
once the USCIS conditions are verified, the approved applicant will receive unrestricted shares that can be sold to offset their
cost of the EB-5, (Form 1-526) which is the initial application filed by an individual seeking an EB-5 visa, also known as the Employment-Based
Fifth Preference visa, to immigrate to the United States through investment in a new commercial enterprise; essentially, its
the first step to demonstrate that the applicant meets the requirements to invest the necessary capital in an EB-5 project and create
jobs in the U.S. to qualify for a green card. The investment set by USCIS is $800,000 plus cost.

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Plan, and consistent with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on November 15th,2024. The Proxy Statement
Information SCHEDULE 14A was filed with the SECURITY AND EXCHANGE Commission. The Record Date and Notice to Shareholders was October
4th, 2024. Lynn Stockwell, in her capacity as the Pre-Petition Lender and Plan Sponsor recognizes that the shareholders voted
in favor of restructuring the Company and that plan shall survive after the Restructuring Plan.

WHEREAS,
the Restructuring Transaction contemplates that, Stockwell will fund the Reorganized Debtor up to $6,500,000 (the Exit Facility)
less any amount Stockwell may provide to the Company in the form of post-petition financing (the DIP Facility) on the Effective
Date and will permit the Debtor to retain any cash reflected on the Debtors balance sheet as of the Effective Date;

3

WHEREAS,
in furtherance of the Restructuring Transaction, Stockwell has consented to entry of Cash Collateral/DIP Orders (as defined below)
and to the extension of the DIP Facility by Stockwell, on substantially the terms set forth in Section 3 (the Interim Cash Collateral/DIP
Order);

WHEREAS,
Stockwell will provide the Exit Facility to the Debtor on the Effective Date of the Plan, and such amounts (together with the remaining
cash) and (New Security Interests from DMAA) will be distributed in accordance with the Plan and in addition used by the
Reorganized Debtor to fund its working capital needs;

WHEREAS,
this Agreement, including the Plan, (a} is the product of arms -length, good faith negotiations among the Parties and their
respective counsel, and (b} sets forth the material terms and conditions of the Restructuring Transaction; and

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire to express to each other their mutual support and commitment in respect of the matters discussed herein;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.

In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere herein, for purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified
in this Section 1 when used herein:

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the preamble.

Alternative
Transaction shall mean any reorganization, merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, business combination, joint venture,
partnership, sale of a material portion of assets, financing (whether debt, including any debtor-in-possession financing other than funded
from Stockwell or her designee, or equity), recapitalization, workout, liquidation or restructuring of the Company (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, a transaction premised on a chapter 1 1 plan or a sale of all or any material portion of assets under section 363
of the Bankruptcy Code), other than the Restructuring Transaction.

Bankruptcy
Code shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals.

Bankruptcy
Court shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals.

Bankruptcy
Rules means (i) the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure and the Official Bankruptcy Forms, as amended and promulgated under
section 2075 of title 28 of the United States Code, (ii) the Local Rules of Bankruptcy Practice and Procedure of the Bankruptcy Court,
and (iii) any general or chamber rules, or standing orders governing practice and procedure issued by the Bankruptcy Court, each as in
effect on the Petition Date, and each of the foregoing together with all amendments and modifications thereto that are subsequently made
and as applicable to the Chapter 1 1 Case or proceedings therein, as the case may be.

Cash
Collateral means the Cash the Debtor holds as of the Petition Date and, subject to Court approval, will be used to fund the Chapter
I l Case.

4

Cash
Collateral/DIP Orders means the interim and final orders entered by the Bankruptcy Court (i) authorizing the Debtor to use Cash
Collateral, (ii) approving the DIP Facility, (iii) granting adequate protection to Stockwell, and (iii) granting related relief.

Challenge
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Cash Collateral/DIP Orders.

Chapter
11 Case shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals.

Collateral
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals.

Common
Equity Interests shall mean the common stock issued and outstanding by the Company, totaling 191,166,318 shares, as may be reduced
following the Reverse Split in proportion to the ratio used.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the preamble.

Company
Termination Event shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5(a) hereof.

Definitive
Documents means the (a) Plan and the Disclosure Statement, (b) the Confirmation Order, (c) this Agreement (d) the RSA Motion and
the RSA Order, (e) the Cash Collateral/DIP Orders, the related motions and the documentation evidencing, or otherwise entered into in
connection with, the Cash Collateral, and (f) any other documents or exhibits related to or contemplated in the foregoing clauses (a)
through (e), in each case in form and substance acceptable to the Company and Stockwell.

DIP
Facility means the post-petition loan or loans made by Stockwell to the Debtor pursuant to the Cash Collateral/DIP Order, which
amounts shall reduce the amount available for the Exit Facility.

EB-5
program means the USCIS jobs creation program.

Exit
Facility means $6,500,000 less the amount of the DIP Facility, which shall be extended pursuant to the terms of the Exit Facility
Loan Documents.

Exit
Facility Loan Documents refer to the loans documents, in a form acceptable to Stockwell, which shall evidence the terms and conditions
for the extension of the Exit Facility by Stockwell and the repayment of the Exit Facility by the Company. The Exit Facility Loan Documents
shall contain a provision that allows Stockwell to convert up to $4,000,000 of the Exit Facility at $0.40 per share into a total of 10,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, where each share of Series A Preferred Stock converts into sixteen (16) shares of common stock.

Milestones
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6(c)(iii) hereof.

New
Common Equity Interests shall mean the common stock of (DMAA) held by Stockwell that shall be issued as part of
the Restructuring Transaction under the Plan.

Outside
Date shall mean the date that is sixty (60) days after the Petition Date.

Parties
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the preamble.

5

Petition
Date shall mean the date of commencement of Chapter 11 Case. 

Plan
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals.

Pre-Petition
Lender Claim shall mean secured debt of $840,315.

Reverse
Split shall mean that the Company will reverse split the common shares issued and outstanding on the petition date or soon as
possible thereafter by a ratio of 50-1 to increase the share price and meet the NASDAQ Minimum Listing Requirements.

Restructuring
Support Period shall mean the period commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement and ending on the earlier of (i) the
Effective Date of the Plan and (ii) the date on which the Agreement is terminated according to its terms.

Restructuring
Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Recitals.

RSA
Motion means a motion of the Debtor seeking authorization from the Bankruptcy Court to assume this Agreement.

RSA
Order means a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing the Company to assume this Agreement.

Solicitation
means any solicitation of votes for the Plan pursuant to sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, whether such Solicitation occurs
prior to or after the Petition Date.

Stockwell
Termination Event shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5(c) hereof.

support
or support, and not object shall mean to affirmatively support and to use commercially reasonable efforts and take all
reasonable, necessary and appropriate actions or commercially reasonable actions requested by the Company or Stockwell, as applicable,
in furtherance of, and to not take any action to hinder, delay or impede, the action to be taken, or the relief sought; provided, however,
there shall be no obligation to incur (or suffer) any costs or expenses with respect to the same unless specifically agreed to in writing
by the party that would incur such costs and expenses.

Termination
Event means, individually or collectively, a Company Termination Event or Stockwell Termination Event.

Warrants
means the warrants to purchase Common Equity Interests that were sold by the Company during its September 2022 private placement, May
2023 private placement, and September 2023 private placement.

6

2. The
Plan.

The
Plan shall set forth the material terms and conditions of the Restructuring Transaction, which shall include the following:

a) Holders
of Allowed Administrative Claims against the Company shall be paid in full on the Effective Date, or whenever the Administrative Claim
becomes Allowed, whichever is later. Payments to Holders of Allowed Administrative Claims shall be paid from the Exit Facility.

b) Holders
of Allowed Professional Fee Claims against the Company shall be paid in full on the Effective Date, or whenever the Professional Fee
Claim becomes Allowed, whichever is later. Payments to Holders of Allowed Professional Fee Claims shall be paid from the Exit Facility.

c) The
Company shall mortgage its own property to pay 20% of the unsecured claims and Stockwell shall use her stock in DMAA to pay the remaining
80% of the unsecured claims.

d) The
Plan shall provide that the Pre-Petition Lender Claim is Allowed in the amount of $840,315. That amount plus the value of the DMAA stock
that Stockwell will transfer to the unsecured creditors shall be rolled into the Exit Facility on the Effective Date and its repayment
shall be secured pursuant to the terms of the Exit Facility Loan agreement. For greater certainty, the amount mortgaged by the Company
to pay 20% of the unsecured claims shall not be included in the Exit Facility.

e) The
Plan shall provide that the Allowed DIP Facility Claim shall be rolled into the Exit Facility on the Effective Date and its repayment
shall be secured pursuant to the terms of the Exit Facility Loan Agreement.

f) Holders
of Allowed General Unsecured Claims against the Company shall receive 100% payment through distributions on the Effective Date of the
Plan, or whenever the General Unsecured Claim becomes Allowed, whichever is later, equal to (1) 20% of the value of the Allowed General
Unsecured Claim in cash, which shall be funded by the Companys mortgage on its own property, plus (2) 80% of the value of the
Allowed General Unsecured Claim in the form of New Common Equity Interests from DMAA shares. The value of each share of
the New Common Equity Interests shall be supported by a valuation analysis completed by an expert Dotty Scott LLC. supporting the DMAA
share price of $10.00.

g) Prior
to the Petition Date, the Company shall solicit votes on the Plan from holders of General Unsecured Claims in accordance with sections
1125(g) and 1126(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. A schedule of the Companys General Unsecured Claims is attached hereto as Exhibit
B. The Company must obtain votes accepting the Plan from two-thirds of holders of General Unsecured Creditors and that represent
half of the amount of the total General Unsecured Claim pool.

h) The
Plan shall estimate the General Unsecured Claim of John Fikany at $1,500,000. This claimed amount is disputed and shall be used for voting
purposes only. This $1,500,000 is the amount claimed owed in a lawsuit against the Company for a verbal employment agreement. The Debtor
shall file a motion seeking to determine the claim amount for confirmation. purposes pursuant to section 502(c) of the Bankruptcy Code.

i) The
Plan cancels any preferential transfer of new shares issued from treasury to all Common Equity Interest Holders, in the event there was
no new value or not in the ordinary course of business, or if the Company was insolvent. This includes any transfer of common
stock or the common stock value to John Fikany subsequent to his ongoing lawsuit in the New Mexico court or in the
last 365 days for any insiders, officers and directors pursuant to section 547 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Company asserts that Fikany
is not entitled to shares because he did not meet the contingency for a shovel ready project.

7

j) The
Plan shall affect the Reverse Split of all Common Equity Interest Holders at a ratio of 50-1.

k) The
Companys Common Equity Interests shall then receive the number of Common Equity Interests as such Holder held after the Reverse
Split. While Holders of Common Equity Interests will receive the adjusted number of shares of Common Equity Interests as a result
of the Reverse Split There shall be no dilution to the Common Equity Interests and the holders are unimpaired.

l) Holders
of General Unsecured Claims are paid in cash and common stock of DMAA an unrelated Sponsor corporation.

m) Holders
of Common Equity Interests will be deemed to accept the Plan, and their acceptance of the Plan will not be solicited.

n) The
Warrants shall be cancelled, and Holders of Warrants shall receive no distribution under the Plan.

Each
of the foregoing terms used but not defined in this section shall have a meaning acceptable to Stockwell. The Plan shall not be filed
without the prior written consent of Stockwell. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the Plan shall
govern. The Plan shall not be filed, amended, modified or supplemented without the prior written consent of Stockwell.

3. Cash
Collateral/DIP Facility. Stockwell shall extend the Facility in an amount sufficient
to fund the Debtors working capital and restructuring expenses during the Chapter
11 Case, which shall be secured by a first priority lien on the Collateral. The Company is
currently anticipating that the DIP Facility will need to be in the amount of $200,000. The
DIP Facility shall reduce the total amount available for borrowing under the Exit Facility.
On the Effective Date of the Plan, the DIP Facility shall be rolled into the Exit Facility
and repaid in accordance with the terms of the Exit Facility Loan Documents. The DIP Facility
shall be approved by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the Interim Cash Collateral/DIP Order
in a form approved by Stockwell.

4. Agreements
of the Company.

a) Support
of the Restructuring Transaction. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof,
the Company agrees that, for the duration of the Restructuring Support Period, it shall at
its sole cost and expense (other than as set forth below):

b) Solicitation
of creditors. The company shall share the RSA, Disclosure and Plan that comply with 1125(a)
solicitation in a prepackaged filing prior to filing. The notice period must be adequate
and comply with any applicable non bankruptcy law.

c) Plan
Confirmation. The Plan must garner the support of a majority in number and two-thirds
in amount of claims in each class of impaired creditors 1126(c), 1129(a)(8), Bankruptcy Code.
The Company must send notice by email twice and FedEx once with this RSA, Plan and full disclosure
that will be used in the filing, in addition a press release and SEC 8K filing.

8

d) Ballot
collection. Once the company has at least one impaired class that has accepted the company
shall file.

i)
Support and take all commercially reasonable actions necessary, or requested by Stockwell, to obtain entry of, the RSA Order and implement
and consummate the Restructuring Transaction in a timely manner (including, but not limited to, obtaining and/or supporting, as the case
may be, the Bankruptcy Court s approval of the Definitive Documents, Solicitation of votes on and confirmation of the Plan and
the consummation of the Restructuring Transaction pursuant to the Plan) consistent with the terms of this Agreement and in accordance
with the Milestones set forth in Section 6(c)(v) hereof;

ii)
File the RSA Motion on the Petition Date;

iii)
File Schedules of Assets and Liabilities and Statement of Financial Affairs on the Petition Date or within the timeframe for filing such
documents permitted by the Bankruptcy Code;

iv)
File a motion seeking to establish bar dates on the Petition Date;

v) Use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an order from the Bankruptcy Court, which establishes a deadline no later than five (5) days
prior to the Confirmation Hearing to file proofs of claim on account of General Unsecured Claims;

vi) File
a motion to estimate the General Unsecured Claim of John Fikany for confirmation purposes on the Petition Date;

vii) File
a motion to determine any other amounts if any, claimed by John Fikany because of the ongoing lawsuit against the Company.

viii) Provide
draft copies of all motions, orders, procedures, agreements and other documents the Company intends to file with the Bankruptcy Court
related to the Restructuring Transaction to Stockwell as soon as reasonably practicable in advance of (and, except in the case of an
emergency filing, at least two calendar days prior to) the Companys intended filing any substantive motion, order, procedure,
agreement or other document and consult in advance in good faith with Stockwell regarding the form and substance of any such proposed
substantive filings with the Bankruptcy Court; provided that in the event that it is not possible to provide two (2) calendar days
notice, the Debtor shall endeavor to provide Stockwell with at least one (l) calendar days notice;

ix) Timely
file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court by any party seeking the entry of an order (A) directing the appointment
of an examiner with expanded powers or a trustee, (B) converting the Chapter I I Case to case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code
or (C) dismissing the Chapter 11 Case;

9

x) Timely
file a formal objection to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court by any party seeking the entry of an order modifying or terminating
the Companys exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptance of a plan of reorganization;

xi) Provide
to Stockwell, (a) full access to the advisors and employees of the Company with respect to the Restructuring Transaction, (b) all information
with respect to all material executory contracts and unexpired leases of the Company, and (c) full access to any other information reasonably
requested by Stockwell;

xii) Use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all governmental, regulatory, licensing or other approvals (if any) necessary to the
implementation or consummation of the Restructuring Transaction or the approval by the Bankruptcy Court of the Definitive Documents;
and

xiii) Promptly
notify Stockwell (and in any event within two (2) Business Days after obtaining actual knowledge thereof) of (A) any pending, existing,
instituted or threatened lawsuit that is material to the Company; (B) any breach by the Company in any respect of any of its obligations,
representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this Agreement or the other Definitive Documents; (C) the happening or existence
of any event that the Company s board of directors or similar governing body of the Company determines, in good faith and based
upon advice of legal counsel, is likely to make any of the conditions precedent set forth in (orto be set forth in) any of the Definitive
Documents incapable of being satisfied prior to the Outside Date; and (D) the occurrence of any Termination Event;

b) Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, the Company agrees that, for the duration of the Restructuring Support Period, it shall
not, directly or indirectly, do or permit to occur any of the following:

i) Seek,
support, encourage, propose, assist, consent to, file, or vote for, or enter or participate in any discussions or any agreement with
any Person regarding, directly or indirectly, any Alternative Transaction; subject to Section 9 hereof;

ii) Seek,
support, encourage, propose, assist, consent to, or enter into any agreement with any Person regarding, directly or indirectly, a Challenge;

iii) Oppose,
delay, impede, or take any other action that is materially inconsistent with this Agreement, the Restructuring Transaction or any of
the Definitive Documents, or that would, or would reasonably be expected to, prevent, interfere with, delay or impede the implementation,
solicitation, confirmation, or consummation of the Restructuring Transaction (including, but not limited to, the Bankruptcy Courts
approval of the Definitive Documents (if applicable), the Solicitation, and confirmation of the Plan);

10

iii) Execute,
deliver and/or file any Definitive Document (including any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver to, any Definitive
Document) that, in whole or in part, is not consistent in all material respects with this Agreement or is not otherwise reasonably acceptable
to Stockwell, or file any pleading seeking authorization to accomplish or effect any of the foregoing;

iv) Enter
into any commitment or agreement with respect to debtor-in possession financing, cash collateral usage, exit financing and/or other financing
arrangements, other than with Stockwell or her designee or otherwise without the consent of Stockwell;

v) Abandon,
sell, assign, or grant a security interest in, any property owned by the Company, except in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

vi) In
the future, take any action, or as to insiders, permit any action, that would result in an ownership change as such term
is used in section 382 of title 26 of the United States Code;

vii) Issue,
sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any additional shares of, or any options, warrants, conversion privileges or rights of any kind
to acquire any shares of, any of its equity interests, including, without limitation, capital stock or limited liability company interests;

viii) Split,
combine or reclassify any outstanding shares of its capital stock or other equity interests, or declare, set aside or pay any dividend
or other distribution payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise with respect to any of its equity interests;

ix) Redeem,
purchase or acquire or offer to acquire any of its equity interests, including, without limitation, capital stock or limited liability
company interests;

x) Acquire
or divest (by merger, exchange, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise) (A) any corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture or other business organization or division or (B) assets of the Company;

xi) File
any motion, without the consent of Stockwell, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed (a) authorizing or directing
the assumption or rejection of an executory contract or unexpired lease, or (b) authorizing the settlement of any claim or controversy
that would be inconsistent with the Plan or would reduce the value of the Company or the reorganized Company in the reasonable opinion
of Stockwell;

11

xii) Cause
or permit to occur the sale, disposal or other transfer of the Debtors material assets or take any action in support of, or to
cause, any of the foregoing, in each case without the express written consent of Stockwell in her sole discretion; or

xiii) Take
any action that would result (or that with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would result) in a Termination Event.

c) Automatic
Stay . The Company acknowledges and agrees and shall not dispute that the giving of notice of termination by any Party pursuant to
this Agreement shall not be a violation of the automatic stay of section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code (and the Company hereby waives, to
the greatest extent possible, the applicability of the automatic stay to the giving of such notice).

d) Certain
Conditions. The obligations of the Company set forth in Sections 4(a), 4(b) and 4(c) above are subject to the following conditions:

i) this
Agreement shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 1 hereof; and

ii) this
Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with the terms of Section 6 hereof.

5. Agreement
of Stockwell.

a) Support
of Restructuring Transaction. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Stockwell agrees to comply with the following
covenants and that, for the duration of the Restructuring Support Period, she shall:

i) Support
and take all actions necessary or reasonably requested by the Company to facilitate the implementation and consummation of the Restructuring
Transaction in a timely manner, including without limitation supporting approval of the Cash Collateral/DIP Orders, the filing of the
Plan, an accompanying Disclosure Statement and all other Definitive Documents required to be filed in connection with the Solicitation
of votes on, and confirmation of, the Plan; provided that nothing herein shall impose on Stockwell any requirement to agree to a) extend
the Termination Date, or b) increase the DP Facility or Exit Facility, or c) waive or modify any material condition or provision of this
Agreement, or any Definitive Document.

12

ii)
(A) To the extent permitted by sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, (I) timely vote, or cause to be voted, all of the
Claims held by Stockwell which are in classes entitled to vote by timely delivering her duly executed and completed ballot(s)
accepting the Plan following commencement of the Solicitation and (ll) not opt out of, or object to, any releases or
exculpations provided under the Plan, including without limitation any third party releases (and, to the extent required by the
ballot, affirmatively opt in to such releases and exculpations), and (B) not change, withdraw or revoke such
vote (or cause or direct such vote to be changed, withdrawn or revoked); and

iii) Timely
vote or cause to be voted her Pre-Petition Lender Claim and Common Equity Interests against any Alternative Transaction.

b) Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Stockwell agrees to comply with the following covenants and that, for the duration of
the Restructuring Support Period, she shall not, directly or indirectly:

i) Seek,
support, encourage, propose, assist, consent to, file, or vote for, or enter or participate in any discussions or any agreement with
any Person regarding, directly or indirectly, any Alternative Transaction;

ii) seek,
support, encourage, propose, assist, consent to, or enter into any agreement with any Person regarding, directly or indirectly, a Challenge.

iii)
Oppose, delay, impede, or take any other action that is materially inconsistent with this Agreement or any of the Definitive Documents,
or that would, or would reasonably be expected to, prevent, interfere with, delay or impede the implementation, solicitation, confirmation,
or consummation of the Restructuring Transaction (including, but not limited to, the Bankruptcy Courts approval of the Definitive
Documents (if applicable}, Solicitation, and confirmation of the Plan);

iv)
Take any action that would result (or that with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would result) in a Termination
Event.

c) Certain
Conditions. The obligations of Stockwell set forth in Section 5(a) and (b) above are subject to the following conditions:

i) this
Agreement shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 1 hereof; and

ii) this
Agreement shall not have been terminated in accordance with the terms of Section 6 hereof.

13

6. Termination
of Agreement.

a) Company
Termination Events. The Company may terminate this Agreement only upon the occurrence, and during the continuation of, any of the
following events (the Company Termination Events):

i)Stockwells material breach of any agreements, covenants, representations, or warranties in this Agreement;

ii)Pursuantto Section 9, the Companys board of directors determines in good faith that continued performance under this Agreement would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law;

iii)the Bankruptcy Court grants relief that is materially inconsistent with this Agreement or would reasonably be expected to materially frustrate the purpose of this Agreement;

iv) Stockwell
files for approval of or otherwise supports any Alternative Transaction or other transaction that is inconsistent with the Plan or the
Restructuring Transaction;

v) any
of the orders approving usage of the Cash Collateral or the DIP Facility, the Plan, or the Disclosure Statement are reversed, stayed,
dismissed, vacated, reconsidered, modified, or amended without the consent of the Company; and

vi) the
Bankruptcy Courts approval of any Alternative Transaction or other transaction that is inconsistent with the Plan or the Restructuring
Transaction.

b) Stockwell
Termination Events. Stockwell may terminate this Agreement, including her commitment to provide the DIP Facility and Exit Facility
at any time after the occurrence, and during the continuation of, any of the following events (the Stockwell Termination Events):

i)Debtors material breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement;

ii)Debtor takes any action, or as to insiders, permits any action, that would result in an ownership change as such term is used in section 382 of title 26 of the United States Code; provided, however, that nothing herein shall constitute or be deemed to be a representation or warranty that an ownership change has not occurred as of the date hereof;

iii)Debtor fails to obtain votes prior to the Petition Date accepting the Plan from two-thirds of holders of General Unsecured Creditors, representing half of the amount of the total General Unsecured Claim pool;

iv)The Bankruptcy Court estimates Mr. Fikanys claims in an amount that would result in holders of General Unsecured Claims rejecting the Plan if Mr. Fikany were to reject the Plan;

v)Debtor fails to comply with, satisfy, or achieve any case milestones attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Milestones) or the occurrence of an event of termination under the Cash Collateral/DIP Order;

14

vi)Debtor fails to provide Stockwell and her agents with reasonable access to Debtors books, records, and management through the Effective Date;

vii)any of the Debtors material assets are sold, assigned, licensed, pledged, collaterally assigned or otherwise transferred, or the Debtor takes any action in support of, orto cause, any of the foregoing, in each case without the written consent of Stockwell in her sole discretion.

viii)Debtor files any pleading to secure post-petition financing from any party other than Stockwell, including financing that provides for super priority claims or priming liens on any Collateral without her consent in writing in its sole and absolute discretion;

ix)any of the Definitive Documents filed in the Chapter 11 Case contain terms and conditions materially inconsistent with this Agreement or the Restructuring Transaction, except as may be permitted in writing by Stockwell;

x)conversion of the Chapter I I Case to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, appointment of a chapter 1 1 trustee, a responsible officer, or an examiner with enlarged powers (beyond those set forth in Section 06(a)(3)and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) relating to the operation of Debtor, or dismissal of the Chapter 11 Case;

xi)the Bankruptcy Court grants relief that would reasonably be expected to materially frustrate the purpose of this Agreement, except as may be permitted in writing by Stockwell;

xii)Debtor files for approval of or otherwise supports any Alternative Transaction or other transaction that is inconsistent with the Plan or the Restructuring Transaction;

xiii)the Cash Collateral/DIP Order or any of the orders approving the Plan, or the Disclosure Statement are reversed, stayed, dismissed, vacated, reconsidered, modified, or amended without the consent of Stockwell; and

xiv)the Bankruptcy Courts approval of an Alternative Transaction or other transaction that is inconsistent with the terms of the Restructuring Transaction.

c) Mutual
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by mutual written agreement among all of the Parties hereto.

d) Termination
Upon Effective Date. This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the Effective Date of the Plan.

15

e) Effect
of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 6, subject to Sections 9 and 16 below, each of
the Parties shall be immediately released from their respective obligations, commitments, undertakings and agreements under or related
to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and remedies available to it under applicable law; provided, however, that in
no event shall any termination relieve any of the Parties from liability for their respective breach or non-performance of their respective
obligations hereunder prior to the date of such termination; provided, further, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
to limit or restrict any action by any of the Parties to enforce any right, remedy, condition, consent, or approval requirement under
any Definitive Document. In the event of a termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Section 6, the Parties agree to consent
to the withdrawal and termination of the Plan.

7. Good
Faith Cooperation: Further Assurances: Acknowledgment: No Solicitation.

During
the Restructuring Support Period, the Parties shall cooperate with each other in good faith and shall coordinate their activities (to
the extent practicable and subject to the terms hereof) in respect of (a) all matters relating to their rights hereunder in respect of
the Company or otherwise in connection with their relationship with the Company, (b) all matters concerning the implementation of this
Agreement, and (c) the pursuit and support of the Restructuring Transaction (including confirmation of the Plan). Furthermore, subject
to the terms hereof, each of the Parties shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of
this Agreement, including making and filing any required governmental, regulatory, or licensing filings, and shall refrain from taking
any action that would frustrate the purposes and intent of this Agreement. This Agreement is not, and shall not be deemed, a Solicitation
for consents to the Plan. Except as otherwise permitted in accordance with sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, acceptances
of the Plan, if any, will not be solicited until the Disclosure Statement and related ballot(s), if any, have been approved by the Bankruptcy
Court.

8. Definitive
Documents.

During
the Restructuring Support Period, the Parties hereby covenant and agree (i) to negotiate in good faith the Definitive Documents and (ii)
to execute (to the extent such Party is a party thereto) and otherwise support the Definitive Documents. For the avoidance of doubt,
during the Restructuring Support Period, each Party agrees to (a) act in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to support
and complete successfully the implementation of the Definitive Documents and the Restructuring Transaction in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, and (b) do all things reasonably necessary and appropriate in furtherance of consummating the Restructuring Transaction
in accordance with, and within the time frames contemplated by, this Agreement.

16

9. Fiduciary
Duty: Alternative Transaction.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall require the Company or any directors or officers of the Company (in
such persons capacity as a director or officer of the Company) to take any action, or to refrain from taking any action, to the
extent required to comply with its or their fiduciary obligations under applicable law; provided that (i) the Company and its advisors
may not, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, or take any other action designed to facilitate, any inquiries
or the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any proposal for an Alternative Transaction;
provided, further, that the Company may respond to and participate in discussions with any third party that has made (and not
withdrawn) a bona fide, unsolicited proposal or inquiry that the Companys board of directors or similar governing body reasonably
determines, in good faith, that the failure to participate in such discussions would be inconsistent with such boards or governing
bodys fiduciary duties under applicable law; provided, further, that nothing in this Section 9 shall prevent the Company
from complying with any order of the Bankruptcy Court; (ii) the Company must provide notice to Stockwell of the existence of (but not
copies of) Companys material communications, no later than forty-eight (48) hours of the Companys first such communication
(or continuation of such communication), with any other party which expresses interest in an Alternative Transaction; and (iii) prior
to the Company terminating this Agreement to move forward with an Alternative Transaction, the Company shall provide Stockwell with at
least seventy-two (72) hours notice of the material terms and conditions of the proposed Alternative Transaction and its intent
to terminate this Agreement, during which time Stockwell shall have a right of first refusal to match such proposal or otherwise to seek
relief from the Bankruptcy Court. In the event Stockwell does not exercise her rights of first refusal as described above, the Company
otherwise seeks to invoke its fiduciary out or the Bankruptcy Court approves an Alternative Transaction, then Stockwell, in addition
to any and all rights that she has under the Cash Collateral/DIP Order or the Plan, shall be entitled to the immediate payment and/or
repayment from the proceeds of the closing of the Alternative Transaction of a termination/break-up fee in the amount of 3% of the Plan
Consideration, plus all amounts outstanding under the DIP Facility, and pending receipt of such payments, Stockwell shall have an Allowed
Claim pursuant to sections 503(b) and 507(a)(2), (b) of the Bankruptcy Code. For the avoidance of doubt, Stockwell does not waive her
right to repayment in full of her respective Claims and Equity Interests, including without limitation the Pre-Petition Lender Claim,
in the event of any Alternative Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, the Debtors termination of this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 9 shall constitute a Termination Event.

10. Representations
and Warranties.

a) As
applicable, each Party, represents and warrants to the other Party that the following statements are true, correct and complete as of
the date hereof:

i) in
the case of the Company, it is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, and, subject to entry of
the RSA Order, has all requisite corporate, limited liability company, partnership or similar authority to (1) enter into this Agreement,
(2) carry out the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and the Plan and (3) perform its obligations contemplated under this
Agreement and the Plan; and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the Company s obligations under
this Agreement and the Plan have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other similar
action on its part;

17

ii) subject
to entry of the RSA Order in the case of the Company, the execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement do not
and will not (l) violate any provision of law, rule or regulation applicable to it or any of its subsidiaries or its charter or bylaws
(or other similar governing documents) or those of any of its subsidiaries, (2) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with
due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contractual obligation to which it or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or (3) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation;

iii) subject
to entry of the RSA Order in the case of the Company, the execution, delivery and performance by such Party of this Agreement do not
and will not require any registration or filing with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action to, with or by, any Governmental
Authority, except such filings as may be necessary and/or required for disclosure by the Securities and Exchange Commission and in connection
with the Chapter 11 Case, the Plan and the Disclosure Statement; and

iv) subject
to entry of the RSA Order in the case of the Company, this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability or a ruling of the
Bankruptcy Court.

b) Stockwell
represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof, she has the financial wherewithal, ability and/or any necessary commitments to consummate
the Restructuring Transaction in accordance with the timeframes and deadlines set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited
to, the timely fulfillment of her obligations.

c) The
Company represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof, based on the facts and circumstances actually known by the Company, the
Companys entry into this Agreement is consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company and any directors or officers of the
Company under applicable law.

11. Effectiveness.

This
Agreement shall become effective upon the release and delivery of signature pages to counsel to the Parties hereto, duly executed by
each of the Parties. Delivery by telecopier or electronic mail of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement shall
be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart hereof.

12. Independent
Due Diligence and Decision Making.

Each
Party confirms that its decision to execute this Agreement has been based upon its independent investigation of the operations, businesses,
financial and other conditions and prospects of the Company. To the extent any materials or information have been furnished to it by
another Party, each Party acknowledges that it has been provided for informational purposes only, without any representation or warranty.

18

13. Notices.

All
notices hereunder shall be deemed given if in writing and delivered, if sent by facsimile, courier or by registered or certified mail
(return receipt requested) to the following addresses and facsimile numbers (or at such other addresses or facsimile numbers as shall
be specified by like

Notice

(a)

If
to the Company, at:

Bright
Green Corporation

Attention: Lynn Stockwell

401
E Las Olas Blvd #1400 Fort

Lauderdale,
FL 33301 Email:

lnfo@brightgreen.us copy Lynn

Stockwell:

Lynns@brightgreen.us

14. GOVERNING
LAW JURISDICTION WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

THIS
AGREEVENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF STATE OF FLORIDA, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICTS
OF LAW PROVISIONS WHICH WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. BY ITS EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT
EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION, SUIT, DISPUTE OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER, OUT
OF OR TN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREErvm4T SHALL BE BROUGHT TN THE FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE OR IN THE BANKRUPTCY
COURT (FOR SO LONG AS THECONWANY IS SUBJECT TO JURISDICTION OF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT) AND THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENT TO JURISDICTION
OF SUCH COURTS AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTIONS AS TO VENUE OR INCONVENIENT FORUM. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

15. Specific
Performance.

It
is understood and agreed by the Parties that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by any Party
and each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief (including attorneys
fees and costs) as a remedy for any such breach, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy, including
an order of the Bankruptcy Court requiring any Party to comply promptly with any of its obligations hereunder.

19

16. Survival.

Notwithstanding
the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the agreements and obligations of the Parties in this Section 16 and
in Sections 9(b), 13, 14 and 18-25 hereof shall survive such termination and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit
of the Parties in accordance with the terms hereof.

17. Headings.

The
headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation hereof.

18. Successors
and Assigns; Severability; Several Obligations.

This
Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators
and representatives. Nothing contained in this Section 18 shall be deemed to permit sales, assignments or transfers of Stockwell. claims
against or interests in the Company other than as otherwise provided in this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application
of any such provision to any person or circumstance, shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability
shall attach only to such provision or part thereof and the remaining part of such provision shall continue in full force and effect
so long as the economic or legal substance of the Restructuring Transaction contemplated hereby are not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any Party. Upon any such determination of invalidity, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the Restructuring Transaction
contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

19. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries.

Unless
expressly stated herein, this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, assigns, heirs,
executors, administrators and representatives, and no other Person shall be a third-party beneficiary hereof.

20. Prior
Negotiations; Entire Agreement.

This
Agreement (including the exhibits hereto and made a part hereof) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, written and oral, between the Parties with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby.

21. Amendments.

a)
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement may be amended only upon the prior written approval of Stockwell and the
Company.

20

b) No
waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, whether
or not similar, nor shall any waiver be deemed a continuing waiver. No modification or change to this Agreement or the applicable Definitive
Documents shall release any Party from obligations under this Agreement if such Definitive Documents remain substantially similar in
all economic and other respects to this Agreement and are not inconsistent with this Agreement, and if such modification or change does
not, or cannot reasonably be expected to, negatively impact the material economic recovery or other rights in any respect that such Party
will receive under such Definitive Documents.

22. Reservation
of Rights: No Admission.

Nothing
herein shall be deemed an admission of any kind with respect to any other proceeding. If the transactions contemplated herein are not
consummated, or this Agreement is terminated for any reason, the Parties fully reserve any and all of their rights. Pursuant to Rule
408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, any applicable state rules of evidence and any other applicable law, foreign or domestic, this
Agreement and all negotiations relating thereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce
its terms or in the

23. Representation
by Counsel.

Each
Party acknowledges that it has been represented by or provided a reasonable period of time to obtain access to and advice by, counsel
with this Agreement and the Restructuring Transaction contemplated herein. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would
provide any Party with a defense to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement against such Party based upon lack of legal counsel
shall have no application and is expressly waived.

24. Costs
and Expenses.

Except
as otherwise set forth herein, each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses of negotiating and preparing this Agreement and the Definitive
Documents.

25. Counterparts.

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different Parties hereto in separate counterparts and by facsimile or
other electronic transmission, with the same effect as if all Parties had signed the same document. All such counterparts shall be deemed
original, shall be construed together and shall constitute one and the same instrument.

21

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their authorized signatories as of the day and
year first above written.

Company: Dated February 24, 2025 

Bright Green Corporation 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

CEO 

RSA SPONSOR 

Name:
Lynn Stockwell
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Bright
Green Corporation Announces the completion of its restructuring plan, withdraws from the Cannabis business and sets course on the production
of all DEA Scheduled Controlled Substances

FORT
LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA, Feb. 24, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Bright Green Corporation (OTC: BGXX) (Bright Green or the Company)
announced that on February 24, 2025, on behalf of the Company, Lynn Stockwell has asked the court to approve the RSA Restructuring
Security Agreement. The highlights of the RSA will provide new equity for the company to pay all creditors with approved claims in full,
in addition the Company equity shareholders will retain their interests in the Company and are unimpaired with no dilution.

The
Company in its restructuring efforts has entered into an agreement with the DEA to immediately withdraw all Cannabis related renewal
applications. This agreement will allow for reinstatement once the Company is satisfied that there is commercial value, and the federal
government clarifies a path that will stabilize operations for medical research and possible drug development.

Lynn
Stockwell, the new Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company also sponsors and manages other public
corporations that are building a financial war chest to be used for acquisitions of revenue generating, well managed corporations for
the platform of onshoring controlled substance production, API and manufacturing back to the U.S.

Stockwell
said, the Company will not canvas equity and then jeopardize shareholder value by the uncertainty of the United States Cannabis
industry, currently this is not a business where normal banking is prohibited. I have reset the course for Bright Green to become the
first mover in the production of legal Controlled Substances for medical purpose establishing a reliable API supply chain

These
legal controlled substances have never been produced commercially in the United States. The critical supply is imported from countries
where diversion and quality controls are not a priority.

Lynn
Stockwell continues, this new federal administration is actively positioning Bright Green to participate in the production, drug
manufacturing and prescription drug delivery back to the United States. This creates an opportunity for Bright Green where the drugs
purchased in the United States has a total addressable market of hundreds of billions of dollars. With likely tariffs protecting this
new American industry and supply contracts the company will move forward to implement its planned owner/operator operations for a $3.5
billion dollar investment. The owner/operators will implement this capital to build new DEA and FDA compliant mega farms for the production
facilities to produce controlled substances that can supply quality API by contract for the MADE IN AMERICA supply chain. Each American
farmer owner/operator will have access to federal loan guarantees to support the new infrastructure that is expected to create thousands
of new jobs for the infrastructure construction while fostering the Companys EB-5 program with investment through legal immigration
for this new business. The Company will continue its exclusive partnership with Asia Capital Pioneer Group Inc to help support its EB-5
marketing efforts across Asia and the world.

Gurvinder
Singh will rejoin the Company as General Manager responsible for the EB-5 program administered by Bright Green Regional Center LLC and
help direct the Company forward.

The
Companys planned revenue is from contracts for production of controlled substances and EB-5 investment, the $800,000 investment
from applicants seeking a green card administered by the USCIS EB-5 program that could generate significant capital from qualified applicants
that seek entry into the United States through legal immigration.

The
Company believes that the timing for both revenue streams will create this opportunity and Bright Green Corporation will reset in a very
positive way immediately.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date they were first issued and
were based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management as of such
date. Words such as expect, anticipate, should, believe, hope,
target, project, goals, estimate, potential, predict,
may, will, might, could, intend, shall and variations
of these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond the Companys
control. Such forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, the ability of the Company to implement the Plan and raise
funds under the Companys EB-5 program, the impact that new officers, directors and employees may have on the Company and the Companys
business and results of operations. The Companys actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied

Source:

Bright
Green Corporation

401
E Las Olas Blvd #1400

Fort
Lauderdale, Florida 33301

(833)
658-1799

https://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/ti?nf=OTM4MzMyNSM2Nzc0ODk1IzUwMDEzMjk4MQ==

https://ml.globenewswire.com/media/MDNhNGQyN2MtMDA2OS00ZTcwLTk4ODMtOWZkOWRkMzcxYTdiLTUwMDEzMjk4MQ==/tiny/Bright-Green-Corporation.png

Source: Bright
Green Corporation

2025 GlobeNewswire,
Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bgxx-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bgxx-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bgxx-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41395

Entity Registrant Name Bright
Green Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001886799

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-4600841

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 401
E Las Olas Blvd #1400

Entity Address, City or Town Fort
Lauderdale

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33301

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 658-1799

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol BGXX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://brightgreen.us/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bgxx-20250224.xsd 
bgxx-20250224_lab.xml 
bgxx-20250224_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008512-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001886799 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001886799 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
Bright Green Corporation 
DE 
001-41395 
83-4600841 
401 E Las Olas Blvd #1400 
Fort Lauderdale 
FL 
33301 
(833) 
658-1799 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
BGXX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>