<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-023199.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-023199.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313064315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-023199
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				980081645
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11884
		FILM NUMBER:		25733787

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 CARIBBEAN WAY
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055396000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 CARIBBEAN WAY
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920424
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259050d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000088488700008848872025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
To Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): March 13, 2025

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

Republic of Liberia

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

1-11884 98-0081645

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

1050 Caribbean Way,

Miami, Florida 33132

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 305-539-6000

Not
Applicable 

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share RCL New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of
this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

On March 12, 2025, Royal
Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (the Company) entered into privately negotiated exchange agreements (the Exchange Agreements)
with a limited number of existing holders (the Noteholders) of its 6.000% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025
Notes), pursuant to which the Noteholders have agreed to exchange (the Exchange) approximately $200 million in aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding 2025 Notes for a combination of cash and shares of the Companys common stock (the Exchange
Consideration). The Exchange Consideration to be delivered by the Company to the Noteholders at the closing of the Exchange will
be determined based upon the volume-weighted average price per share of the Companys common stock during a one trading day averaging
period commencing on March 13, 2025. The cash portion of the Exchange Consideration will represent the par amount of the 2025 Notes
being repurchased and the actual number of shares of the Companys common stock comprising the Exchange Consideration will be determined
after the averaging period based on trading prices of the Companys common stock. The Company intends to fund the cash portion of
the Exchange Consideration with liquidity on-hand. The closing of the Exchange is expected to occur on or about March 18, 2025, subject
to customary closing conditions, and will reduce the Companys weighted average shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis.

The shares of the Companys
common stock to be issued in the Exchange will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and will be issued in a private placement in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. The Company is relying, in part, upon representations from each Noteholder that, among other things, (i) it is an
institutional accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the
Securities Act and (ii) it and any account for which it is acting is a qualified institutional buyer as defined in
Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

The 2025 Notes to be exchanged
represent approximately 62% of the outstanding principal amount thereof. Following the Exchange, approximately $123 million in aggregate
principal amount of the 2025 Notes will remain outstanding.

The foregoing description
of the Exchange Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form
of Exchange Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K
shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy shares of common stock or any other securities, and shall not
constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 13, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing entry into the Exchange Agreements. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this
Current Report on Form 8-K relating to, among other things, the Exchange Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby constitute
forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to:
statements regarding the Exchange Consideration and the expected timing of the Exchange. Words such as anticipate, believe,
considering, could, driving, estimate, expect, goal,
intend, may, plan, project, seek, should, will,
would and similar expressions are intended to help identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect
managements current expectations, are based on judgments, are inherently uncertain and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
other factors, which could cause the Companys actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties
and other factors include, but are not limited to, the following: the impact of the economic and geopolitical environment on key aspects
of the Companys business, such as the demand for cruises, passenger spending and operating costs; changes in operating costs; the
unavailability or cost of air service; disease outbreaks and increased concern about the risk of illness on the Companys ships
or when traveling to or from the Companys ships, which could cause a decrease in demand, guest cancellations and ship redeployments;
incidents or adverse publicity concerning the Companys ships, port facilities, land destinations and/or passengers or the cruise
vacation industry in general; the effects of weather, climate events and/or natural disasters on the Companys business; risks related
to the Companys sustainability activities; the impact of issues at shipyards, including ship delivery delays, ship cancellations
or ship construction cost increases; shipyard unavailability; unavailability of ports of call; vacation industry competition and increase
in industry capacity and overcapacity; inability to manage the Companys cost and capital allocation strategies; the uncertainties
of conducting business globally and expanding into new markets and new ventures, including potential acquisitions; issues with travel
advisers that sell and market the Companys cruises; reliance on third-party service providers; potential unavailability of insurance
coverage; the risks and costs related to cyber security attacks, data breaches, protecting the Companys systems and maintaining
data integrity and security; uncertainties of a foreign legal system as the Company is not incorporated in the United States; the Companys
ability to obtain sufficient financing or capital to fund the Companys capital expenditures, operations, debt repayments and other
financing needs; the Companys expectation and ability to pay a cash dividend on the Companys common stock in the future;
changes to the Companys dividend policy; growing anti-tourism sentiments and environmental concerns; changes in U.S. or other countries
foreign travel policy; impact of new or changing legislation and regulations (including environmental regulations) or governmental orders
on the Companys business; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates; further impairments
of the Companys goodwill, long-lived assets, equity investments and notes receivable; an inability to source the Companys
crew or the Companys provisions and supplies from certain places; the Companys ability to recruit, develop and retain high
quality personnel; and pending or threatened litigation, investigations and enforcement actions.

Forward-looking statements
should not be relied upon as predictions of actual results. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this
Current Report on Form 8-K, which are based on information available to the Company on the date hereof. The Company undertakes no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Form of Exchange Agreement

99.1 Press release, dated March 13, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 

Date: March 13, 2025 By: /s/ Naftali Holtz

Name: Naftali Holtz

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259050d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Exchange Agreement

March 12, 2025

Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.

6.000%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2025

The undersigned investor (the Investor),
for itself and on behalf of the beneficial owners listed on Exhibit A hereto (Accounts) for whom the
Investor holds contractual and investment authority (each, including the Investor if it is a party exchanging Notes (as defined below),
an Exchanging Investor), hereby agrees to exchange, with Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., a corporation incorporated
and existing under the laws of the Republic of Liberia (the Company), certain 6.000% Convertible Senior Notes due
2025, CUSIP 780153 BQ4 (the Notes) for the Exchange Consideration (as defined below) pursuant to this exchange agreement
(the Agreement). The Investor understands that the exchange (the Exchange) is being made without
registration of the offer or sale of the Shares (as defined below) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or any securities laws of any state of the United States or of any other jurisdiction pursuant to a private placement
exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and that each Exchanging Investor participating in the
Exchange is required to be an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or
(7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act that is also a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A
under the Securities Act. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the respective meanings set forth in the indenture
with respect to the Notes, dated as of August 5, 2022 (the Indenture), between the Company and the Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee).

1.On
the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth,
the Investor hereby agrees to exchange, and to cause each other Exchanging Investor, if any, to exchange, an aggregate principal amount
of the Notes set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Exchanged Notes) for:

(a)An
amount of cash as set forth on Exhibit A hereto, comprised of (i) the accrued and unpaid interest of the Exchanged Notes
set forth on Exhibit A hereto from February 15, 2025 to, but not including, the Closing Date and (ii) $1,000 per
$1,000 principal amount of the Exchanged Notes set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Cash Consideration);
and

(b)A
number of shares of the Companys common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock) determined pursuant
to the formula set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Shares and, together with the Cash Consideration, the
Exchange Consideration).

The Company and the Investor agree that no Exchanging
Investor shall deliver a Notice of Conversion with respect to any Exchanged Notes and each Exchanging Investor shall hold the Exchanged
Notes until the Closing (as defined below). In consideration for the performance of its obligations hereunder (including as described
in the immediately preceding sentence), and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to deliver the Exchange
Consideration on the Closing Date to each Exchanging Investor in exchange for its Exchanged Notes in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

The Exchange shall occur in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Exhibit B hereto (the Exchange Procedures); provided that each of the
Company and the Investor acknowledges that the delivery of the Shares to any Exchanging Investor may be delayed due to procedures and
mechanics within the system of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, The Depositary Trust Company (DTC)
or the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) (including the procedures and mechanics regarding the listing of the Shares
on the NYSE) or other events beyond the Companys control and that such a delay will not be a default under this Agreement so long
as (i) the Company is using its reasonable best efforts to effect such delivery, or (ii) such delay arises due to a failure
by Investor to deliver settlement instructions; provided, further, that no delivery of Shares will be made until the Exchanged
Notes have been properly submitted for exchange in accordance with the Exchange Procedures and no accrued interest will be payable by
reason of any delay in making such delivery.

The
closing of the Exchange (the Closing) shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at 10:00
a.m., New York City time, on March 18, 2025 (the Closing Date), or at such other time and place as the Company
and the Investor may mutually agree. On the Closing Date, subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent specified herein and the
prior receipt by the Trustee from the Investor of the Exchanged Notes, the Company shall deliver the Shares to the DTC account and the
Cash Consideration by wire transfer to the account, in each case specified by the Investor for each relevant Exchanging Investor
in Exhibit A. All questions as to the form of all documents and the validity and acceptance of the Exchanged Notes and the
Exchange Consideration will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, which determination shall be final and binding. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Investor hereby, for itself and on behalf of its Accounts, (a) waives any and
all other rights with respect to such Exchanged Notes and (b) releases and discharges the Company and its affiliates and representatives
from any and all claims, actions, causes or rights, whether known or unknown, contingent or matured, that the undersigned and its Accounts
may now have, or may have in the future, arising out of, or related to, such Exchanged Notes.

2.Representations
and Warranties and Covenants of the Company. As of the date hereof and the Closing Date, the Company represents and warrants to, and
covenants with, the Exchanging Investors, and all such covenants, representations and warranties shall survive the Closing, that:

(a)The
Company and each of its subsidiaries set forth in Schedule I hereto, which subsidiaries constitute Significant Subsidiaries
as defined under Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Significant Subsidiaries),
are entities duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which each is formed, and have
the requisite power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their business as now being conducted, except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company or its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise
(a Material Adverse Effect). The Company and each of its Significant Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business
(where such concept exists) and is in good standing in every jurisdiction (where such concept exists) in which its ownership of property
or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified
or be in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has the power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the
Exchange contemplated hereby. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with any governmental
entity is required on the part of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by
the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Exchange, except as may be required under any state or federal
securities laws or that may be obtained after the Closing without penalty.

(b)This
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to (a) bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to enforcement of creditors
rights generally and (b) general principles of equity, whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity.
This Agreement and consummation of the Exchange will not violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under (i) assuming
the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties and compliance with the covenants of the Investor herein, the charter, bylaws
or other organizational documents of the Company, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the
Company or any of its assets or subsidiaries are bound, or (iii) any laws, regulations or governmental or judicial decrees, injunctions
or orders applicable to the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries, except in the case of clauses (ii) or (iii), where such violations,
conflicts, breaches or defaults would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and would not, individually or in
the aggregate, materially impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

2

(c)When
delivered to the applicable Exchanging Investor pursuant to the Exchange in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Shares, assuming
the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties and compliance with the covenants of the Investor herein, will (i) be
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii) be free and clear of any Liens (as defined in Section 3(c) below),
option, equity or other adverse claim thereto, including claims or rights under any voting trust agreements, shareholder agreements or
other agreements, and (iii) will not be subject to any preemptive, participation, rights of first refusal or other similar rights
(other than any such rights that will be waived prior to the Closing). Assuming the accuracy of the Investors and each Exchanging
Investors representations and warranties and compliance with the covenants of the Investor hereunder, the Shares (a) will
be issued in the Exchange exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act,
(b) will be issued in CUSIP No. V7780T103, and (c) will be issued in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws,
and at the Closing, be free of any restrictive legend and any restrictions on resale by such Exchanging Investor pursuant to Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act.

(d)At
the Closing, the Shares shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE in accordance with the applicable rules thereof.

(e)From
January 1, 2025 to the date of this Agreement, the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, proxy statements, statements
and other documents required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to
the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or timely filed
notifications of late filings for any of the foregoing (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits and appendices
included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter
referred to as the SEC Documents). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company
included in the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements of Regulations S-X and have been
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods covered thereby (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in
the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), and fairly
present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as of the
dates shown (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).

3

(f)There
is no action, lawsuit, arbitration, claim or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the Company that
would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely impede the consummation of the Exchange.

(g)No
statement or printed material which is contrary to the publicly available filings and submissions made by the Company with the SEC under
the Exchange Act, or any other documents and agreements used in connection with the Exchange has been made or given to the Investor by
or on behalf of the Company.

(h)The
Company agrees that it shall, upon request, use its reasonable efforts to execute and deliver any additional documents reasonably deemed
by the Trustee or the transfer agent to be reasonably necessary to complete the Exchange.

3.Representations
and Warranties and Covenants of the Investor. As of the date hereof and the Closing Date (except as otherwise set forth below), the
Investor hereby, for itself and on behalf of the Exchanging Investors, represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Company that:

(a)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor is a corporation, limited partnership, limited liability company or other entity, as the case may
be, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation.

(b)The
Investor has all requisite corporate (or other applicable entity) power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement for itself
and on behalf of the Exchanging Investors and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms hereof and the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Investor and constitutes the valid and binding obligation
of the Investor and each Exchanging Investor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to laws of general application relating
to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors, and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other
equitable remedies. If the Investor is executing this Agreement on behalf of an Account, (i) the Investor has all requisite discretionary
and contractual authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of, and, bind, each Account, and (ii) Exhibit A attached
to this Agreement contains a true, correct and complete list of (A) the name of each Account and (B) the principal amount of
each Accounts Exchanged Notes, as applicable.

(c)As
of the date hereof and as of the Closing, each of the Exchanging Investors is and will be the current sole legal and beneficial owner
of the Exchanged Notes set forth on Exhibit A attached to the Agreement. When the Exchanged Notes are exchanged, the Company
will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, mortgages, pledges, security interests, restrictions,
charges, encumbrances or adverse claims, rights or proxies of any kind (Liens) (i) arising by operation of
applicable law, (ii) arising by operation of any organizational documents of the Company, the Investor, each Exchanging Investor
or the Notes, (iii) that is not terminated on or prior to the Closing, or (iv) created by or imposed by or on the Company.
None of the Exchanging Investors has, nor prior to the Closing, will have, in whole or in part, other than pledges or security interests
that an Exchanging Investor may have created in favor of a prime broker under and in accordance with its prime brokerage agreement with
such broker, (x) assigned, transferred, hypothecated, pledged, exchanged, submitted for conversion pursuant to the respective Indenture
or otherwise disposed of any of its Exchanged Notes (other than to the Company pursuant hereto), or (y) given any person or entity
any transfer order, power of attorney or other authority of any nature whatsoever with respect to its Exchanged Notes.

4

(d)The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Investor and compliance by each Exchanging Investor with all provisions hereof
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will not (i) require any consent, approval, authorization or other
order of, or qualification with, any court or governmental body or agency (except as may be required under the securities or Blue Sky
laws of the various states), (ii) constitute a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or result in a default under,
(x) the organizational documents of any of the Investor or any Exchanging Investor or (y) any material indenture, loan agreement,
mortgage, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Investor or any of the Exchanging Investors is a party or by which such
Investor or Exchanging Investor is bound, or (iii) violate or conflict with any applicable law or any rule, regulation, judgment,
decision, order or decree of any court or any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of the Exchanging
Investors.

(e)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in effect necessary for each Exchanging Investor
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the transactions contemplated
hereby and the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction to which the Investor and each such Exchanging Investor is subject, and the Company
shall have no responsibility therefor.

(f)The
Investor acknowledges that no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation or warranty concerning
the Company or any of its affiliates or the Exchange other than the information set forth herein in connection with the Investors
and each Exchanging Investors examination of the Company and the terms of the Exchange and the Shares, and the Company does not
take, and J. Wood Capital Advisors LLC (Placement Agent) does not take any responsibility for, and neither the Company,
its affiliates nor the Placement Agent can provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may provide
to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor.

(g)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor has such knowledge, skill and experience in business, financial and investment matters so that it
is capable of evaluating the merits and risks with respect to the Exchange and an investment in the Shares. With the assistance of each
Exchanging Investors own professional advisors, to the extent that the Exchanging Investor has deemed appropriate, such Exchanging
Investor has made its own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares and the
consequences of the Exchange and this Agreement and the Exchanging Investor has made its own independent decision that the investment
in the Shares is suitable and appropriate for the Exchanging Investor. Each Exchanging Investor has considered the suitability of the
Shares as an investment in light of such Exchanging Investors circumstances and financial condition and is able to bear the risks
associated with an investment in the Shares.

(h)The
Investor confirms that it and each Exchanging Investor is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Company, the Placement
Agent or any of their respective affiliates or representatives as investment advice or as a recommendation to acquire the Shares or the
Cash Consideration in the Exchange. It is understood that information provided by the Company, the Placement Agent or any of their respective
affiliates and representatives shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to participate in the Exchange, and that
none of the Company, the Placement Agent or any of their respective affiliates or representatives is acting or has acted as an advisor
to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor in deciding to participate in the Exchange.

5

(i)The
Investor confirms that the Company has not (i) given any guarantee, representation or warranty as to the potential success, return,
effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) of an investment in the Shares or (ii) made
any representation or warranty to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor regarding the legality of an investment in the Shares under
applicable legal investment or similar laws or regulations. In deciding to participate in the Exchange, the Investor is not relying on
the advice or recommendations of the Company and the Investor has made its own independent decision that the investment in the Shares
is suitable and appropriate for the Investor.

(j)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor is familiar with the business and financial condition and operations of the Company and the Investor
and each Exchanging Investor has had the opportunity to conduct its own investigation of the Company and the Shares. The Investor and
each Exchanging Investor has had access to the SEC filings of the Company and such other information concerning the Company and the Shares
as it deems necessary to enable it to make an informed investment decision concerning the Exchange. The Investor and each Exchanging Investor
has been offered the opportunity to ask such questions of the Company and its representatives and received answers thereto, as it deems
necessary to enable it to make an informed investment decision concerning the Exchange.

(k)Each
Exchanging Investor is an institutional accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act and it and any account (including for purposes of this Section 3(k), the Accounts) for which it is acting
(for which it has sole investment discretion) is a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the
Securities Act. The Investor agrees to furnish any additional information reasonably requested by the Company or any of its affiliates
to assure compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws in connection with the Exchange.

(l)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor is not, and has not been during the consecutive three month period preceding the date hereof and
as of the Closing, will not be, a director, officer or affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities Act (an Affiliate) of the Company and each Exchanging Holder did not, to the best of its knowledge, acquire
the Exchanged Notes from an Affiliate.

(m)Neither
the Investor nor any Exchanging Investor is directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controlling or controlled by,
or under direct or indirect common control with, the Company.

(n)Each
Exchanging Investor is acquiring the Shares solely for its own beneficial account (or for any account (including for purposes of this
Section 3(n), the Accounts) for which it has sole investment discretion), for investment purposes, and not with a view to,
or for resale in connection with, any distribution of the Shares. The Investor and each Exchanging Investor understands that the offer
and sale of the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and are being issued without registration
under the Securities Act by reason of specific exemption(s) under the provisions thereof which depend in part upon the investment
intent of the Exchanging Investors and the accuracy of the other representations and warranties made by the Investor in this Agreement.
The Investor and the Exchanging Investors understand that the Company is relying upon the representations, warranties and agreements contained
in this Agreement (and any supplemental information provided to the Company by the Investor or the Exchanging Investors) for the purpose
of determining whether this transaction meets the requirements for such exemption(s) and to issue the Shares without legends as set
forth herein.

6

(o)The
Investor acknowledges that the terms of the Exchange have been mutually negotiated between the Investor and the Company. The Investor
was given a meaningful opportunity to negotiate the terms of the Exchange.

(p)The
Investor acknowledges that it and each Exchanging Investor had a sufficient amount of time to consider whether to participate in the Exchange
and that neither the Company nor the Placement Agent has placed any pressure on the Investor or any Exchanging Investor to respond to
the opportunity to participate in the Exchange. The Investor acknowledges that neither it nor any Exchanging Investor become aware of
the Exchange through any form of general solicitation or advertising within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act or otherwise
through a public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

(q)The
Investor acknowledges it and each Exchanging Investor understands that the Company intends to pay the Placement Agent a fee in respect
of the Exchange.

(r)The
Investor will, upon request, execute and deliver, for itself and on behalf of any Exchanging Investor, any additional documents deemed
by the Company and the Trustee or the transfer agent to be reasonably necessary to complete the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(s)No
later than one (1) business day after the date hereof, the Investor agrees to deliver to the Company settlement instructions substantially
in the form of Exhibit B attached to this Agreement for each of the Exchanging Investors.

(t)The
Investor acknowledges that the Company may issue appropriate stop-transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and may make appropriate
notations to the same effect in its books and records to ensure compliance with the provisions of this Section 3.

(u)The
Investor understands that the Company, the Placement Agent and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing representations,
warranties and covenants and agrees that if any of the representations and warranties deemed to have been made by it or the Exchanging
Investors by their participation in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and acquisition of the Shares are no longer accurate,
the Investor shall promptly notify the Company and the Placement Agent. The Investor understands that, unless the Investor notifies the
Company in writing to the contrary before the Closing, each of the Investors and Exchanging Investors representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement will be deemed to have been reaffirmed and confirmed as of the Closing. If the Investor is exchanging
any Exchanged Notes and acquiring the Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts (including for purposes of this Section 3(u),
the Accounts which are Exchanging Investors), it represents that (i) it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such
account, (ii) it has full power to make the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants on behalf of such account and (iii) it
has contractual authority with respect to each such account.

(v)The
Investor acknowledges and agrees that no Placement Agent has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to the Investor or any Exchanging
Investor and that the Placement Agent and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and controlling persons have
no responsibility for making, and have not made, any independent investigation of the information contained herein or in the Companys
SEC filings and make no representation or warranty to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor, express or implied, with respect to the
Company, the Exchanged Notes or the Shares or the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the information provided to the Investor or any
Exchanging Investor or any other publicly available information, nor shall any of the foregoing persons be liable for any loss or damages
of any kind resulting from the use of the information contained therein or otherwise supplied to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor.

7

(w)The
Company and its agents shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts
as may be required to be deducted or withheld under applicable law, and shall be provided with a Form W-9 or the appropriate series
of Form W-8, in order to establish whether any Exchanging Investor is entitled to an exemption from (or reduction in the rate of)
withholding. To the extent any such amounts are withheld and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority, such amounts shall be treated
for all purposes as having been paid to the Exchanging Investor to whom such amounts otherwise would have been paid.

(x)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor acknowledges and understands that at the time of the Closing, the Company may be in possession of
information not known to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor that may impact the value of the Notes, including the Exchanged Notes,
and the Shares (Information) that the Company has not disclosed to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor. The Investor
and each Exchanging Investor acknowledges that they have not relied upon the non-disclosure of any such Information for purposes of making
their decision to participate in the Exchange. The Investor and each Exchanging Investor understands, based on its experience, the disadvantage
to which the Investor and each Exchanging Investor is subject due to the disparity of information between the Company, on the one hand,
and the Investor and each Exchanging Investor, on the other hand. Notwithstanding this, the Investor and each Exchanging Investor has
deemed it appropriate to participate in the Exchange. The Investor agrees that the Company and its directors, officers, employees, agents,
stockholders and affiliates shall have no liability to the Investor or any Exchanging Investor or their respective beneficiaries whatsoever
due to or in connection with the Companys use or non-disclosure of the Information or otherwise as a result of the Exchange, and
the Investor hereby irrevocably waives any claim that it or any Exchanging Investor might have based on the failure of the Company to
disclose the Information.

(y)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor understands that no federal, state, local or foreign agency has passed upon the merits or risks
of an investment in the Shares or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of this investment.

(z)The
operations of the Investor and each Exchanging Investor have been conducted in material compliance with the applicable rules and
regulations administered or conducted by the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
the applicable rules and regulations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the applicable Anti-Money
Laundering (AML) rules in the Bank Secrecy Act. The Investor has performed due diligence necessary to reasonably
determine that the Exchanging Investors are not named on the lists of denied parties or blocked persons administered by OFAC, resident
in or organized under the laws of a country that is the subject of comprehensive economic sanctions and embargoes administered or conducted
by OFAC (Sanctions), are not otherwise the subject of Sanctions and have not been found to be in violation or under
suspicion of violating OFAC, FCPA or AML rules and regulations.

(aa)The
Investor and each Exchanging Investor agrees that, as of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, the total aggregate amount of securities that it beneficially owns shall not exceed 5.0% of the total number of shares
of capital stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately following the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

8

(bb)The
Investor acknowledges and agrees that it and each Exchanging Holder has not disclosed, and will not disclose, to any third party any information
regarding the Company or the Exchange, and that it has not transacted, and will not transact, in any securities of the Company, including,
but not limited to, any hedging transactions, from the time the Holder was first contacted by the Company or the Placement Agent with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement until after such transactions are made public.

4.Conditions
to Obligations of the Investor and the Company. The obligations of the Investor and of the Company under this Agreement are subject
to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions precedent: (a) the representations and warranties of the
Company contained in Section 2 hereof and of the Investor contained in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct
as of the Closing in all respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made as of the Closing,
(b) the Investor and each other Exchanging Investor shall have complied in all material respects with its obligations hereunder and
(c) no provision of any applicable law or any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, award or decree of any governmental authority
shall be in effect prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5.Waiver,
Amendment. Neither this Agreement nor any provisions hereof or thereof shall be modified, changed or discharged, except by an instrument
in writing, signed by the Company and the Investor.

6.Assignability.
Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be assignable by either
the Company or the Investor without the prior written consent of the other.

7.Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY
LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

8.Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to such states rules concerning conflicts of laws that might provide for any other choice of law.

9.Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Investor: (a) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively in the courts of the State of New York
located in the City and County of New York or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York; (b) waives
any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding; and (c) irrevocably consents
to the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Company and the Investor agrees that a
final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment
or in any other manner provided by law.

10.Venue.
Each of the Company and the Investor irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement in any court referred to in Section 9. Each of the Company and the Investor irrevocably waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

9

11.Service
of Process. Each of the Company and the Investor irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in
Section 12. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of the Company or the Investor to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law.

12.Notices.
All notices and other communications to the Company provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
if delivered personally, sent by prepaid overnight courier (providing written proof of delivery) or sent by confirmed facsimile transmission
or electronic mail and will be deemed given on the date so delivered (or, if such day is not a business day, on the first subsequent
business day) to the following addresses, or in the case of the Investor, the address provided on Exhibit B attached to this
Agreement (or such other address as the Company or the Investor shall have specified by notice in writing to the other)

If to the Company:

1050 Caribbean Way

Miami, Florida 33132

Attn. Jason T. Liberty, Chief Executive Officer

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

1050 Caribbean Way

Miami, Florida 33132

Attn. Chief Legal Officer 

13.Binding
Effect. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and
the Investor with respect to the subject matters hereof. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto in any number
of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic means, including telecopy, email or otherwise), and all of said counterparts
taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement
by facsimile or other transmission (e.g., pdf or tif format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart hereof.

14.Notification
of Changes. After the date of this Agreement, each of the Company and the Investor hereby covenants and agrees to notify the other
upon the occurrence of any event prior to the Closing of the Exchange pursuant to this Agreement that would cause any representation,
warranty or covenant of the Company or the Investor, as the case may be, contained in this Agreement to be false or incorrect.

15.Reliance
by Placement Agent. Placement Agent may rely on each representation and warranty of the Company and the Investor made herein or pursuant
to the terms hereof with the same force and effect as if such representation or warranty were made directly to such Placement Agent. Placement
Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement to the extent provided in this Section 15.

16.Severability.
If any term or provision of this Agreement (in whole or in part) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

10

17.Survival.
The representations and warranties of the Company and the Investor contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Exchanging
Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

18.Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby abandoned (a) by mutual agreement of the Company and the
Investor in writing or (b) by either the Company or the Investor if the conditions to such partys obligations set forth herein
have not been satisfied (unless waived by the party entitled to the benefit thereof), and the Closing has not occurred on or before March 18,
2025 without liability of either the Company or the Investor or the Exchanging Investors, as the case may be; provided that neither the
Company nor the Investor shall be released from liability hereunder if the Agreement is terminated and the transactions abandoned by reason
of the failure of the Company or the Investor or the Exchanging Investors, as the case may be to have performed its obligations hereunder.
Except as provided above, if this Agreement is terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby are not concluded as described above,
the Agreement will become void and of no further force and effect.

19.Taxation.
The Investor acknowledges that, if an Exchanging Investor is a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes, either (i) the
Company must be provided with a correct taxpayer identification number (TIN, generally a persons social security
or federal employer identification number) and certain other information on a properly completed and executed Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) Form W-9 stating that the Exchanging Investor is not subject to backup withholding and that the Exchanging Investor
is a United States person, or (ii) another basis for exemption from backup withholding must be established. The Investor further
acknowledges that, if an Exchanging Investor is not a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company must be provided
with a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8IMY (and all required
attachments) or other applicable IRS Form W-8, attesting to that non-U.S. Exchanging Investors foreign status and certain
other information, including information establishing an exemption from withholding under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). The Investor further acknowledges that any Exchanging Investor may be subject to 30%
U.S. federal withholding or 24% U.S. federal backup withholding on certain payments made to such Exchanging Investor unless such Exchanging
Investor properly establishes an exemption from, or a reduced rate of, such withholding or backup withholding. The Company and its agents
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required to be
deducted or withheld under applicable law. To the extent any such amounts are withheld and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority,
such amounts shall be treated for all purposes as having been paid to the Exchanging Investor to whom such amounts otherwise would have
been paid.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

11

Very truly yours,

Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.

By 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Exchange Agreement]

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets
forth the agreement between the Company and the Investor by signing in the space provided below for that purpose.

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:

Investor:

[_____________],

in
its capacity as described in the first paragraph hereof

By 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Exchange
Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Exchanging Investor Information

Exchanging Investor Aggregate Principal

Amount of Exchanged

Notes Cash Consideration Shares

EXHIBIT B

Exchanging Investor:

Investor Address:

Telephone: 

Country of Residence:

Taxpayer Identification Number:

Account
for Shares:

DTC Participant Number: 

DTC Participant Name: 

DTC Participant Phone Number: 

DTC Participant Contact Email: 

FFC Account #: 

Account # at Bank/Broker: 

Account
for Notes:

DTC Participant Number: 

DTC Participant Name: 

DTC Participant Phone Number: 

DTC Participant Contact Email: 

FFC Account #: 

Account # at Bank/Broker: 

Wire
instructions for Cash Consideration:

Bank Name: 

Bank Address: 

ABA Routing #: 

Account Name: 

Account Number: 

FFC Account Name: 

FFC Account #: 

Contact Person: 

Exchanging Investor Address:

Telephone: 

Country of Residence:

Taxpayer Identification Number:

B-2

Exchange Procedures

NOTICE TO INVESTOR

These are the Investor Exchange Procedures for
the settlement of the exchange of 6.000% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025, CUSIP 780153 BQ4 (the Exchanged Notes)
of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of the Republic of Liberia (the Company),
for the Cash Consideration and the Shares (as defined in and pursuant to the Agreement between you and the Company), which is expected
to occur on or about March 18, 2025. To ensure timely settlement for the Shares, please follow the instructions as set forth on the
following page.

These instructions supersede any prior instructions you received. Your
failure to comply with these instructions may delay your receipt of the Shares.

If you have any questions, please contact ________ of J. Wood Capital
Advisors LLC at ___-___-____.

To deliver Exchanged Notes:

You must post, no later than 9:00 a.m, New York City time, a
withdrawal request for the Exchange Notes through the DTC via DWAC. It is important that this instruction be submitted and the DWAC
posted on March 18, 2025.

To receive Exchange Consideration:

To Receive
Shares: You must direct your eligible DTC participant through which you wish to hold a beneficial interest in the Shares
to be issued upon exchange to post on March 18, 2025 no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, a one-sided deposit instruction
through DTC via DWAC for the Shares deliverable in respect of the Exchanged Notes. It is important that this instruction be submitted
and the DWAC posted on March 18, 2025.

To Receive
Cash Consideration: You must provide valid wire instructions to the Company. You will then receive the Cash Consideration
from the Company on the Closing Date.

You must comply with both procedures described above in order to complete
the Exchange and to receive the Cash Consideration and the Shares in respect of the Exchanged Notes.

Closing:
March 18, 2025, after the Company receives your delivery instructions as set forth above and a withdrawal request in respect
of the Exchanged Notes has been posted as specified above, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to Closing as set forth in
your Agreement, the Company will deliver the Exchange Consideration in respect of the Exchanged Notes in accordance with the delivery
instructions above.

SCHEDULE I

Significant Subsidiaries

RCL Cruises Ltd.

Celebrity Cruises Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259050d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Royal Caribbean Group announces entry into exchange agreements with
certain holders of its outstanding 6.000% convertible senior notes due 2025

MIAMI March 13, 2025 Royal
Caribbean Cruises Ltd.(NYSE: RCL) (the Company) today announced that it has entered into exchange agreements with a limited
number of existing holders (the Noteholders) of its 6.000% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes)
in exchange for a combination of cash and shares of the Companys common stock (the Exchange Consideration). The Exchange
Consideration will be determined based upon the volume-weighted average price per share of the Companys common stock during a one
trading day averaging period commencing on March 13, 2025. The cash portion of the Exchange Consideration will represent the par
amount of the 2025 Notes being repurchased and the actual number of shares of the Companys common stock comprising the Exchange
Consideration will be determined after the averaging period based on trading prices of the Companys common stock. The Company intends
to fund the cash portion of the Exchange Consideration with liquidity on-hand, with the remaining amounts due settled in shares.

The 2025 Notes to be exchanged represent approximately
$200 million of the outstanding principal amount thereof. Following the exchange, approximately $123 million in aggregate principal amount
of the 2025 Notes will remain outstanding. The exchange transactions are expected to close on March 18, 2025, and to reduce the Companys
weighted average shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein or any other securities and shall not constitute an offer,
solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release relating
to, among other things, the exchange agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby constitute forward-looking statements under
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to: statements regarding the Exchange
Consideration and the expected timing of the exchange transactions. Words such as anticipate, believe, considering,
could, driving, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may,
plan, project, seek, should, will, would and similar
expressions are intended to help identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect managements current expectations,
are based on judgments, are inherently uncertain and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause the Companys
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied
in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the following:
the impact of the economic and geopolitical environment on key aspects of the Companys business, such as the demand for cruises,
passenger spending and operating costs; changes in operating costs; the unavailability or cost of air service; disease outbreaks and increased
concern about the risk of illness on the Companys ships or when traveling to or from the Companys ships, which could cause
a decrease in demand, guest cancellations and ship redeployments; incidents or adverse publicity concerning the Companys ships,
port facilities, land destinations and/or passengers or the cruise vacation industry in general; the effects of weather, climate events
and/or natural disasters on the Companys business; risks related to the Companys sustainability activities; the impact of
issues at shipyards, including ship delivery delays, ship cancellations or ship construction cost increases; shipyard unavailability;
unavailability of ports of call; vacation industry competition and increase in industry capacity and overcapacity; inability to manage
the Companys cost and capital allocation strategies; the uncertainties of conducting business globally and expanding into new markets
and new ventures, including potential acquisitions; issues with travel advisers that sell and market the Companys cruises; reliance
on third-party service providers; potential unavailability of insurance coverage; the risks and costs related to cyber security attacks,
data breaches, protecting the Companys systems and maintaining data integrity and security; uncertainties of a foreign legal system
as the Company is not incorporated in the United States; the Companys ability to obtain sufficient financing or capital to fund
the Companys capital expenditures, operations, debt repayments and other financing needs; the Companys expectation and ability
to pay a cash dividend on the Companys common stock in the future; changes to the Companys dividend policy; growing anti-tourism
sentiments and environmental concerns; changes in U.S. or other countries foreign travel policy; impact of new or changing legislation
and regulations (including environmental regulations) or governmental orders on the Companys business; fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates; further impairments of the Companys goodwill, long-lived assets, equity
investments and notes receivable; an inability to source the Companys crew or the Companys provisions and supplies from
certain places; the Companys ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel; and pending or threatened litigation,
investigations and enforcement actions.

Forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as predictions of actual results. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this release, which are
based on information available to the Company on the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

About Royal Caribbean Group

Royal Caribbean Group (NYSE: RCL) is a vacation
industry leader with a global fleet of 67 ships across its five brands traveling to all seven continents. With a mission to deliver the
best vacations responsibly, Royal Caribbean Group serves millions of guests each year through its portfolio of best-in-class brands, including
Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Silversea; and an expanding portfolio of land-based vacation experiences through
Perfect Day at CocoCay and Royal Beach Club collection. The company also owns 50% of a joint venture that operates TUI Cruises and Hapag-Lloyd
Cruises.

Investor Relations contact: Blake Vanier

Email: bvanier@rccl.com

Media contact: Melissa Castro

Email: corporatecommunications@rccl.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rcl-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rcl-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rcl-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm259050d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 1-11884

Entity Registrant Name ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD.

Entity Central Index Key 0000884887

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-0081645

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code N0

Entity Address, Address Line One 1050 Caribbean Way

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33132

City Area Code 305

Local Phone Number 539-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol RCL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://royalcaribbean.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rcl-20250313.xsd 
rcl-20250313_lab.xml 
rcl-20250313_pre.xml 
tm259050d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-023199-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm259050d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000884887 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000884887 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
N0 
1-11884 
98-0081645 
1050 Caribbean Way 
Miami 
FL 
33132 
305 
539-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
RCL 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>