<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002874.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002874.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423172514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002874
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250422
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Voyager Acquisition Corp./Cayman Islands
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002006815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42211
		FILM NUMBER:		25862779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
		STREET 2:		800 CAPITOL ST., STE 2400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		03477204333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
		STREET 2:		800 CAPITOL ST., STE 2400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>voyageracq_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000200681500020068152025-04-222025-04-220002006815VACHU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneWarrantMember2025-04-222025-04-220002006815VACHU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-222025-04-220002006815VACHU:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantEntitlingtTheHolderThereofToPurchaseOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAPriceOf1150PerShareMember2025-04-222025-04-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): April 22, 2025

Voyager Acquisition Corp./Cayman Islands

VOYAGER ACQUISITION CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42211 00-0000000N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY11201

(Address of principal executive offices)

(347)720-2907

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units,
each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one half of one redeemable warrant VACHU The
Nasdaq Global Market

Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share VACH The
Nasdaq Global Market

Warrants,
each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, exercisable
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business
combination or earlier upon redemption or our liquidation VACHW The
Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into A Material Definitive Agreement.

Business Combination Agreement

This section describes the material provisions of the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below) but does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following summary and description of the Business Combination Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Shareholders of SPAC (as defined below) and other interested parties are urged to read the Business Combination Agreement in its entirety. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used below are defined in the Business Combination Agreement.

On April 22, 2025, Voyager Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (SPAC), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement), with Veraxa Biotech AG, a company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of Switzerland (the Company) and Oliver Baumann, an individual, solely in his capacity as representative for the Company Shareholders. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, Voyager Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor), will form a public limited company organized under the Laws of Switzerland (PubCo), and PubCo will form an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, to be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (Merger Sub and, together with PubCo each, individually, an Acquisition Entity). Following the formation of each Acquisition Entity, each such Acquisition Entity shall enter into a joinder to the Business Combination Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to SPAC. The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of SPAC and the Company.

The Business Combination

The Business Combination Agreement provides for, among other things, the following transactions: (i) SPAC will merge with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (the Initial Merger), (ii) as soon as practicable, but not less than twenty-four hours following the completion of the Initial Merger, the Company will merge with and into PubCo, with PubCo as the surviving entity in the merger (the Acquisition Merger). The Initial Merger, the Acquisition Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. The Business Combination is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025, following the receipt of the required approval by SPACs shareholders and the fulfillment of other customary closing conditions.

Business Combination and Earnout Consideration

In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, (i) each issued and outstanding ordinary share in the Company will be cancelled and exchanged for the fraction of a PubCo Class A ordinary share equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement); (ii) (x) each issued and outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically detached and the holder will be deemed to hold one SPAC Class A ordinary share and one-half of a SPAC warrant and (y) each issued and outstanding SPAC Class A ordinary share and SPAC Class B ordinary share will be cancelled and exchanged for one PubCo Class A ordinary share; and (iii) each issued and outstanding whole SPAC warrant will be converted into a whole warrant to purchase one PubCo Class A ordinary share.

In addition to the consideration described above, the Company Shareholders shall have the right to receive an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares (the Earnout Shares) during each of the three fiscal years after the Closing Date in accordance with Section 2.8 of the Business Combination Agreement and applicable Swiss Law. The Company Shareholders shall have the right to receive their respective portions of the Earnout Shares upon the occurrence of an Earnout Event.

1

Representations and Warranties; Covenants

The Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type. The parties have also agreed, among other things, (i) that prior to the date of the Business Combination Agreement, subject to receiving the necessary shareholder approval, PubCo will adopt a new incentive equity plan establishing an incentive equity pool equal to 10% of the PubCo ordinary shares and (ii) that on the Acquisition Closing, the board of directors of PubCo shall consist of a total of five directors, which shall include at least one director chosen by the Sponsor (as defined below).

Conditions to Each Partys Obligations

The obligations of SPAC and the Company to consummate the Business Combination are subject to certain closing conditions, including but not limited to, (i) the Registration Statement (as defined below) has become effective; (ii) the approval of the SPAC and the Company shareholders of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement and the other transaction proposals has been obtained; (iii) (a) PubCos listing application with Nasdaq is approved and (b) the PubCo Class A ordinary shares to be issued in connection with the Business Combination shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance; (iv) the accuracy of representations and warranties to various standards, from flat to material adverse effect; (v) material compliance with pre-closing covenants; (vi) the bring-down to closing of a representation that no material adverse effect has occurred (both for SPAC and the Company); (vii) the absence of a legal prohibition on consummating the transaction; (viii) compliance by Sponsor with certain provisions in the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below); (ix) compliance by the Company Shareholders with certain provisions in the Shareholder Support Agreement (as defined below) and (x) the delivery of customary certificates and ancillary agreements.

Termination

The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated under customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, including, but not limited to: (i) by mutual written consent of SPAC and the Company, (ii) by SPAC if the representations and warranties of the Company are not true and correct at the standards specified in the Business Combination Agreement or if the Company fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iii) by the Company if the representations and warranties of SPAC are not true and correct at the standards specified in the Business Combination Agreement or if SPAC fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Business Combination Agreement such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iv) by either SPAC or the Company if the Business Combination is not consummated by the date that is 180 days after the Signing Date, (v) by either SPAC or the Company if there is a law in effect or a final, non-appealable order prohibiting the Business Combination, (vi) by either SPAC or the Company if the Acquisition Closing shall not have occurred on the 30th Business Day following the occurrence of the Initial Closing, (vii) by the Company if the shareholder approval of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement and the other transaction proposals has not been obtained following SPACs shareholder meeting and (viii) by the Company if the SPAC breaches Section 9.3(c) of the Business Combination Agreement. In the event that the Business Combination Agreement is terminated by SPAC pursuant to Section 10.1(g) or Section 10.1(i) of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company shall pay to SPAC a termination fee of $12,500,000 within five (5) Business Days following such termination; provided, that to the extent the Business Combination Agreement is terminated and (i) it is concurrently or subsequently discovered by SPAC or Sponsor (as defined below) that the Company breached Section 6.3 of the Business Combination Agreement prior to any such termination or enters into any written agreement to participate in an alternative transaction, then in addition any termination fee payment owing to SPAC, the Company shall pay to SPAC the greater of (A) $12,500,000 and (B) 1% of the enterprise value of such alternate transaction.

2

Post-Closing Indemnification; Survival

As a material inducement to SPAC entering into the Business Combination Agreement, the Company Shareholders agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Party, on a Pro Rata Basis, from and against all Losses incurred or sustained by the Indemnified Party as a result of or in connection with any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company contained in the Merger Agreement and/or any matters described in Section 11.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, whether or not involving a Third-Party Claims.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnification provided for in Article XI of the Business Combination Agreement is subject to certain customary limitations, including a Deductible and an overall cap on indemnifiable Losses not to exceed the total number of Indemnity Escrow Shares.

The Indemnity Escrow Shares shall be held in escrow and released from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement.

All representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Business Combination Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits thereto and all certificates, documents, instruments and undertakings furnished pursuant thereto) shall survive for a period of 12 months following the Closing; provided, that the Company Fundamental Representations shall survive indefinitely (the Survival Period). After the expiration of the Survival Period, the Indemnifying Party shall have no further liability for indemnification pursuant to Article XI of the Business Combination Agreement other than with respect to the claims already made pursuant to this Article XI or in the case of fraud.

The Indemnity Escrow Shares shall be released from escrow to the Company Shareholders, on a Pro Rata Basis, within five Business Days following expiration of the Survival Period.

The remedies provided in Article XI of the Business Combination Agreement shall be deemed the sole and exclusive remedies of the Indemnified Party, from and after the Acquisition Closing Date, with respect to any and all claims arising out of or related to the Business Combination Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby, other than in respect of fraud.

The Business Combination Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements that the respective parties made to each other as of the date of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement has been filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about SPAC, the Company or any other party to the Business Combination Agreement. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Business Combination Agreement, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Business Combination Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Business Combination Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Business Combination Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties and other terms may change after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in SPACs public disclosures.

3

Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreements

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, SPAC, on the one hand, and the Company and certain of the shareholders of the Company, on the other hand entered into a customary support agreement and voting, support and lock-up agreements, respectively (collectively, the Company Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreements), pursuant to which (i) Sponsor has agreed to, among other things: (a) to appear for purposes of constituting a quorum at any meeting of the shareholders of SPAC called to seek approval of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement and the other transaction proposals, (b) to vote in favor of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and other transaction proposals, and (c) to vote against any proposals that would materially impede the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement or any other transaction proposal and (ii) certain shareholders of the Company have agreed, among other things: (a) to appear for purposes of constituting a quorum at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company called to seek approval of the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement and the other transaction proposals, (b) to vote in favor of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and other transaction proposals, (c) to vote against any proposals that would materially impede the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement or any other transaction proposal, and (d) to not sell or transfer any of their shares, and (e) for the period after the completion of the Acquisition Merger specified therein, not to transfer certain PubCo ordinary shares held by such Company shareholders, if any, subject to certain exceptions.

The foregoing description of the Company Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreements is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Company Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreements, copies of which are attached as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 hereto, respectively.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On April 23, 2025, the Company and SPAC issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing the transactions. The Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. Attached as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference is the investor presentation dated April 22, 2025, for use by the Company and SPAC in meetings with certain of its shareholders as well as other persons with respect to the Business Combination, as described in this Current Report on Form 8-K. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3 is furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of SPAC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K, including the description of the transactions, agreements, and other information contained herein and the exhibits hereto (collectively, this Communication) includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the proposed Business Combination, and also contains certain financial forecasts and projections. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Communication, including, but not limited to, statements as to future results of operations and financial position, planned products and services, business strategy and plans, objectives of management for future operations of the Company, market size and growth opportunities, competitive position, technological and market trends and the potential benefits and expectations related to the terms and timing of the proposed Business Combination, are forward-looking statements. Some of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including anticipate, expect, suggests, plan, believe, intend, estimates, targets, projects, should, could, would, may, will, forecast or other similar expressions. All forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and forecasts and reflect the views, assumptions, expectations, and opinions of SPAC and the Company, which are all subject to change due to various factors. Any such estimates, assumptions, expectations, forecasts, views or opinions, whether or not identified in this Communication, should be regarded as indicative, preliminary and for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as being necessarily indicative of future results.

4

The forward-looking statements and financial forecasts and projections contained in this Communication are subject to a number of factors, risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; the timing and structure of the Business Combination; changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the Business Combination and the other transactions in connection therewith, including as a result of any regulatory approvals that are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the Business Combination or that the approval of the shareholders of SPAC or the Company is not obtained; the risk that the business combination disrupts current plans and operations of SPAC or the Company as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees including its chief executive officer and executive team; the inability to obtain or maintain the listing of PubCos securities on Nasdaq following the Business Combination; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; risk relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to the Company; the amount of redemption requests made by SPACs shareholders and the amount of funds available in the SPAC trust account; the overall level of demand for the Companys services; general economic conditions and other factors affecting the Companys business; the Companys ability to implement its business strategy; the Companys ability to manage expenses; changes in applicable laws and governmental regulation and the impact of such changes on the Companys business, the Companys exposure to litigation claims and other loss contingencies; the risks associated with negative press or reputational harm; the Companys ability to protect patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights; any breaches of, or interruptions in, the Companys technology infrastructure; changes in tax laws and liabilities; and changes in legal, regulatory, political and economic risks and the impact of such changes on the Companys business. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of PubCos Registration Statement (as defined below), the proxy statement/consent solicitation statement/prospectus discussed below and other documents filed by PubCo or SPAC from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, there may be additional risks that neither SPAC nor the Company presently know, or that SPAC or the Company currently believe are immaterial, that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect SPACs and the Companys expectations, plans, projections or forecasts of future events and view. If any of the risks materialize or SPACs or the Companys assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. SPAC and the Company anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause their assessments to change. However, while PubCo, SPAC and the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, PubCo, SPAC and the Company specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, except as required by law. The inclusion of any statement in this document does not constitute an admission by the Company nor SPAC or any other person that the events or circumstances described in such statement are material. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing SPACs or the Companys assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this document. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. In addition, the analyses of the Company and SPAC contained herein are not, and do not purport to be, appraisals of the securities, assets or business of the Company, SPAC or any other entity.

Important Information About the Proposed Transactions and Where to Find It

This Communication relates to a proposed Business Combination between the Company and SPAC. This document does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The proposed Business Combination will be submitted to the shareholders of the Company and SPAC for their consideration.

5

PubCo intends to file a registration statement on Form F-4 (the Registration Statement) with the SEC which will include preliminary and definitive proxy statements to be distributed to SPACs shareholders in connection with SPACs solicitation for proxies for the vote by SPACs shareholders in connection with the proposed Business Combination and other matters as described in the Registration Statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer of the securities to be issued to the Companys shareholders in connection with the completion of the prosed Business Combination. SPAC and PubCo also will file other documents regarding the proposed Business Combination with the SEC.

After the Registration Statement has been filed and declared effective, SPAC will mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders as of the record date established for voting on the proposed Business Combination. This Communication is not a substitute for the Registration Statement, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus or any other document that SPAC will send to its shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. SPACs shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read, once available, the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus and any amendments thereto and, once available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, in connection with SPACs solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of shareholders to be held to approve, among other things, the proposed transactions, because these documents will contain important information about SPAC, PubCo, the Company and the proposed Business Combination. Shareholders and investors may also obtain a copy of the preliminary or definitive proxy statement, once available, as well as other documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transactions and other documents filed with the SEC by SPAC, without charge, at the SECs website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to SPAC. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the websites referenced in this document is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this document.

INVESTMENT IN ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY NOR HAS ANY AUTHORITY PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

Participants in the Solicitation

SPAC, PubCo and the Company and certain of their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from SPACs shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions. Information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of SPACs shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions will be set forth in PubCos proxy statement/prospectus when it is filed with the SEC. You can find more information about SPACs directors and executive officers in SPACs final prospectus filed with the SEC on August 12, 2024. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus when it becomes available. Shareholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the proxy statement/prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the sources indicated above.

No Offer or Solicitation

This Communication is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities pursuant to the proposed Business Combination or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

6

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description

2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2025, by and among Voyager Acquisition Corp. and Veraxa Biotech AG.

10.1 Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2025, by and among Voyager Acquisition Corp., Veraxa Biotech AG and the other parties named therein.

10.2 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2025, by and among Voyager Acquisition Corp., Voyager Acquisition Sponsor Holdco, LLC and Veraxa Biotech AG.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 23, 2025.

99.2 Investor Presentation, dated April 22, 2025.

99.3 Investor Webcast Transcript.

7

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 23, 2025

VOYAGER ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>voyageracq_ex2-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

by and among

VOYAGER ACQUISITION CORP.,

VERAXA BIOTECH AG

and

Oliver Baumann

dated as of April 22, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 5

Section 1.1. Definitions 5

Section 1.2. Other Definitions 17

Section 1.3. Construction 19

ARTICLE II TRANSACTIONS; CLOSING 20

Section 2.2. The Initial Merger 20

Section 2.3. The Acquisition Merger 22

Section 2.4. Closing Deliverables 23

Section 2.5. Surrender of Company Equity Securities and SPAC Equity Securities and Disbursement of Shareholder Merger Consideration 24

Section 2.6. Dissenters Rights 26

Section 2.7. Withholding 26

Section 2.8. Earnout 27

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 27

Section 3.1. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification 27

Section 3.2. Capitalization and Voting Rights 28

Section 3.3. Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries 29

Section 3.4. Authorization 29

Section 3.5. Consents; No Conflicts 29

Section 3.6. Compliance with Laws; Consents; Permits 30

Section 3.7. Tax Matters 31

Section 3.8. Financial Statements 32

Section 3.9. Absence of Changes 33

Section 3.10. Actions 33

Section 3.11. Liabilities 33

Section 3.12. Commitments 33

Section 3.13. Title; Properties 34

Section 3.14. Intellectual Property Rights 34

Section 3.15. Labor and Employee Matters 36

Section 3.16. Brokers 37

Section 3.17. Proxy/Registration Statement 37

Section 3.18. Environmental Matters 37

Section 3.19. Insurance 37

Section 3.20. Company Related Parties 37

Section 3.21. Investigation 37

Section 3.22. Board Approval 38

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SPAC 38

Section 4.1. Organization, Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification 38

Section 4.2. Capitalization and Voting Rights 38

i

Section 4.3. Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries 39

Section 4.4. Authorization 39

Section 4.5. Consents; No Conflicts 39

Section 4.6. Tax Matters 40

Section 4.7. Financial Statements 40

Section 4.8. Absence of Changes 40

Section 4.9. Actions 41

Section 4.10. Brokers 41

Section 4.11. Proxy/Registration Statement 41

Section 4.12. SEC Filings 41

Section 4.13. Trust Account 41

Section 4.14. Investment Company Act; JOBS Act 42

Section 4.15. Business Activities 42

Section 4.16. Nasdaq Quotation 42

Section 4.17. Board Approval 43

Section 4.18. SPAC Related Parties 43

Section 4.19. No Outside Reliance 43

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUISITION ENTITIES 43

Section 5.1. Organization, Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification 43

Section 5.2. Capitalization and Voting Rights 43

Section 5.3. Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries 44

Section 5.4. Authorization 44

Section 5.5. Consents No Conflicts 44

Section 5.6. Absence of Changes 45

Section 5.7. Actions 45

Section 5.8. Brokers 45

Section 5.9. Proxy/Registration Statement 45

Section 5.10. Investment Company Act JOBS Act 45

Section 5.11. Business Activities 46

Section 5.12. PubCo Incentive Equity Plan 46

Section 5.13. Intended Tax Treatment 46

Section 5.14. Foreign Private Issuer 46

Section 5.15. No Outside Reliance 46

ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN OTHER PARTIES 46

Section 6.1. Conduct of Business 46

Section 6.2. Access to Information 48

Section 6.3. Acquisition Proposals and Alternative Transactions 48

Section 6.4. D&O Indemnification and Insurance 49

Section 6.5. Notice of Developments 50

Section 6.6. Financials 50

Section 6.7. No Trading 51

ii

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF SPAC AND CERTAIN OTHER PARTIES 51

Section 7.1. Trust Account Proceeds and Related Available Equity 51

Section 7.2. Nasdaq Listing 51

Section 7.3. Conduct of Business 51

Section 7.4. Post-Closing Directors and Officers of PubCo 52

Section 7.5. Acquisition Proposals and Alternative Transactions 52

Section 7.6. SPAC Public Filings 53

Section 7.7. Section 16 Matters 53

Section 7.8. Voting of Company Shares 53

ARTICLE VIII JOINT COVENANTS 53

Section 8.1. Regulatory Approvals; Other Filings 53

Section 8.2. Preparation of Proxy/Registration Statement; SPAC Shareholders Meeting and Approvals; Company Shareholders Meeting and Approvals 54

Section 8.3. Support of Transaction 57

Section 8.4. Tax Matters 57

Section 8.5. Stockholder Litigation 58

ARTICLE IX CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS 59

Section 9.1. Conditions to Obligations of SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Company 59

Section 9.2. Conditions to Obligations of SPAC at Initial Closing 59

Section 9.3. Conditions to Obligations of the Company at Initial Closing 60

Section 9.4. Frustration of Conditions 60

ARTICLE X TERMINATION/EFFECTIVENESS 61

Section 10.1. Termination 61

Section 10.2. Effect of Termination 62

Section 10.3. Termination Fee 62

ARTICLE XI INDEMNIFICATION; SURVIVAL 62

Section 11.1. Indemnification 62

Section 11.3. Indemnification Procedures 63

Section 11.4. Certain Limitations 64

Section 11.5. Escrow of Indemnity Escrow Shares 65

Section 11.6. Payment of Indemnification 65

Section 11.7. Survival 65

Section 11.8. Sole and Exclusive Remedy 66

ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 66

Section 12.1. Trust Account Waiver 66

Section 12.2. Shareholder Representative 66

Section 12.3. Waiver 68

Section 12.4. Notices 68

Section 12.5. Assignment 69

iii

Section 12.6. Rights of Third Parties 69

Section 12.7. Expenses 69

Section 12.8. Governing Law 70

Section 12.9. Consent to Jurisdiction 70

Section 12.10. Headings; Counterparts 70

Section 12.11. Disclosure Letters 71

Section 12.12. Entire Agreement 71

Section 12.13. Amendments 71

Section 12.14. Publicity 71

Section 12.15. Confidentiality 72

Section 12.16. Severability 72

Section 12.17. Enforcement 72

Section 12.18. Non-Recourse 72

Section 12.19. Conflicts and Privilege 73

Schedules

SPAC Disclosure Letter 

Company Disclosure Letter 

Schedule 7.5(c) PubCo Officers 

Schedule 8.1(b) Specified Governmental Authorities 

iv

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

This Business Combination Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of April 22, 2025 (the Signing Date), is made and entered into by and among Voyager Acquisition Corp., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (SPAC), Veraxa Biotech AG, a public limited company organized under the Laws of Switzerland (the Company), and Oliver Baumann, an individual, solely in his capacity as representative for the Company Shareholders (the Shareholder Representative).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, SPAC is a blank check company and was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses;

WHEREAS, following the date hereof, and prior to the Initial Closing, Voyager Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Nominee Shareholder), will form a public limited company organized under the Laws of Switzerland (PubCo) with a share capital of CHF100.000. Nominee Shareholder will hold the PubCo shares as a nominee on behalf of SPAC and the SPAC Shareholders, for the purpose of making acquisitions and investments, with the objective of acting as the publicly traded holding company for its investee entities.

WHEREAS, following formation of PubCo, and prior to the Initial Closing, PubCo will form an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, to be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (Merger Sub and, together with PubCo each, individually, an Acquisition Entity and, collectively, the Acquisition Entities), for the purpose of participating in the transactions contemplated herein. Following the formation of each Acquisition Entity, each such Acquisition Entity shall enter into a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to SPAC (each, a Joinder);

WHEREAS, following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, in connection with the Transactions, SPAC and PubCo may enter into subscription agreements with certain investors (the PIPE Investors), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors commit to subscribe for and purchase a specified number of PubCo shares for cash;

WHEREAS, PubCo and SPAC intend that SPAC be merged with and into Merger Sub (the Initial Merger) in accordance with this Agreement with Merger Sub surviving the Initial Merger;

WHEREAS, following the execution of this Agreement, PubCo and SPAC will appoint a contribution agent (in such function, the Contribution Agent) pursuant to a contribution agent agreement as mutually agreed by the parties thereto (the Contribution Agent Agreement) and prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time, (i) Nominee Shareholder will transfer all of the PubCo Ordinary Shares and (ii) the PIPE Investors, if any, will transfer the PIPE Investment Amount to the Contribution Agent;

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the Initial Merger Effective Time and following the transfer of the PubCo Ordinary Shares and the PIPE Investment Amount to the Contribution Agent, (i) SPAC will merge with and into Merger Sub, the separate corporate existence of SPAC will cease and Merger Sub will be the surviving company and wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo; (ii) as part of the Initial Merger, Merger Sub will issue shares of Merger Sub (the Merger Sub Shares) to the Contribution Agent, acting in its own name but for the account of SPAC and the SPAC Shareholders; (iii) following the actions described in clause (ii), the Contribution Agent will contribute such Merger Sub shares to PubCo as a contribution to the capital contribution reserves (Zuschuss in die Kapitaleinlagereserven) of PubCo and PubCo will issue the PubCo Warrants to be transferred and exchanged for the SPAC Warrants and (iv) following the actions undertaken in clause (iii), the Contribution Agent will transfer the PubCo Ordinary Shares to the SPAC Shareholders, and the PubCo Warrants to holders of SPAC Warrants (clauses (i) through (iii), together with the Initial Merger, the SPAC Reorganization);

2

WHEREAS, following the consummation of the SPAC Reorganization, Merger Sub will distribute its assets to PubCo as a liquidating distribution and, as soon as reasonably possible following the Transactions, shall be dissolved under the Laws of the Cayman Islands (the Merger Sub Dissolution);

WHEREAS, not earlier than one Business Day following the SPAC Reorganization, the Company will merge with and into PubCo (the Acquisition Merger and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers), with PubCo being the surviving entity (PubCo is hereinafter referred to for the periods from and after the Acquisition Effective Time as the Surviving Corporation), each Merger to occur upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) (the Cayman Act) and Swiss Law requirements, as applicable;

WHEREAS, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (a) it is intended that the SPAC Reorganization will qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Code, and (b) this Agreement is intended to constitute and hereby is adopted as a plan of reorganization with respect to the SPAC Reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) for purposes of Sections 354, 361 and 368 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (the Intended Tax Treatment);

WHEREAS, the Company has received, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement) signed by the Company, SPAC and Voyager Acquisition Sponsor Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor), pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Sponsor agrees (a) to vote in favor of (i) the Transactions and (ii) the other Transaction Proposals, (b) to appear at the SPAC Shareholders Meeting for purposes of constituting a quorum, (c) to vote against any proposals that would impede the Transactions or any other Transaction Proposal, (d) not to redeem any SPAC Shares held by Sponsor, (e) not to transfer any SPAC Securities held by Sponsor, and (f) to release SPAC, PubCo, the Company and its Subsidiaries from all claims in respect of or relating to the period prior to the Acquisition Closing, subject to the exceptions set forth therein (with the Company agreeing to release the Sponsor and SPAC on a reciprocal basis);

WHEREAS, SPAC has received concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, as a material inducement to SPAC to enter into this Agreement, a Shareholder Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreements (the Shareholder Support Agreements) signed by the Company and certain applicable Company Shareholders, pursuant to which, among other things, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, such Company Shareholders agree (a) to vote in favor of the Transactions, (b) to waive any anti-dilution rights SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares under the SPAC Charter appear at the Company Shareholders Meeting for purposes of constituting a quorum, (c) to vote against any proposals that would impede in any material respect the Transactions, (d) not to transfer any Company Shares held by such Company Shareholders and (e) for the period after the Acquisition Closing specified therein, not to transfer certain PubCo Ordinary Shares held by such Company Shareholders, if any, subject to certain exceptions;

WHEREAS, concurrently with delivery of the Joinder, PubCo will enter into a joinder to the Shareholder Support Agreement and the Sponsor Support Agreement, each in form and substance satisfactory to SPAC and the Company;

3

WHEREAS, on or prior to the Initial Closing, PubCo, SPAC and the warrant agent thereunder have entered into an assignment assumption and amendment agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the parties hereto (the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement), pursuant to which SPAC assigns to PubCo all of its rights, interests, and obligations in and under the Warrant Agreement, which amends the Warrant Agreement to change all references to Warrants (as such term is defined therein) to PubCo Warrants (and all references to Ordinary Shares (as such term is defined therein) underlying such warrants to PubCo Ordinary Shares) and which causes each outstanding PubCo Warrant to represent the right to receive, from the Initial Closing, one whole PubCo Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50;

WHEREAS, on or prior to the Closing, PubCo, Sponsor, SPAC and certain holders of Company Shares shall enter into a registration rights agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the parties hereto (the Registration Rights Agreement), to be effective as of the Acquisition Closing;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of SPAC (the SPAC Board) has unanimously (a) determined that this Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of SPAC and constitute a Business Combination as such term is defined in the SPAC Charter, (b) (i) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, and (ii) approved and declared advisable the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Shareholder Support Agreements, and the execution, delivery and performance thereof, (c) resolved to recommend the adoption of this Agreement by the shareholders of SPAC, and (d) directed that this Agreement be submitted to the shareholders of SPAC for their adoption; and

WHEREAS, (a) the board of directors of Merger Sub is expected to (i) determine that the Initial Merger is fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Merger Sub, (ii) approve and declare advisable this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions and (b) the sole shareholder of Merger Sub is expected to adopt a resolution by written consent approving this Agreement and the Transactions;

WHEREAS, (a) the board of directors of PubCo is expected to (i) determine that it is fair to, advisable and in the best interests of PubCo to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Mergers and the other Transactions, and (ii) approve and declare advisable this Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, and the Shareholder Support Agreements and the execution, delivery and performance thereof and (b) the sole shareholder of PubCo is expected to adopt a resolution by written consent approving this Agreement and the Transactions; and

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Company Board) has (i) determined that this Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions are in the best interests of the Company, (ii) (y) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, and (z) approved and declared advisable the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Shareholder Support Agreements and the execution, delivery and performance thereof, and (ii) resolved to recommend the adoption of this Agreement by the shareholders of the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and intending to be legally bound hereby, SPAC, PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company agree as follows:

4

ARTICLE I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1. Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Acquisition Merger Consideration means the sum of all PubCo Ordinary Shares receivable by Company Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.3(e).

Acquisition Entity has the meaning given in the Recitals hereto;

Action means any charge, claim, action, complaint, petition, investigation, appeal, suit, litigation, arbitration or other similar proceeding, including, without limitation, any tax litigation or appeals against tax assessments and/or tax court proceedings, initiated or conducted by a mediator, arbitrator or Governmental Authority, whether administrative, civil, regulatory or criminal, and whether at law or in equity, or otherwise under any applicable Law;

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Person. In the case of a Person which is a fund or which is directly or indirectly Controlled by a fund, the term Affiliate also includes (a) any of the general partners of such fund, (b) the fund manager managing such fund, any other person which, directly or indirectly, Controls such fund or such fund manager, or any other funds managed by such fund manager and (c) trusts (excluding the Trust Account for all purposes other than for the sole purpose of the release of the proceeds of the Trust Account set forth in Section 7.2) Controlled by or for the benefit of any Person referred to in (a) or (b);

Benefit Plan means any (a) employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA), program, policy, practice, Contract or other arrangement, including any compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred compensation, retirement, profit sharing, incentive, bonus, health, welfare, performance awards, share or share-related awards (including stock option, stock purchase, stock ownership, restricted stock unit, or other equity or equity-based compensation), disability, death benefit, life insurance, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or remuneration of any kind, and (b) any employment, indemnification, consulting, retention or stay-bonus agreement, severance, transaction or change-in control agreement, in each case, whether written, unwritten or otherwise, that is or has been sponsored, maintained, contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Company or its Affiliates for the benefit of any current or former employee, director, commissioner or officer, consultant or contractor of the Company and its Subsidiaries in each case other than any statutory benefit plan mandated by Law;

Business Combination has the meaning given in the SPAC Charter;

Business Data means confidential or proprietary data, databases, data compilations and data collections (including customer databases) technical, business and other information, including Personal Data;

Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open for business in New York, USA, the Cayman Islands and Zurich, Switzerland, except a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday (gazetted or ungazetted and whether scheduled or unscheduled);

Closing Company Accounts means the audited consolidated accounts of the Company as of December 31, 2024;

5

Closing Date shall mean each of the Initial Closing Date and the Acquisition Closing Date;

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986;

Company Accounts means (i) as of the Signing Date, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of the Company Accounts Date, and the audited consolidated statements of income and profit and loss, and cash flows, for the 12 month period ending as of the Company Accounts Date, and (ii) as of the Closing Date, the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of the Company Accounts Date, and the audited consolidated statements of income and profit and loss, and cash flows, for the 12 month period ending as of the Company Accounts Date;

Company Accounts Date means December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024;

Company Acquisition Proposal means (a) any, direct or indirect, acquisition by any third party, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of the Company or of more than 20% of the consolidated total assets, Equity Securities or businesses of the Company and its Controlled Affiliates taken as a whole (whether by merger, consolidation, scheme of arrangement, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, purchase or issuance of Equity Securities, purchase of assets, tender offer or otherwise) other than the Transactions; (b) any direct or indirect acquisition by any third party, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of voting Equity Securities representing more than 20%, by voting power, of the Company (whether by merger, consolidation, recapitalization, purchase or issuance of Equity Securities, tender offer or otherwise) or of the Companys Controlled Affiliates which comprise more than 20% of the consolidated total assets, revenues or earning power of the Company and its Controlled Affiliates taken as a whole other than the Transactions, (c) any direct or indirect acquisition by any third party, in one transaction or a series of transactions, of more than 20% of the consolidated total assets, revenues or earning power of the Company and its Controlled Affiliates taken as a whole, other than by SPAC or its Affiliates or pursuant to the Transactions or (d) the issuance by the Company of more than 20% of its voting Equity Securities as consideration for the assets or securities of a third party (whether an entity, business or otherwise); provided, however, that none of the transactions or potential transactions (should they occur) listed on Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, individually or together with any other transaction or potential transaction (should it occur) listed on Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, shall constitute a Company Acquisition Proposal or be considered in determining whether the percentage thresholds in this definition have been met;

Company Charter means the articles of association of the Company;

Company Contract means any Contract to which a Group Company is a party or by which a Group Company is bound;

Company Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.1 (Organization, Good Standing and Qualification), 3.2 (Capitalization and Voting Rights), 3.3 (Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries), 3.4 (Authorization), 3.7 (Tax Matters), 3.16 (Brokers), 3.14 (Intellectual Property Rights);

6

Company Material Adverse Effect means any Event that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets and liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) the ability of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Acquisition Entities to consummate the Transactions; provided, however, that in no event would any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) any change in applicable Laws or IFRS or any interpretation thereof following the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in interest rates or economic, political, business or financial market conditions generally, (c) the taking of any action expressly required to be taken under this Agreement, (d) any natural disaster (including hurricanes, storms, tornados, flooding, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or similar occurrences), epidemic or pandemic, acts of nature or change in climate, (e) any acts of terrorism or war, the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, geopolitical conditions, local, national or international political conditions, riots or insurrections, (f) any failure in and of itself of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries to meet any projections or forecasts, provided, however, that the exception in this clause (f) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, effect or development underlying such change has resulted in or contributed to a Company Material Adverse Effect, (g) any Events generally applicable to the industries or markets in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries operate, (h) any Events that are cured by the Company prior to the Acquisition Closing, or (i) any worsening of the Events referred to in clauses (b), (d), (e), or (g) to the extent existing as of the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that in each case, any such Event to the extent it disproportionately affects the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relative to other participants in the industries and geographies in which such Persons operate shall not be excluded from the determination of whether there has been, or would reasonably be expected to be, a Company Material Adverse Effect;

Company Shareholder means any holder of any Company Shares;

Company Shares means the Ordinary Shares; provided, that, when referenced herein, shall also mean the Equity Securities of any Subsidiary of the Company, as the context so requires;

Company Transaction Expenses means any out-of-pocket fees and expenses payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (whether or not billed or accrued for) as a result of or in connection with the negotiation, documentation and consummation of the Transactions, including (a) all fees, costs, expenses, brokerage fees, commissions, finders fees and disbursements of financial advisors, investment banks, data room administrators, attorneys, accountants and other advisors and service providers, including consultants and public relations firms, (b) any and all filing fees payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Governmental Authorities in connection with the Transactions and (c) any change in control bonus, transaction bonus, retention bonus, termination or severance payment or payment relating to terminated options, warrants or other equity appreciation, phantom equity, profit participation or similar rights, in any case, to be made to any current or former employee, independent contractor, director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party prior to the Acquisition Closing which become payable (including if subject to continued employment) as a result of the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions along with the employer portion of any related payroll or other employment Taxes;

Competing SPAC means any publicly traded special purpose acquisition company other than SPAC;

Contract means any legally binding written, oral or other agreement, contract, subcontract, lease, instrument, note, option, warranty, purchase order, license, sublicense, mortgage, guarantee, purchase order, insurance policy or commitment or undertaking of any nature that has any outstanding rights or obligations;

Control in relation to any person means (a) the ownership of, or ability to direct the casting of, more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting rights conferred by all the shares then in issue and conferring the right to vote at all general meetings of such Person or (b) the ability to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise, and Controlled, Controlling and under common Control with shall be construed accordingly;

7

Disclosure Letter means, as applicable, the Company Disclosure Letter and the SPAC Disclosure Letter;

DTC means the Depository Trust Company;

Environmental Laws means all Laws concerning pollution, protection of the environment, or human health or safety;

Equity Securities means, with respect to any Person, any capital stock, equity interests, membership interests, partnership interests or registered capital, joint venture or other ownership interests in such person and any options, warrants or other securities (for the avoidance of doubt, including debt securities) that are directly or indirectly convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, such capital stock, equity interests, membership interests, partnership interests or registered capital, joint venture or other ownership interests (whether or not such derivative securities are issued by such Person);

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;

ERISA Affiliate of any entity means each entity that is or was at any time treated as a single employer with such entity for purposes of Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code;

Escrow Agreement means that certain escrow agreement by and among PubCo, the Shareholder Representative and the Sponsor, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the parties thereto.

Event means any event, state of facts, development, change, circumstance, occurrence or effect;

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

Exchange Ratio means the quotient obtained by dividing the Price per Share by $10.00;

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time;

Government Official means any officer, cadre, civil servant, employee or any other person acting in an official capacity for any Governmental Authority (including any political party or official thereof), or to any candidate for political office;

Governmental Authority means the government of any nation, province, state, city, locality or other political subdivision of any thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, taxing or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, regulation or compliance, or any arbitrator or arbitral body;

Governmental Order means any applicable order, ruling, decision, verdict, decree, writ, subpoena, mandate, precept, command, directive, consent, approval, award, judgment, injunction or other similar determination or finding by, before or under the supervision of any Governmental Authority;

Group or Group Companies means the Company and the Subsidiaries, and Group Company means any of them;

8

Indebtedness means with respect to any Person, without duplication, any obligations, contingent or otherwise, in respect of (a) the principal of and premium (if any) in respect of all indebtedness for borrowed money, including accrued interest and any per diem interest accruals, (b) amounts drawn (including any accrued and unpaid interest) on letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances and other similar instruments (solely to the extent such amounts have actually been drawn), (c) the principal of and premium (if any) in respect of obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes and similar instruments, (d) the termination value of interest rate protection agreements and currency obligation swaps, hedges or similar arrangements (without duplication of other indebtedness supported or guaranteed thereby), (e) the principal component of all obligations to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property and equipment which have been delivered, including earn outs and seller notes but excluding payables arising in the Ordinary Course, (f) breakage costs, prepayment or early termination premiums, penalties, or other fees or expenses payable as a result of the consummation of the Transactions in respect of any of the items in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), and (g) all Indebtedness of another Person referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above guaranteed directly or indirectly, jointly or severally;

Indemnified Party means the Sponsor.

Indemnity Escrow Account means the Escrow Account as defined in the Escrow Agreement.

Indemnity Escrow Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2.

Initial Merger Consideration means the sum of all PubCo Ordinary Shares receivable by SPAC Shareholders pursuant to Section 2.2(e)(ii);

Intellectual Property means all intellectual property rights in any and all jurisdictions worldwide, including: (a) Patents, (b) Trademarks, (c) copyrights, and mask works, (d) Trade Secrets, (e) moral rights, rights of publicity or privacy, data base or data collection rights and other similar intellectual property rights, (f) registrations, applications, and renewals for any of the foregoing in (a)-(d), and (g) all rights in the foregoing; provided, however, that the term Intellectual Property shall not include and expressly excludes any Business Data (or any intellectual property or other rights therein);

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940;

IFRS means the International Financial Reporting Standards.

Joinders means joinders to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to SPAC, to be executed and delivered by each Acquisition Entity following their formations.

Knowledge of SPAC or any similar expression means the actual knowledge, following due inquiry, of Warren Hosseinion, M.D. and Adeel Rouf;

Knowledge of the Company or any similar expression means the actual knowledge, following due inquiry, of Christoph Antz, M.D., Heinz Schwer, Torsten Brgermeister, Beat Klaeui, and Oliver R. Baumann;

Law means any statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation or Governmental Order, in each case, of any Governmental Authority, or any provisions or interpretations of the foregoing, including general principles of common and civil law and equity;

Leased Real Property means any real property subject to a Company Lease;

9

Liabilities means debts, liabilities and obligations (including Taxes), whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, deferred or actual, determined or determinable, known or unknown, including those arising under any law, action or Governmental Order and those arising under any Contract;

Licensed IP means Intellectual Property licensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from a third party that is material to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted;

Material Contracts means, collectively, each Company Contract that:

(i) involves obligations (contingent or otherwise), payments or revenues in excess of $250,000 in the last 12 months prior to the date of this Agreement or expected obligations (contingent or otherwise), payments or revenues in excess of $250,000 in the next 12 months after the date of this Agreement;

(ii) is with a Related Party (other than those employment agreements, confidentiality agreements, non-competition agreements or any other agreement of similar nature entered into in the Ordinary Course with employees or technical consultants) with an amount of over $100,000;

(iii) involves (A) indebtedness for borrowed money or (B) an extension of credit, a guaranty, surety or assumption of any obligation or any secondary or contingent Liabilities, deed of trust, or the grant of a Security Interest, in each case with an amount higher than $250,000;

(iv) involves the lease, license, sale, use, disposition or acquisition of a business or assets constituting a business involving purchase price, payments or revenues in excess of $250,000;

(v) involves the waiver, compromise, or settlement of any dispute, claim, litigation or arbitration with an amount higher than $250,000;

(vi) involves the ownership or lease of, title to, use of, or any leasehold or other interest in, any personal property (except for personal property leases in the Ordinary Course and involving payments of less than $250,000 in the last 12 months prior to the date of this Agreement or expected payments of less than $250,000 in the next 12 months after the date of this Agreement);

(vii) involves the establishment, contribution to, or operation of a partnership, joint venture, alliance or similar entity, or involving a sharing of profits or losses (including joint development and joint marketing Contracts), or any investment in, loan to or acquisition or sale of the securities, Equity Securities or assets of any person, involving payments of an amount higher than $250,000;

(viii) is a collective bargaining agreement with a Union; or

(ix) is with a Governmental Authority or sole-source supplier of any product or service (other than utilities), in each case involving payments of an amount higher than $125,000;

10

Merger Sub Dissolution has the meaning given in the Recitals hereto;

Non-Compete Agreements means the noncompete agreements between PubCo and each Person who is a Senior Management Member.

Ordinary Course means, with respect to an action taken or refrained from being taken by a Person, that such action or omission is taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of such Person, or interpretations whether taken prior to or following the date of this Agreement;

Ordinary Shares has the meaning given to that term in the Company Charter;

Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, memorandum and articles of association or similar organizational documents, in each case, as amended;

Owned IP means all Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

Patents means patents, including utility models, industrial designs and design patents, and applications therefor (and any patents that issue as a result of those patent applications), and including all divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, continuing prosecution applications, substitutions, reissues, re-examinations, renewals, provisionals and extensions thereof, and any counterparts worldwide claiming priority therefrom;

Permitted Encumbrance means (a) Security Interests for Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or IFRS; (b) mechanics, carriers, workmens, repairmens, materialmens or other Security Interests arising or incurred in the Ordinary Course in respect of amounts that are not yet due and payable; (c) rights of any third parties that are party to or hold an interest in any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party; (d) defects or imperfections of title, easements, encroachments, covenants, rights-of-way, conditions, matters that would be apparent from a physical inspection or current, accurate survey of such real property, restrictions and other similar charges or Security Interests that do not materially interfere with the present use of the Leased Real Property, (e) with respect to any Leased Real Property (i) the interests and rights of the respective lessors with respect thereto, including any statutory landlord liens and any Security Interests thereon, (ii) any Security Interests permitted under the Company Lease, and (iii) any Security Interests encumbering the real property of which the Leased Real Property is a part, (iv) zoning, building, entitlement and other land use and environmental regulations promulgated by any Governmental Authority that do not materially interfere with the current use of the Leased Real Property, (f) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property entered into in the Ordinary Course, (g) Ordinary Course purchase money Security Interests and Security Interests securing rental payments under operating or capital lease arrangements for amounts not yet due or payable, (h) other Security Interests arising in the Ordinary Course and not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money and on a basis consistent with past practice in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other types of social security, (i) reversionary rights in favor of landlords under any Company Leases with respect to any of the buildings or other improvements owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (j) any other Security Interests that have been incurred or suffered in the Ordinary Course and do not materially impair the existing use of the property affected by such Security Interest and (k) any Security Interest disclosed in Section 1.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter;

Person means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated association, trust, estate, joint venture, joint stock company, Governmental Authority or instrumentality or other entity of any kind;

11

Personal Data means (a) all data and information that, whether alone or in combination with any other data or information, identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a natural person, household, or his, her or its device, including name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, government-issued ID number, customer or account number, health information, financial information, device identifiers, transaction identifier, cookie ID, browser or device fingerprint or other probabilistic identifier, IP addresses, physiological and behavioral biometric identifiers, viewing history, platform behaviors, and any other similar piece of data or information; or (b) all other data or information that is otherwise protected by any Privacy Laws;

Plan of Initial Merger means a plan of merger in respect of the Initial Merger, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Parties;

Price per Share means the quotient of $1,300,000,000 divided by the issued and outstanding Company Shares, on a fully diluted basis;

Privacy Laws means all Laws applicable to or otherwise concerning the Processing of Personal Data, including incident reporting and Security Incident notifying requirements;

Process or Processing means, with respect to Personal Data, the use, collection, creation, processing, receipt, storage, recording, organization, structuring, adaption, alteration, transfer, retrieval, consultation, disclosure, dissemination, making available, alignment, combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of such Personal Data;

Prohibited Person means any Person that is (a) a national or organized under the laws of, or resident in, any U.S. embargoed or restricted country (which, as of the date of this Agreement, consists of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea region of Ukraine), (b) included on any Sanctions-related list of blocked or designated parties (including the United States Commerce Departments Denied Parties List, Entity List, and Unverified List; the U.S. Department of Treasurys Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers List, Specially Designated Terrorists List, Specially Designated Global Terrorists List, or the Annex to Executive Order No. 13224; the Department of States Debarred List; or any list of Persons subject to sanctions issued by the United Nations Security Council, HM Treasury of the United Kingdom, the European Union and Switzerland); (c) owned fifty percent or more, directly or indirectly, by a Person included on any Sanctions-related list of blocked or designated parties, as described in clause (b) above; (d) is a Person acting in his or her official capacity as a director, officer, employee, or agent of a Person included on any Sanctions-related list of blocked or designated parties, as described in clause (b) above; or (e) a Person with whom business transactions, including exports and imports, are otherwise restricted by Sanctions, including, in each clause above, any updates or revisions to the foregoing and any newly published rules;

Proxy Statement means the proxy statement forming part of the Proxy/Registration Statement filed with the SEC, with respect to the SPAC Shareholders Meeting and the Transactions, to be used for the purpose of soliciting proxies from SPAC Shareholders to approve the Transaction Proposals;

PubCo Ordinary Shares means ordinary shares of PubCo, par value $0.000001 per share, as defined in the PubCo Charter;

Registered IP means Owned IP issued by, registered, recorded or filed with, renewed by or the subject of a pending application before any Governmental Authority, Internet domain name registrar or other authority;

12

Related Party means (a) any member, shareholder or equity interest holder who, together with its Affiliates, directly or indirectly holds no less than 5% of the total outstanding share capital of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) any director, commissioner or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case of clauses (a) and (b), excluding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

Representatives of a Person means, collectively, officers, directors, employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel, agents and other representatives of such Person or its Affiliates;

Required Governmental Authorization means all material franchises, approvals, permits, consents, qualifications, certifications, authorizations, licenses, orders, registrations, certificates, variances or other similar permits, rights and all pending applications therefor from or with the relevant Governmental Authority required to operate the business of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries, as currently conducted, in accordance with applicable Law;

Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures (in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted or enforced from time to time by (a) the United States (including the United States Commerce Departments Denied Parties List, Entity List, and Unverified Lists, the U.S. Department of Treasurys Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers List, or Specially Designated Terrorists List, Specially Designated Global Terrorists List, or the Annex to Executive Order No. 13224, and the Department of States Debarred List), (b) the European Union and enforced by its member states, (c) the United Nations Security Council, (d) Her Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom and (e) any other similar economic sanctions administered by a Governmental Authority;

Sarbanes-Oxley Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933;

Security Incident means a data breach or other security incident that results in unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration, corruption, destruction, or loss of Personal Data;

Security Interest means (a) any mortgage, charge (whether fixed or floating), pledge, lien, hypothecation, assignment, deed of trust, title retention, security interest or other similar encumbrance of any kind, including any right granted by a transaction which, in legal terms, is not the granting of security but which has an economic or financial effect similar to the granting of security under applicable Law, (b) any proxy, voting trust agreement, option or transfer restriction in favor of any Person and (c) any adverse claim as to title, possession or use, except for any of the foregoing referred to in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above created by or arising under any Transaction Documents, applicable Law or otherwise arising by statutes;

Senior Management Members means Christoph Antz, M.D., Heinz Schwer, Torsten Brgermeister, Steffen Dickopf, Paul Sauter and Christoph Erkel;

Shareholder Merger Consideration means the Initial Merger Consideration and the Acquisition Merger Consideration, as applicable;

Social Insurance means any form of social insurance required under applicable Law, including social security, employment, unemployment or employee insurance, workmens compensation and medical insurance, and any contribution payable therewith to any Governmental Authority or social welfare organization;

13

SPAC Accounts Date means December 31, 2024;

SPAC Acquisition Proposal means: (a) any, direct or indirect, acquisition, merger, domestication, reorganization, business combination, initial business combination under SPACs initial IPO prospectus or similar transaction, in one transaction or a series of transactions, involving SPAC or involving all or a material portion of the assets, Equity Securities or businesses of SPAC (whether by merger, consolidation, recapitalization, purchase or issuance of equity securities, purchase of assets, tender offer or otherwise); or (b) any equity or similar investment in SPAC or any of its controlled Affiliates, other than the Private Placement;

SPAC Charter means the Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association of SPAC, as adopted by special resolution, dated as of May 31, 2024, as amended or restated from time to time;

SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares means Class A ordinary shares of SPAC, par value $0.0001 per share, as defined in the SPAC Charter;

SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares means Class B ordinary shares of SPAC, par value $0.0001 per share, as defined in the SPAC Charter;

SPAC Material Adverse Effect means any Event that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets and liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of SPAC or (ii) the ability of SPAC to consummate the Transactions; provided, however, that in no event would any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a SPAC Material Adverse Effect: (a) any change in applicable Laws or GAAP or any interpretation thereof following the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in interest rates or economic, political, business or financial market conditions generally, (c) the taking of any action expressly required to be taken under this Agreement, (d) any natural disaster (including hurricanes, storms, tornados, flooding, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or similar occurrences), epidemic or pandemic, acts of nature or change in climate, (e) any acts of terrorism or war, the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, geopolitical conditions, local, national or international political conditions, riots or insurrections, (f) any Events that are cured by SPAC prior to the Acquisition Closing, (g) any change in the trading price or volume of the SPAC Units, SPAC Ordinary Shares or SPAC Warrants (provided that the underlying causes of such changes referred to in this clause (g) may be considered in determining whether there is a SPAC Material Adverse Effect except to the extent such cause is within the scope of any other exception within this definition), or (h) any worsening of the Events referred to in clauses (b), (d), (e) or (f) to the extent existing as of the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that in the case of each of clauses (b), (d) and (e), any such Event to the extent it disproportionately affects SPAC relative to other special purpose acquisition companies shall not be excluded from the determination of whether there has been, or would reasonably be expected to be, a SPAC Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to SPAC, the amount of SPAC Share Redemptions or the failure to obtain SPAC Shareholders Approval shall not be deemed to be a SPAC Material Adverse Effect;

SPAC Ordinary Shares means, collectively, SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares;

SPAC Securities means, collectively, the SPAC Shares and the SPAC Warrants;

SPAC Share Redemption means the election of an eligible (as determined in accordance with the SPAC Charter) holder of SPAC Ordinary Shares to redeem all or a portion of the SPAC Ordinary Shares held by such holder at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to a pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account (including any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, but net of Taxes payable and up to $100,000 to pay dissolution expenses) (as determined in accordance with SPAC Charter) in connection with the Transaction Proposals;

14

SPAC Shareholder means any holder of any SPAC Shares;

SPAC Shareholders Approval means (a) the approval of the Business Combination by Ordinary Resolution (as defined in the SPAC Charter) and the approval of this Agreement, the Plan of Initial Merger and the Initial Merger by an affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the SPAC Shares as, being present and entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy (as determined in accordance with the SPAC Charter) at a SPAC Shareholders Meeting duly called by the SPAC Board held for such purpose and (b) the approval of any other proposals as the SEC (or staff member thereof) indicates (i) are necessary in its comments to the Proxy/Registration Statement or correspondence related thereto and (ii) are required to be approved by the shareholders of SPAC in order for the Acquisition Closing to be consummated;

SPAC Shares means, collectively, SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares;

SPAC Transaction Expenses means any out-of-pocket fees and expenses paid or payable by SPAC, the Acquisition Entities or Sponsor (whether or not billed or accrued for) as a result of or in connection with the negotiation, documentation and consummation of the Transactions, including (a) all fees (including deferred underwriting fees), costs, expenses, brokerage fees, commissions, finders fees and disbursements of financial advisors, investment banks, data room administrators, attorneys, accountants and other advisors and service providers, (b) Transfer Taxes, and (c) any and all filing fees to the Governmental Authorities in connection with the Transactions;

SPAC Unit means the units issued in SPACs IPO or the exercise of the underwriters overallotment option consisting of one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of a SPAC Warrant;

SPAC Warrants means all outstanding and unexercised warrants to acquire SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares;

Subsidiary means, with respect to a Person, an entity of which a majority of both the economic interests and voting interests is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person and, in case of a limited partnership, limited liability company or similar entity, such Person is a general partner or managing member and has the power to direct the policies, management and affairs of such entity, respectively;

Swiss Law means all federal, state, or local laws applicable in Switzerland, as amended from time to time;

Tax or Taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority, including all income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, customs duties, capital stock, ad valorem, value added, inventory, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real property, personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, alternative or add-on minimum, or estimated taxes, and including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, and any liability therefor as a transferee or successor, as a result of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 or similar provision of applicable Law or as a result of any Tax sharing, indemnification or similar agreement, and in each case, whether disputed or not;

15

Tax Returns means all U.S. federal, state, local, provincial and non-U.S. returns, declarations, computations, notices, statements, claims, reports, schedules, forms and information returns, including any attachment thereto or amendment thereof, required or permitted to be supplied to, or filed with, a Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes;

Trade Secrets means confidential or proprietary information and any know how and other inventions, processes, models, methodologies and other information that (a) derives economic value (actual or potential) from not being generally known to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy;

Trademarks means trade names, logos, trademarks, service marks, service names, trade dress, company names, collective membership marks, certification marks, slogans, toll-free numbers, and other forms indicia of origin, whether or not registerable as a trademark in any given country, together with registrations and applications therefor, and the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing;

Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Shareholder Support Agreements, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, the Initial Merger Filing Documents, the Acquisition Merger Filing Documents, the Non-Compete Agreements and any other agreements, documents or certificates entered into or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, and the expression Transaction Document means any one of them;

Transactions means, collectively, the Mergers and each of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents;

Transfer Taxes means any transfer, documentary, sales, use, real property, stamp, registration and other similar Taxes, fees and costs (including any associated penalties and interest) payable in connection with the Transactions;

Union means any union, works council or other employee representative body;

VWAP means, for any security as of any date(s), the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date(s) on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date(s) shall be the fair market value per share on such date(s) as determined in good faith by PubCo; and

Warrant Agreement means the Warrant Agreement, by and between SPAC and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent.

16

Section 1.2. Other Definitions.

A&R Articles of Merger Sub 2.2(c)

Acquisition Closing 2.3(a)

Acquisition Closing Date 2.3(a)

Acquisition Effective Time 2.3(a)

Acquisition Entity V

Acquisition Merger Recitals

Acquisition Merger Filing Documents 2.3(a)

Agreement Preamble

Agreement End Date 10.1(g)

Anticorruption Laws 3.6(d)

Articles of the Surviving Corporation 2.3(c)

Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement Recitals

Assumed Option 2.3(e)(iv)(1)

Cayman Act Recitals

Company Preamble

Company Board Recitals

Company Board Recommendation 8.2(b)(ii)

Company Certificates 2.5(d)

Company Cure Period 10.1(e)

Company Director 2.4(a)(ii)

Company Disclosure Letter III

Company Lease 3.13(b)

Company Material Lease 3.13(b)

Company Non-Recourse Party 12.18

Company Shareholders Approval 3.4

Company Shareholders Meeting 8.2(c)

Dissenting Shares 2.6(a)

Exchange Agent 2.5(a)

Founder Recitals

Initial Closing 2.2(a)

Initial Closing Date 2.2(a)

Initial Merger Recitals

Initial Merger Effective Time 2.2(a)

Initial Merger Filing Documents 2.2(a)

Intended Tax Treatment Recitals

Interim Period 6.1

Investment Amount 4.18(a)

Investors Recitals

IPO 12.1

IT Systems 3.14(d)

JOBS Act 4.14

Letter of Transmittal 2.5(a)

Lost Certificate Affidavit 2.5(f)

Majority Holders 3.6(g)

Material Permits 3.6(g)

Merger Sub Preamble

Merger Sub Share 5.2(a)

Mergers Recitals

Mutual Fund Investors 2.2(a)

17

PIPE Investments Recitals

PIPE Subscription Agreements Recitals

Private Placement Recitals

Pro Rata Basis 11.2

Proxy/Registration Statement 8.2(a)(i)

PubCo Preamble

PubCo Incentive Equity Plan 5.12

PubCo Shares 5.2(a)

PubCo Warrant 2.2(e)(iii)

Registration Rights Agreement Recitals

Regulatory Approvals 8.1(a)

Shareholder Representative Preamble

Shareholder Support Agreements Recitals

SPAC Preamble

SPAC Board Recitals

SPAC Board Recommendation 8.2(b)(ii)

SPAC Certificates 2.5(b)

SPAC Cure Period 10.1(f)

SPAC Director 2.4(a)(ii)

SPAC Disclosure Letter IV

SPAC Financial Statements 4.7(a)

SPAC Non-Recourse Party 12.18

SPAC SEC Filings 4.12

SPAC Shareholders Meeting 8.2(b)(i)

Specified Governmental Authority 8.1(b)

Sponsor Recitals

Sponsor Affiliate Recitals

Sponsor Support Agreement Recitals

Stockholder Certificates 2.5(d)

Stockholder Litigation 85

Subsequent Merger 2.2(f)

Subsequent Survivor 2.2(f)

Surviving Corporation Recitals

Terminating Company Breach 10.1(e)

Termination Fee 10.3(a)

Terminating SPAC Breach 10.1(f)

Transaction Proposals 8.2(a)(i)

Transmittal Documents 2.5(d)

Trust Account 12.1

Trust Agreement 4.13

Trustee 4.13

Veraxa Group 12.19(b)

Voyager Group 12.19(a)

18

Section 1.3. Construction.

(a) Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified, (i) words of any gender shall be construed as masculine, feminine, neuter or any other gender, as applicable; (ii) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (iii) the terms hereof, herein, hereby, herewith, hereto and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement; (iv) the terms Article or Section refer to the specified Article or Section of this Agreement; (v) the terms Schedule or Exhibit refer to the specified Schedule or Exhibit of this Agreement; (vi) the words including, included, or includes shall mean including, without limitation; and shall not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately following it; (vii) the word extent in the phrase to the extent means the degree to which a subject or thing extends and such phrase shall not simply mean if; (viii) the word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive; (ix) the word will shall be construed to have the same meaning as the word shall; (x) unless the context otherwise clearly indicates, each defined term used in this Agreement shall have a comparable meaning when used in its plural or singular form; (xi) words in the singular shall be held to include the plural and vice versa, and words of one gender shall be held to include the other gender as the context requires; (xii) references to written or in writing include in electronic form; and (xiii) a reference to any Person includes such Persons predecessors, successors and permitted assigns;

(b) Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, references to statutes shall include all regulations promulgated thereunder and references to statutes or regulations shall be construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute or regulation.

(c) References to $, dollar, or cents are to the lawful currency of the United States of America.

(d) Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days or months, such number shall refer to calendar days or months unless Business Days are expressly specified. Time periods within or following which any payment is to be made or act is to be done under this Agreement shall be calculated by excluding the calendar day on which the period commences and including the calendar day on which the period ends, and by extending the period to the next following Business Day if the last calendar day of the period is not a Business Day.

(e) All accounting terms used in this Agreement and not expressly defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them under GAAP or, with respect to the Company, IFRS.

(f) Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, references to the Company with respect to periods following the Acquisition Effective Time shall be construed to mean the Surviving Corporation and vice versa.

(g) The table of contents and the section and other headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement and the Exhibits hereto are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the parties hereto, and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any Exhibit hereto.

(h) Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, references to agreements and other documents shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications thereto.

(i) Capitalized terms used in the Exhibits and the Disclosure Letter and not otherwise defined therein have the meanings given to them in this Agreement.

(j) With regard to each and every term and condition of this Agreement, the parties hereto understand and agree that the same has been mutually negotiated, prepared and drafted, and if at any time the parties hereto desire or are required to interpret or construe any such term or condition or any agreement or instrument subject hereto, no consideration shall be given to the issue of which party actually prepared, drafted or requested any term or condition of this Agreement.

19

ARTICLE II

TRANSACTIONS; CLOSING

Section 2.1. Organizational Documents of PubCo. At the Initial Merger Effective Time, PubCos Organizational Documents, as in effect immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time, shall be amended and restated to read in their entirety in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the parties hereto (the PubCo Charter), and, as so amended and restated, shall be the articles of association of PubCo, until thereafter amended in accordance with the terms thereof and applicable Swiss Law.

Section 2.2. The Initial Merger.

(a) Transfer of PubCo Ordinary Shares to Contribution Agent. Prior to the Initial Closing (defined below), Nominee Shareholder shall transfer to the Contribution Agent into escrow the PubCo Ordinary Shares held by Nominee Shareholder, subject to the terms and conditions of the Contribution Agent Agreement.

(b) Initial Merger. On the date which is three Business Days after the first date on which all conditions set forth in Article IX that are required hereunder to be satisfied on or prior to the Initial Closing shall have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Initial Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver thereof), or at such other time or in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by SPAC and the Company in writing, the closing of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Initial Merger (the Initial Closing) shall take place remotely by conference call and exchange of documents and signatures in accordance with Section 12.10. At the Initial Closing, SPAC, PubCo and Merger Sub shall cause SPAC to be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub being the surviving company in the Initial Merger (the day on which the Initial Closing occurs, the Initial Closing Date). On the Initial Closing Date, SPAC and Merger Sub shall execute and cause to be filed with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, the Plan of Initial Merger and such other documents as may be required in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Cayman Act or by any other applicable Law to make the Initial Merger effective (collectively, the Initial Merger Filing Documents). The Initial Merger shall become effective at the time when the Plan of Initial Merger has been accepted for filing by the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands or at such later time as may be agreed by Merger Sub and SPAC in writing with the prior written consent of the Company and specified in the Plan of Initial Merger (the Initial Merger Effective Time).

(c) Effect of the Initial Merger. At and after the Initial Merger Effective Time, the Initial Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement, the Plan of Initial Merger and the applicable provisions of the Cayman Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Initial Merger Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, Liabilities and duties of SPAC and Merger Sub shall vest in and become the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, Liabilities and duties of Merger Sub as the surviving company (including all rights and obligations with respect to the Trust Account), which shall include the assumption by Merger Sub of any and all agreements, covenants, duties and obligations of SPAC and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which SPAC or Merger Sub is a party, and Merger Sub shall thereafter exist as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (until the Merger Sub Dissolution) and the separate corporate existence of SPAC shall cease to exist.

(d) Organizational Documents of Merger Sub. At the Initial Merger Effective Time, the Organizational Documents of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time, shall be the memorandum and articles of association of Merger Sub, until thereafter amended in accordance with the terms thereof and the Cayman Act.

20

(e) Directors and Officers of Merger Sub. At the Initial Merger Effective Time, the board of directors and officers of Merger Sub and SPAC shall cease to hold office, and the board of directors of Merger Sub and the officers of Merger Sub shall be appointed as determined by the Company, each to hold office in accordance with the A&R Articles of Merger Sub until they are removed or resign in accordance with the A&R Articles of Merger Sub or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

(f) Effect of the Initial Merger on Issued Securities of SPAC and Merger Sub. At the Initial Merger Effective Time, by virtue of and as part of the agreed consideration for the Initial Merger and without any action on the part of any party hereto or the holders of securities of SPAC or Merger Sub:

(i) SPAC Units. Each SPAC Unit outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time shall be automatically detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of a SPAC Warrant in accordance with the terms of the applicable SPAC Unit, which underlying SPAC Securities shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable terms of this Section 2.2(f).

(ii) SPAC Ordinary Shares. Immediately following the separation of each SPAC Security in accordance with Section 2.2(f)(i), and subject to Section 2.2(f)(iv) each SPAC Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist. As of the Initial Merger Effective Time, each SPAC Shareholder shall cease to have any other rights in and to SPAC.

(iii) Exchange of SPAC Warrants. Each SPAC Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time shall cease to be a warrant with respect to SPAC Shares and be assumed by PubCo and converted into a warrant to purchase one PubCo Ordinary Share (each, a PubCo Warrant). Each PubCo Warrant shall, to the extent compatible with Swiss Law, continue to have and be subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such SPAC Warrant immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time (including any repurchase rights and cashless exercise provisions) in accordance with the provisions of the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement.

(iv) SPAC Treasury Shares. Notwithstanding clause (ii) above or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if there are any SPAC Shares that are owned by SPAC as treasury shares or any SPAC Shares owned by any direct or indirect subsidiary of SPAC immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time, such SPAC Shares shall be canceled and shall cease to exist without any conversion thereof or payment or other consideration therefor.

(v) Merger Sub Shares. The Merger Sub Shares issued in exchange for the SPAC assets and liabilities transferred to Merger Sub upon consummation of the Initial Merger will be issued to the Contribution Agent, acting in its own name but for the account of the SPAC and the SPAC Shareholders.

(g) Contribution of Merger Sub Shares to PubCo. Immediately after the Initial Merger, and pursuant to the same plan of reorganization, the Contribution Agent shall contribute to PubCo, free and clear of all Liens, the Merger Sub Shares without consideration as an equity contribution into the capital contribution reserves (Zuschuss in die Kapitaleinlagereserven) (the Contribution).

(h) Delivery of PubCo Ordinary Shares to SPAC Shareholders and PubCo Warrants to holders of SPAC Warrants. Following the consummation of the Initial Merger and the Contribution, the Contribution Agent shall deliver to (i) the SPAC Shareholders, the PubCo Ordinary Shares transferred to the Contribution Agent by the Nominee Shareholder, (ii) to the holders of SPAC Warrants, the PubCO Warrants and (iii) newly issued PubCo Ordinary Shares to the PIPE Investors, if any.

21

(i) Merger Sub Dissolution. Following the consummation of the Initial Merger and the Contribution, Merger Sub shall distribute all of its assets and liabilities to PubCo as liquidating distributions and Merger Sub shall adopt a resolution to dissolve under Cayman Law.

Section 2.3. The Acquisition Merger.

(a) Acquisition Merger. As soon as practicable following twenty-four hours following the Initial Merger Effective Time and the time on which all conditions set forth in Article IX that are required hereunder to be satisfied on or prior to the Acquisition Closing shall have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the Acquisition Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver thereof), or at such other time or in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by PubCo (with the prior written consent of the SPAC Director and the Company Director) and the Company in writing, the closing of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Acquisition Merger (the Acquisition Closing) shall take place remotely by conference call and exchange of documents and signatures in accordance with Section 12.10. At the Acquisition Closing, PubCo and the Company shall cause the Company to be merged with and into PubCo, with PubCo being the surviving company in the Acquisition Merger (the day on which the Acquisition Closing occurs, the Acquisition Closing Date). On the Acquisition Closing Date, upon the Acquisition Closing, the Company and PubCo shall execute and cause to be filed to the respective commercial register such documents as may be required in accordance with Swiss Law or by any other applicable Law to make the Acquisition Merger effective (the Acquisition Merger Filing Documents). The Acquisition Merger shall become effective at the time when the Acquisition Merger has been registered with the respective commercial register (the Acquisition Effective Time).

(b) Effect of the Acquisition Merger. At and after the Acquisition Effective Time, the Acquisition Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement, and the applicable provisions of Swiss Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Acquisition Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, Liabilities and duties of the Company and PubCo shall vest in and become the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, Liabilities and duties of PubCo as the surviving company, which shall include the assumption by PubCo of any and all agreements, covenants, duties and obligations of the Company set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company or PubCo is a party, and the separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease to exist.

(c) Organizational Documents of the Surviving Corporation. At the Acquisition Effective Time, PubCos Organizational Documents, as in effect immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time, shall be amended and restated to read in their entirety in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the parties hereto (the Articles of the Surviving Corporation), and, as so amended and restated, shall be articles of association of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended in accordance with the terms thereof and Swiss Law.

(d) Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. At the Acquisition Effective Time, the board of directors and officers of PubCo shall cease to hold office, and the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation and the officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be appointed as determined by the Company, each director and officer to hold office in accordance with the Articles of the Surviving Corporation until they are removed or resign in accordance with the Articles of the Surviving Corporation or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

22

(e) Effect of the Acquisition Merger on Issued Securities of the Company. At the Acquisition Effective Time, by virtue of and as part of the agreed consideration for the Acquisition Merger and without any action on the part of any party hereto or the holders of securities of the Company:

(i) Ordinary Shares. Each Ordinary Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time, other than any (A) shares referred to in Section 2.3(e)(ii) and (B) Dissenting Shares, shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive, upon delivery of the applicable Transmittal Documents in accordance with Section 2.5, such fraction of a newly issued PubCo Ordinary Share that, to the extent compatible with applicable Swiss Law, is equal to the Exchange Ratio, without interest, subject to rounding pursuant to Section 2.5(i). As of the Acquisition Effective Time, each Company Shareholder shall cease to have any other rights in and to the Company or the Surviving Corporation (other than the rights set forth in Section 2.6(a)).

(ii) Treasury Shares. Notwithstanding clause (i) above or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if there are any Company Shares that are owned by the Company as treasury shares or any Company Shares owned by any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time, such Company Shares shall, to the extent compatible with Swiss Law, be canceled and shall cease to exist without any conversion thereof or payment or other consideration therefor.

(iii) Dissenting Shares. Each of the Dissenting Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time shall be cancelled and cease to exist in accordance with Section 2.6(a) and shall thereafter represent only the right to receive the applicable payments set forth in Section 2.6(a).

Section 2.4. Closing Deliverables.

(a) At the Initial Closing,

(i) the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to SPAC, a certificate signed by an officer of the Company, dated as of the Initial Closing Date, certifying that the conditions specified in Section 9.2 have been fulfilled;

(ii) SPAC shall deliver or cause to be delivered to PubCo a resignation letter, duly executed by the SPAC Director, providing for the SPAC Directors automatic resignation from the board of directors of PubCo upon the Acquisition Closing; and

(iii) SPAC shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, a certificate signed by an officer of SPAC, dated as of the Initial Closing Date, certifying that the conditions specified in Section 9.3 have been fulfilled.

(b) At the Acquisition Closing,

(i) PubCo shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company copies of the written resignations of (A) all of the directors and officers of PubCo, effective as of the Acquisition Effective Time and (B) of all the directors and officers of SPAC and Merger Sub, effective as of the Initial Merger Effective Time;

23

(ii) PubCo shall pay or cause to be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds (A) all accrued and unpaid Company Transaction Expenses and (B) all accrued and unpaid SPAC Transaction Expenses, each as set forth on a written statement to be delivered to PubCo by or on behalf of the Company and SPAC, respectively, not less than two Business Days prior to the Acquisition Closing Date, which shall include the respective amounts and wire transfer instructions for the payment thereof, provided that in case such Company Transaction Expenses or SPAC Transaction Expenses shall be paid by issuance of PubCo Ordinary Shares, settlement thereof shall occur as of the Acquisition Closing Date.

Section 2.5. Surrender of Company Equity Securities and SPAC Equity Securities and Disbursement of Shareholder Merger Consideration.

(a) Prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time, PubCo shall appoint Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as exchange agent, or another exchange agent reasonably acceptable to the Company (in such capacity, the Exchange Agent), for the purpose of exchanging (i) Company Shares for a number of PubCo Ordinary Shares and (ii) SPAC Ordinary Shares for a number of PubCo Ordinary Shares, each in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan of Initial Merger and applicable Laws. At or as promptly as practicable following the Initial Merger Effective Time or the Acquisition Effective Time, as the case may be, PubCo shall send, or shall cause the Exchange Agent to send, to each Company Shareholder a letter of transmittal for use in such exchange, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and SPAC (each a Letter of Transmittal).

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.5, any obligation on PubCo under this Agreement to issue PubCo Ordinary Shares to (i) SPAC Shareholders entitled to PubCo Ordinary Shares or (ii) Company Shareholders entitled to receive PubCo Ordinary Shares shall be satisfied by PubCo issuing such PubCo Ordinary Shares to the DTC or to such other clearing service or issuer of depositary receipts (or their nominees, in either case) as may be necessary or expedient, and each SPAC Shareholder and Company Shareholder shall hold such PubCo Ordinary Shares in book-entry form or through a holding of depositary receipts and the DTC or its nominee or the relevant clearing service or issuer of depositary receipts (or their nominees, as the case may be), will be the holder of record of such PubCo Ordinary Shares.

(c) Each SPAC Shareholder shall be entitled to receive its portion of the Initial Merger Consideration in respect of the SPAC Ordinary Shares and in the form of Merger Sub Shares as set forth in Section 2.2(f)(iv) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Initial Merger Effective Time.

(d) Each Company Shareholder shall be entitled to receive its portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration in respect of the Ordinary Shares and in the form of PubCo Ordinary Shares, as set forth in Section 2.3(e)(i) and (ii) (excluding any Company Shares described in Section 2.3(e)(iii) or Dissenting Shares), as soon as reasonably practicable after the Acquisition Effective Time, but subject, to the extent compatible with Swiss Law, to the delivery to the Exchange Agent of the following items prior thereto: (i) the certificate(s), if any, representing such Company Shares (Company Certificates and together with the SPAC Certificates, the Stockholder Certificates (or a Lost Certificate Affidavit)) and (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (the documents to be submitted to the Exchange Agent pursuant to this sentence and the first sentence of Section 2.5(c), as applicable, may be referred to herein collectively as the Transmittal Documents). Until so surrendered, each such Company Certificate shall represent after the Acquisition Effective Time for all purposes only the right to receive such portion of the Acquisition Merger Consideration attributable to such Company Shares (as evidenced by the Company Certificate).

24

(e) To the extent permitted by applicable Laws, if any portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration is to be delivered or issued to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Stockholder Certificate is registered immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time or Acquisition Effective Time, as applicable, it shall be a condition to such delivery that (i) in the case of Company Shares, the transfer of such Company Shares shall have been permitted in accordance with the terms of the Company Charter and in case of SPAC Shares, the transfer of such SPAC Shares shall have been permitted in accordance with the terms of the SPAC Charter, (ii) the recipient of such portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration, or the Person in whose name such portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration is delivered or issued, shall have already executed and delivered duly executed counterparts to the applicable Transmittal Documents as are reasonably deemed necessary by the Exchange Agent and (iii) the Person requesting such delivery shall have paid to the Exchange Agent any transfer or other Taxes required as a result of such delivery to a Person other than the registered holder of such Stockholder Certificate, or establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and to the extent permitted by applicable Law, in the event that any Stockholder Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, in lieu of delivery of a Stockholder Certificate to the Exchange Agent, the SPAC Shareholder or Company Shareholder, as applicable, may instead deliver to the Exchange Agent an affidavit of lost certificate and indemnity of loss in form and substance reasonably acceptable to PubCo (a Lost Certificate Affidavit), which at the reasonable discretion of PubCo may include a requirement that the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Stockholder Certificate deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against PubCo, SPAC or the Surviving Corporation with respect to the Company Shares or SPAC Shares, as applicable, represented by the Stockholder Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. Any Lost Certificate Affidavit properly executed and delivered in accordance with this Section 2.5(f) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be treated as a Stockholder Certificate for all purposes of this Agreement.

(g) After the Acquisition Effective Time, the shareholders register of the Company shall be closed, and thereafter there shall be no further registration on the shareholders register of the Surviving Corporation of transfers of Company Shares that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time. After the Initial Merger Effective Time, the register of members of SPAC shall be closed, and thereafter there shall be no further registration on the register of members of SPAC of transfers of SPAC Shares that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time. No dividends or other distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with respect to PubCo Ordinary Shares with a record date after the Acquisition Effective Time (in the case of Company Shares) or the Initial Merger Effective Time (in the case of SPAC Shares) will be paid to the holders of any Company Shares that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time or SPAC Shares that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time (as applicable) in either case until the holders of record of such Company Shares or SPAC Shares (as applicable) shall have provided the applicable Transmittal Documents in accordance with Section 2.5(c) and Section 2.5(d). Subject to applicable Law, following the delivery of the applicable Transmittal Documents, the Exchange Agent shall promptly deliver to the record holders thereof, without interest, the applicable Shareholder Merger Consideration and the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Acquisition Effective Time or the Initial Merger Effective Time, as applicable, theretofore paid with respect to such PubCo Ordinary Shares.

(h) All securities issued upon the surrender of Stockholder Certificates (or delivery of a Lost Certificate Affidavit) in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to SPAC Shares or Company Shares, as applicable, represented by such Stockholder Certificates. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, any portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration made available to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 2.5(a) that remains unclaimed by SPAC Shareholders or Company Shareholders one year after the Initial Merger Effective Time shall be returned to PubCo, upon demand, and any such SPAC Shareholder or Company Shareholder, as applicable, who has not exchanged its SPAC Shares or Company Shares, as applicable, for the applicable portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration in accordance with this Section 2.5 prior to that time shall thereafter look only to PubCo for payment of the portion of the Shareholder Merger Consideration in respect of such SPAC Shares or Company Shares, as applicable, without any interest thereon (but with any dividends paid with respect thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Surviving Corporation, PubCo or any party hereto or any Representative of any of the foregoing shall be liable to any Person for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.

25

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no fraction of a PubCo Ordinary Share will be issued by virtue of the Mergers or the other Transactions, and each Person who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a PubCo Ordinary Share (after aggregating all fractional shares of the applicable class of PubCo Ordinary Shares that otherwise would be received by such holder) shall instead have the number of PubCo Ordinary Shares of the applicable class issued to such Person rounded up in the aggregate to the nearest whole PubCo Ordinary Share of such class.

Section 2.6. Dissenters Rights.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary and to the extent available under Swiss Law, Company Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to the Acquisition Effective Time and that are held by shareholders of the Company who shall have demanded properly in writing dissenters rights for such Company Shares in accordance with Article 8 of the Swiss Merger Act and otherwise complied with all of the provisions of Swiss Law relevant to the exercise and perfection of dissenters rights (the Dissenting Shares) shall not be converted into, and such shareholders shall have no right to receive, the applicable Shareholder Merger Consideration unless and until such shareholder fails to perfect or withdraws or otherwise loses his, her or its right to dissenters rights under Swiss Law. The Company Shares owned by any Company Shareholder who fails to perfect or who effectively withdraws or otherwise loses his, her or its dissenters rights pursuant to Swiss Law shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted into, and to have become exchangeable for, as of the Acquisition Effective Time, the right to receive the applicable Shareholder Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon.

(b) Prior to the Acquisition Closing, the Company shall give PubCo prompt notice of any demands for dissenters rights received by the Company and any withdrawals of such demands and the Company and PubCo shall reasonably cooperate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such dissenters rights in accordance with applicable Swiss Law.

Section 2.7. Withholding. Each of the Surviving Corporation, PubCo and Merger Sub (and their Affiliates and Representatives) shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law. Other than in respect of amounts subject to compensatory withholding, the Surviving Corporation, PubCo or Merger Sub (or their Affiliates or Representatives) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Person in respect of whom such deduction or withholding is expected to be made at least five Business Days prior to making any such deduction or withholding, which notice shall be in writing and include the amount of and basis for such deduction or withholding. The Surviving Corporation, PubCo or Merger Sub (or their Affiliates or Representatives), as applicable, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with such Person to reduce or eliminate any such requirement to deduct or withhold to the extent permitted by Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation, PubCo or Merger Sub (or their Affiliates or Representatives), as the case may be, and timely paid over to the appropriate taxing authority, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.

26

Section 2.8. Earnout.

(a) Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 2.8(c) below, the Company Shareholders shall have the right to receive an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 additional PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Earnout Shares) during each of the three fiscal years after the Closing Date in accordance with this Section 2.10 and applicable Swiss Law. PubCo shall issue and the Company Shareholders shall have the right to receive their respective portions of the Earnout Shares as described in the immediately following sentence. In the event (each, an Earnout Event) that:

(i) the VWAP of the PubCo Shares equals or exceeds $11.00 for 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period prior to December 31, 2026 (the Initial VWAP Condition), then PubCo shall issue an aggregate of 1,667 PubCo Shares (the Initial VWAP Shares) to the Company Shareholders;

(ii) the VWAP of the PubCo Shares equals or exceeds $12.50 for 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period prior to December 31, 2027 (the Second VWAP Condition), then PubCo shall issue to the Company Shareholders (A) an aggregate of 1,667 PubCo Shares (the Second VWAP Shares), and (B) if the Initial VWAP Shares have not been issued pursuant to Section 2.8(a)(i), the Initial VWAP Shares; and

(iii) the VWAP of the PubCo Shares equals or exceeds $14.00 for 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period prior to December 31, 2028 (the Third VWAP Condition and together with the Initial VWAP Condition and the Second VWAP Condition, each a VWAP Condition), then PubCo shall issue to the Company Shareholders (A) an aggregate of 1,666 PubCo Shares to the Company Shareholders, (b) if the Initial VWAP Shares have not been issued pursuant to Section 2.8(a)(i) or Section 2.8(a)(ii), the Initial VWAP Shares, and (c) if the Second VWAP Shares have not been issued pursuant to Section 2.8(a)(ii), the Second VWAP Shares.

(b) Issuances of Earnout Shares, if any, shall be made promptly (and in any event no later than the third Business Day) following, as applicable, (i) the filing of PubCos Annual Report on Form 20-F for the applicable period or (ii) satisfaction of a VWAP Condition. PubCo shall, or shall cause its transfer agent to, provide evidence of such issuance to each Company Shareholder promptly thereafter.

(c) The applicable number of Earnout Shares issued for each applicable Earnout Event, if any, shall be subject to equitable adjustment for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions affecting the PubCo Shares after the Closing.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to SPAC and each Acquisition Entity the following, except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered to SPAC and the Acquisition Entities by the Company on the date of this Agreement (the Company Disclosure Letter), which exceptions shall, subject to Section 12.11, be deemed to be part of the representations and warranties made hereunder.

Section 3.1. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. Each Group Company has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. Each Group Company is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the Group Companys jurisdiction of formation) as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation (or other entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the Group Companys jurisdiction of formation), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company Charter and the Shareholders Agreement, each as in effect as of the date of this Agreement and as previously made available by or on behalf of the Company to SPAC, are true and correct.

27

Section 3.2. Capitalization and Voting Rights.

(a) The Company and its Subsidiaries.

(i) The validly issued share capital, registered capital or charter capital of each Group Company as of the date of this Agreement is set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. With respect to the share capital of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, the following (on an aggregate, and not holder-by-holder, basis): (A) outstanding Ordinary Shares, by class or series; (B) outstanding Preferred Shares, by class or series, if any, for the avoidance of doubt, with regard to (A) and (B), including any outstanding Ordinary Shares or Preferred Shares, if any, as registered in the commercial register as well as any outstanding Ordinary Shares or Preferred Shares issued out of conditional share capital based on exercised option or conversion rights not yet registered in the commercial register; (C) warrants and other share purchase rights, if any; (D) outstanding share options, restricted share units and other equity incentive awards; and (E) reserved but unissued shares under any equity incentive plan of the Company.

(ii) All Company Shares that are issued and outstanding (A) have been duly authorized and have been validly issued and are fully paid, not liable for additional contributions (keine Nachschusspflicht) and no repayments or refunds in whole or in part, neither openly nor concealed have been made, nor have any stocks, shares or other participations been reduced or impaired by losses or drawings, (B) were issued, in compliance in all material respects with applicable Law, and (C) were not issued in breach or violation of any preemptive rights or Contract. No concealed contributions in kind (verdeckte Sacheinlagen) have been made into Group Companies.

(b) No Other Securities. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, as of the date of this Agreement, (i) there are no other authorized, outstanding or issued Equity Securities of any Group Company; (ii) no Group Company is obligated to issue, sell or transfer any Equity Securities of such Group Company other than Equity Securities issuable upon conversion of Preferred Shares; (iii) no Group Company has granted any registration rights or information rights to any other Person, nor is any Group Company obliged to list any of its Equity Securities on any securities exchange; (iv) there are no phantom shares, virtual shares or virtual options, and there are no voting or similar agreements entered into by a Group Company which relate to the share capital, registered capital or charter capital of such Group Company; and (v) no Group Company has outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the shareholders of such Group Company on any matter or any agreements to issue such bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations and (vi) the Companys share register, the register of beneficial owners and the share transfer records are complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with good business practices and the applicable legal requirements.

(c) Options, Restricted Stock and RSUs of Senior Management Members. Section 3.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth each outstanding stock option, share of restricted stock and restricted stock unit held by a Senior Management Member and issued by the Company, including, with respect to each award, as applicable, (i) the holder, (ii) the number of units or shares underlying the award, and (iii) the exercise price.

28

Section 3.3. Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries.

(a) Except as set forth in Section 3.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter, as of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to make any investment in, or capital contribution to, or on behalf of, any other Person (other than the Company and any of its Subsidiaries) in excess of $250,000 individually or $500,000 in the aggregate.

(b) The Company holds undivided and unrestricted title to all shareholdings attributed to its Subsidiaries. The Company Shares of Subsidiaries are free of any claims, rights and privileges of third parties. In particular, neither liens, security interests, usage rights, fiduciary relationships or similar rights, nor conversion rights, call options, pre-emption rights or option rights or similar purchase options of third parties exist, including rights regarding the issuance of new shares or regarding the granting of voting rights. There are no agreements or obligations as to the granting of such rights to third parties, and no third party has asserted any such claims.

Section 3.4. Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder, subject to receipt of the Company Shareholders Approval. Except for the Company Shareholders Approval, all corporate actions on the part of the Company necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and the performance of all its obligations hereunder and thereunder (including any board approval) have been taken prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, subject to the filing of the Acquisition Merger Filing Documents. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is or will be a party is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (b) as limited by applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. The only vote of holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Company necessary to approve and adopt this Agreement and the Transactions contemplated hereby is the respective vote required under the Company Charter (collectively, the Company Shareholders Approval).

Section 3.5. Consents; No Conflicts. Assuming the representations and warranties in Article IV and Article V are true and correct, except (a) as otherwise set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter, (b) for the Company Shareholders Approval, (c) for the registration or filing with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, the SEC or applicable state blue sky or other securities laws filings with respect to the Transactions and (d) for such other filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents the failure of which to be obtained or made would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, all filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation of the Transactions, in each case on the part of the Company, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party by the Company does not, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) (assuming compliance with the matters referred to in clauses (a) through (d) of the immediately preceding sentence) result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of any Group Company) or cancellation under, (A) any Governmental Order, (B) any provision of the Organizational Documents of any Group Company, each as currently in effect, (C) any applicable Law, (D) any Material Contract or (ii) result in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of any Group Company other than any restrictions under federal or state securities laws, this Agreement, the Company Charter and Permitted Encumbrances or (iii) result in the filing or commencement of insolvency proceedings or other enforcement measures upon any of the properties or assets of any Group Company or (iv) result in the repayment of any governmental subsidies, except in the case of sub-clauses (A), (C), and (D) of clause (i), as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

29

Section 3.6. Compliance with Laws; Consents; Permits. Except as disclosed in Section 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Letter:

(a) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries are, and have been since December 31, 2022, in compliance with all applicable Law; and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, to the Knowledge of the Company, under investigation with respect to a violation of any applicable Law.

(b) Since December 31, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any letter or other written communication from, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there has not been any public notice of a type customary as a form of notification of such matters in the jurisdiction by, any Governmental Authority threatening in writing or providing notice of (i) the revocation or suspension of any Required Governmental Authorizations issued to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) the need for compliance or remedial actions in respect of the activities carried out by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which revocation, suspension, compliance or remedial actions (or the failure of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to undertake them) would have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c) As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in any proceedings, demands, inquiries, or hearings or, to the Knowledge of the Company, investigations, before any court, statutory or governmental body, department, board or agency relating to applicable Anticorruption Laws or Sanctions, and to the Knowledge of the Company, no such proceeding, demand, inquiry, investigation or hearing has been threatened in writing.

(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, commissioners, officers, employees, agents or any other Persons acting for or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has: (i) made any bribe, influence payment, kickback, payoff, benefits or any other type of payment (whether tangible or intangible) that would be unlawful under any applicable anti-bribery or anticorruption (governmental or commercial) laws (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any guiding, detailing or implementing regulations), including Laws that prohibit the corrupt payment, offer, promise or authorization of the payment or transfer of anything of value (including gifts or entertainment), directly or indirectly, to any Government Official or commercial entity to obtain a business advantage such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (collectively, Anticorruption Laws); (ii) been in violation of any Anticorruption Law, offered, paid, promised to pay, or authorized any payment or transfer of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any person for the purpose of (A) influencing any act or decision of any Government Official in his official capacity, (B) inducing a Government Official to do or omit to do any act in relation to his lawful duty, (C) securing any improper advantage, (D) inducing a Government Official to influence or affect any act, decision or omission of any Governmental Authority, or (E) assisting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any agent or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in obtaining or retaining business for or with, or in directing business to, any Person; or (iii) accepted or received any contributions, payments, gifts, or expenditures that would be unlawful under any Anticorruption Law.

(e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, commissioners or officers has ever been found by a Governmental Authority to have violated any Anticorruption Laws or is subject to any indictment or any government investigation with respect to any Anticorruption Laws.

30

(f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, commissioners, officers or employees, or any agent or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is a Prohibited Person, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Prohibited Person has been given an offer to become an employee, officer, consultant, director or commissioner of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly conducted or agreed to conduct any business, or knowingly entered into or agreed to enter into any transaction with a Prohibited Person or otherwise violated Sanctions.

(g) Each of the Group Companies has all approvals, authorizations, clearances, licenses, registrations, permits or certificates of a Governmental Authority (the Material Permits) that are required to own, lease or operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to hold the same would not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.7. Tax Matters.

(a) Except in each case as to matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Group Companies, (i) each of the Group Companies has duly and timely filed all Tax Returns which are required to be filed by or with respect to it, and has paid all Taxes which have become due; (ii) all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete and accurate and disclose all Taxes required to be paid; (iii) except as set forth on Schedule 3.7(a), all such Tax Returns have been examined by the relevant Governmental Authority or the period for assessment for Taxes in respect of such Tax Returns has expired; (iv) there is no Action, pending or proposed in writing or, to the knowledge of the Group Companies, threatened, with respect to Taxes of the Group Companies or for which a Security Interest may be imposed upon any of the Group Companies assets; (v) no statute of limitations in respect of the assessment or collection of any Taxes of the Group Companies for which a Security Interest may be imposed on any of the Group Companies assets has been waived or extended, which waiver or extension is in effect, except for automatic extensions of time to file Tax Returns obtained in the ordinary course of business; (vi) each Group Company has complied with all applicable Laws relating to the reporting, payment, collection and withholding of Taxes and has duly and timely withheld or collected, paid over to the applicable Governmental Authority and reported all Taxes (including income, social, security and other payroll Taxes) required to be withheld or collected by the Group Companies; (vii) none of the assets of any Group Company is required to be treated as owned by another Person for U.S. federal income Tax purposes pursuant to Section 168(f)(8) of the Code (as in effect prior to its amendment by the Tax Reform Act of 1986); (viii) there is no Security Interest (other than Permitted Encumbrances) for Taxes upon any of the assets of the Group Companies; (ix) there is no outstanding request for a ruling from any Governmental Authority, request for a consent by a Governmental Authority for a change in a method of accounting, subpoena or request for information by any Governmental Authority, or closing agreement with any Governmental Authority (within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code or any analogous provision of applicable Law), with respect to any Group Company; (x) except as set forth on Schedule 3.7(a), no claim has been made by a Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where any Group Company has not paid any tax or filed Tax Returns, asserting that such Group Company is or may be subject to Tax in such jurisdiction; (xi) there is no outstanding power of attorney from any Group Company authorizing anyone to act on behalf of the Group Companies in connection with any Tax, Tax Return or Action relating to any Tax or Tax Return of the Group Companies; (xii) no Group Company is, or has ever been, a party to any Tax sharing or Tax allocation Contract, other than any customary commercial contract the principal subject of which is not Taxes; (xiii) no Group Company is currently or has ever been included in any consolidated, combined or unitary Tax Return other than a Tax Return that includes only the Group Companies; and (xiv) none of the Group Companies (A) is a surrogate foreign corporation or expatriated entity within the meaning of Section 7874 of the Code or any analogous provision of the applicable Law, (B) is treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal Tax purposes by reason of the application of Sections 269B or 7874(b) of the Code or any analogous provision of the applicable Law or (C) was created or organized in the United States such that such entity would be taxable in the United States as a domestic entity pursuant to the dual charter provision of Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701- 5(a) or any analogous provision of applicable Law.

31

(b) The unpaid Taxes of the Group Companies for the current fiscal year did not, as of the most recent fiscal month end, exceed the reserve for Tax liability (other than any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the Company Accounts.

(c) The Group Companies are not aware of the existence of any fact, or any action any of them has taken (or failed to take) or agreed to take, that would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Transactions from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment. This Section 3.7(c) shall not apply to any fact or action specifically contemplated under this Agreement.

Section 3.8. Financial Statements.

(a) The Company has delivered to SPAC the Company Accounts. The Company Accounts (a) were prepared in accordance with the books and records of the Company and its subsidiaries, (b) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and position of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the dates indicated therein, and the results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated therein and (c) with respect only to the Company Accounts as of the Closing Date, were prepared in accordance with IFRS applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved. are subject to normal year-end adjustments and (d) with respect only to the Company Accounts as of the Signing Date, do not include the footnotes required under IFRS.

(b) All financial statements delivered by the Company in accordance with Section 6.6 will, when so delivered, (i) have been prepared in accordance with the books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and position of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the dates indicated therein, and the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated therein, (iii) have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except that any such unaudited financial statements (A) will be subject to normal year-end adjustments, (B) will not include the footnotes required under IFRS and (C) may not contain a cash flow statement, (iv) in the case of any audited financial statements, will be audited in accordance with the standards of the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and (v) comply in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and with the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act applicable to a registrant, in effect as of the respective dates thereof (including, to the extent applicable to the Company, Regulation S-X).

(c) The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls which the Company reasonably believes is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

32

(d) None of the members of the Companys board of directors has been made aware in writing of (i) any fraud that involves the Companys management who have a role in the preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by the Company or (ii) any allegation, assertion or claim that the Company has engaged in any material questionable accounting or auditing practices which violate applicable Law. No attorney representing the Company, whether or not employed by the Company, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities Laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar material violation by the Company to the Company Board or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of the Company.

Section 3.9. Absence of Changes. Except as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter, since the Company Accounts Date, (a) to the date of this Agreement the Group Companies have operated their business in the Ordinary Course and collected receivables and paid payables and similar obligations in the Ordinary Course and (b) there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.10. Actions. Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter or as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (a) there is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (b) there is no judgment or award unsatisfied against the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, nor is there any Governmental Order in effect and binding on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or properties.

Section 3.11. Liabilities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any Liabilities, except for Liabilities (a) set forth in the Company Accounts that have not been satisfied since the Company Accounts Date, (b) that are Liabilities incurred since the Company Accounts Date in the Ordinary Course, (c) that are executory obligations under any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound, (d) set forth in Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter, (e) arising under this Agreement or other Transaction Documents or (f) which would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.12. Commitments.

(a) Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true and correct list of all Material Contracts as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of this Agreement no Group Company is a party to or bound by any Material Contract that is not listed in Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter.

(b) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Material Contract listed on Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter is a valid and binding agreement of the applicable Group Company, the performance of which by such Group Company does not violate any applicable Law or Governmental Order, and each such Material Contract is in full force and effect and enforceable against the parties thereto in accordance with its terms, except (A) as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other Laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (B) as may be limited by Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other remedies in the nature of equitable remedies; and (ii) the applicable Group Company has duly performed all of its obligations under each such Material Contract to which it is a party to the extent that such obligations to perform have accrued, and no breach or default, alleged breach or alleged default, or event which would (with the passage of time, notice or both) constitute a breach or default thereunder by the Group Company with respect thereto, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party or obligor with respect thereto, has occurred (except for a breach or default of a type or nature expressly addressed in clause (D) of the last sentence of Section 3.5). The Material Contracts do not contain any change of control clauses which might be triggered by the Acquisition Closing.

33

Section 3.13. Title; Properties.

(a) Each of the Group Companies has good and valid title to all of the assets (other than Intellectual Property and Business Data, which in each case is addressed in Section 3.14) owned by it, whether tangible or intangible (including those reflected in the Company Accounts, together with all assets (other than Intellectual Property and Business Data, which in each case is addressed in Section 3.14) acquired thereby since the Company Accounts Date, but excluding any tangible or intangible assets that have been disposed of since the Company Accounts Date in the Ordinary Course), and in each case free and clear of all Security Interests, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

(b) As of the date of this Agreement, no Group Company owns or has, or had ever owned or had, legal or equitable title or other right or interest in any real property other than as held pursuant to their respective leases or leasehold interests (including tenancies) in such property (each Contract evidencing such interest, a Company Lease, and any Company Lease involving rent payments in excess of $250,000 on an annual basis, a Company Material Lease). Section 3.13(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth as of the date of this Agreement the parties to each Company Material Lease and the address of the property demised under each such Company Material Lease. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each Company Lease is in compliance with applicable Law and all Governmental Orders required under applicable Law in respect of any Company Lease have been obtained, including with respect to the operation of property and conduct of business as now conducted by the applicable Group Company which is a party to such Company Lease.

Section 3.14. Intellectual Property Rights.

(a) Section 3.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list as of the date of this Agreement of all Registered IP and Licensed IP, including for each (as applicable) the relevant name or description, registration/certification or application number, and filing, registration or issue date. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, either the Company or its applicable Subsidiary has taken reasonable and appropriate steps to make required filings and registrations (and corresponding payments of fees therefor) to Governmental Authorities in connection with registrations and applications for the Registered IP material to the operation of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Each item of Registered IP is subsisting, and to the Knowledge of the Company, valid and enforceable, except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess all right, title and interest in and to any material Owned IP, including each item of Registered IP, free and clear of any Security Interests other than Permitted Encumbrances. No current or former employee, director, officer, independent contractor or consultant or third-party of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled to a right or claim of any kind against any of the Group Companies on the basis of the German Law on Employee Inventions (Gesetz ber Arbeitnehmererfindungen, ArbnErfG) or on any other basis, such as, but not limited to, a remuneration right or a right to use the invention in the context of teaching or research activities.

(b) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and to the Knowledge of the Company, the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not violated, infringed or misappropriated any Intellectual Property or Business Data of any Person since December 31, 2022. Except as disclosed in Section 3.14(b) of the Disclosure Letter or as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received since December 31, 2022 any (i) written notice alleging any of the foregoing or (ii) any written notice challenging the ownership, validity or enforceability of any Owned IP or any Licensed IP exclusively licensed to the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, and except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Person has violated, infringed or misappropriated any Owned IP since December 31, 2022 and, (ii) except as disclosed in Section 3.14(b) of the Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has given any written notice to any other Person since December 31, 2022 alleging any of the foregoing.

34

(c) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company has complied with (i) applicable Law, (ii) all requirements of self-regulatory organizations, (iii) its published data privacy and data security policies, and (iv) any contractual obligations and consumer-facing statements made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including any such statements on its consumer-facing website and through consumer-facing mobile applications), in each instance above, relating to the use, collection, retention, storage, security, disclosure, transfer, disposal, or other processing or dealing, in whole or in part, of any Personal Data; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is or will be a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not result in a material breach or violation of any applicable Law related to data privacy as it pertains to the Owned IP.

(d) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained reasonable and appropriate disaster recovery and security plans, procedures and facilities and have taken other reasonable steps consistent with industry practices of companies offering similar services to safeguard any Trade Secrets, Personal Data, and information technology software and systems utilized by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the IT Systems), from unauthorized or illegal access and use. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no breach of security or unauthorized access by third parties to (i) the IT Systems, (ii) confidential information, or (iii) any Personal Data collected, held, or otherwise managed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(e) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps, consistent with industry practices of companies offering similar services, to maintain the Owned IP material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the Intellectual Property owned or used (or held for use) by the Company and its Subsidiaries is sufficient in all material respects for conduct of the business of the Group Companies as conducted during the twelve months prior to the date of this Agreement.

(f) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, during the twelve months prior to the date of this Agreement, (i) the IT Systems owned or used (or held for use) by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been and are sufficient in all material respects for conduct of the business of the Group Companies, and (ii) there has been no material failure or other material substandard performance of any IT System, in each case, which has caused a material disruption to the Company and has not been reasonably remedied.

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.14 are the sole and exclusive representations and warranties made by the Company with respect to the validity, enforcement, ownership, infringement, violation or misappropriation of, and compliance with applicable laws concerning Intellectual Property and Business Data.

35

Section 3.15. Labor and Employee Matters.

(a) Except as disclosed in Section 3.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter or as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Law related to labor or employment, including provisions thereof relating to wages and payrolls (in particular relating to full and timely settlement of claims), working hours and resting hours, overtime, working conditions, benefits, recruitment, occupational health and safety, immigration, employees provident fund, social security organization and collective bargaining, trade union, works agreements, regulatory agreements, works council, employment agreements, compulsory employment insurance, foreign employees, work and residence permits, public holiday and leaves, labor contracts and labor disputes; (ii) there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing Action relating to the violation of any applicable Law by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries related to labor or employment, including any charge or complaint filed by any of its current or former employees, directors, commissioners, officers, consultants or contractors with any Governmental Authority or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have properly classified for all purposes (including (x) for Tax purposes, (y) for purposes of minimum wage and overtime and (z) for purposes of determining eligibility to participate in any statutory and non-statutory Benefit Plan) all Persons who have performed services for or on behalf of each such entity, and have properly withheld and paid all applicable Taxes and statutory contributions and made all required filings in connection with services provided by such persons to the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with such classifications.

(b) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) each of the Benefit Plans has been operated administered and amended in accordance with its terms, and is in compliance with all applicable Law, and all contributions to, and payments for each such Benefit Plan have been timely made, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event, transaction or condition has occurred or exists that would result in any such Liability to any of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries under such Benefit Plan; (ii) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing Actions involving any Benefit Plan (except for routine claims for benefits payable in the normal operation of any Benefit Plan) and to the Knowledge of the Company, no facts or circumstances exist that could give rise to any such Actions; (iii) no Benefit Plan is under investigation or audit by any Governmental Authority and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no such investigation or audit is contemplated or under consideration; and (iv) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable Laws and Contracts relating to its provision of any form of Social Insurance, and has paid, or made provision for the payment of, all Social Insurance contributions required under applicable Law and Contracts.

(c) Except as disclosed in Section 3.15(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the execution of any of the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder (either alone or in combination with another event) will (i) result in any payment becoming due to any Company employees or any current or former director, officer, employee, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) increase the amount of compensation or any benefits otherwise payable under any of the Benefit Plans; (iii) result in any acceleration of the time of payment, exercisability, funding or vesting of any such benefits; or (iv) result in any payments or benefits that, individually or in combination with any other payment, would constitute the payment of any excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code or in the imposition of an excise Tax under Section 4999 of the Code; or (v) to the Knowledge of the Company lead to resignation of key employees of any of the Group Companies.

(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has any Liability with respect to or under: (i) a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA; (ii) a defined benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA) or a plan that is or was subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code; or (iii) a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code or Section 210 of ERISA.

36

(e) Except as disclosed in Section 3.15(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter and as would not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect, as of the date of this Agreement (i) no employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is represented by a Union, (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is negotiating any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with any Union, (iii) to the Knowledge of the Company, (A) there is no effort currently being made or threatened by or on behalf of any Union to organize any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (B) there has been no such effort in the past three years, and (iv) there are no labor troubles (including any work slowdown, lockout, stoppage, picketing or strike) pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no such troubles for the past three years. No notice, consent or consultation obligations with respect to any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Union will be a condition precedent to, or triggered by, the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3.16. Brokers. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission or expense reimbursement in connection with the Transactions contemplated based upon arrangements made by and on behalf of the Company or any of its Controlled Affiliates.

Section 3.17. Proxy/Registration Statement. The information supplied by the Company in writing specifically for inclusion in the Proxy/Registration Statement shall not, at (a) the time the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective, (b) the time the Proxy/Registration Statement (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to (i) the SPAC Shareholders and (ii) the Company Shareholders, and (c) the time of (i) the SPAC Shareholders Meeting and (ii) the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Section 3.18. Environmental Matters. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Group Companies are in compliance with the applicable Environmental Laws in the respective jurisdictions where they conduct their business.

Section 3.19. Insurance. Each of the Group Companies has insurance policies covering such risks as are customarily carried by Persons conducting business in the industries and geographies in which the Group Companies operate. All such policies are in full force and effect, and all premiums due and payable thereon as of the date of this Agreement have been paid in full as of the date of this Agreement, in each case except as would not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.20. Company Related Parties. Except for written employment agreements made available to SPAC prior the date hereof and except as set forth in Sections 3.20 or 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has not engaged in any transactions with Related Parties that would be required to be disclosed in the Proxy/Registration Statement. Any transactions with Related Parties have been concluded at arms length, comply with applicable Law and there are no hidden or deferred payments in connection therewith.

Section 3.21. Investigation. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, each of the Company, its Subsidiaries, and Company Shareholders has made its own investigation of SPAC and that neither SPAC nor any of its equityholders, partners, members and Representatives, including Sponsor and Sponsor Affiliate, is making any representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, beyond those expressly given by SPAC in Article IV.

37

Section 3.22. Board Approval. The Company Board has unanimously approved and declared advisable the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions and directed that this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the Transactions be submitted to the Company Shareholders for adoption at an extraordinary general meeting called for such purpose pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SPAC

SPAC hereby represents and warrants to the Company the following, except as set forth in (i) the SPAC SEC Filings (excluding any disclosures in any risk factors section that do not constitute statements of fact, it being acknowledged that nothing disclosed in such SPAC SEC Filings will be deemed to modify or qualify the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.2, Section 4.6 and Section 4.13) or (ii) the disclosure letter delivered to the Company by SPAC on the date of this Agreement (the SPAC Disclosure Letter), which exceptions shall, in the case of clause (ii), be subject to Section 12.11 and be deemed to be part of the representations and warranties made hereunder.

Section 4.1. Organization, Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification. SPAC is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the Cayman Islands and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. SPAC is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing, as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, the SPAC Charter as previously made available by or on behalf of SPAC to the Company is true and correct.

Section 4.2. Capitalization and Voting Rights.

(a) Capitalization of SPAC.

(i) The validly issued share capital of SPAC as of December 31, 2024 is set forth in Section 4.2(a) of the SPAC Disclosure Letter which sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, the following (on an aggregate, and not holder-by-holder, basis): (i) outstanding SPAC Ordinary Shares, by class or series; (ii) outstanding SPAC Preference Shares, by class or series; and (iii) warrants and other share purchase rights, if any.

(ii) All SPAC Shares that are issued and outstanding (i) have been duly authorized and have been validly issued and are fully paid, (ii) were issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable Law, and (iii) were not issued in breach or violation of any preemptive rights or Contract. PubCo owns all Equity Securities in Merger Sub.

(b) No Other Securities. Except as set forth in Section 4.2(a) of the SPAC Disclosure Letter, (i) there are no authorized, outstanding or issued Equity Securities of SPAC; (ii) SPAC is not obligated to issue, sell or transfer any Equity Securities of SPAC; (iii) other than the SPAC Charter, SPAC is not a party or subject to any Contract that affects or relates to the voting or giving of written consents with respect to, or the right to cause the redemption, or repurchase of, any Equity Security of SPAC; (iv) SPAC has not granted any registration rights or information rights to any other Person; (v) there are no phantom shares and there are no voting or similar agreements entered into by SPAC which relate to the share capital, registered capital or charter capital of SPAC; and (vi) SPAC has no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the SPAC Shareholders on any matter or any agreements to issue such bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations.

38

(c) SPAC does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity.

Section 4.3. Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries. SPAC is not obligated to make any investment in or capital contribution to or on behalf of any other Person.

Section 4.4. Authorization. SPAC has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder, subject to receipt of SPAC Shareholders Approval. All corporate actions on the part of SPAC necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and the performance of all its obligations thereunder (including any board approval) have been taken, subject to (a) obtaining SPAC Shareholders Approval and (b) the filing of the Initial Merger Filing Documents. This Agreement and the other Transaction Document to which SPAC is or will be a party is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of SPAC, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

Section 4.5. Consents; No Conflicts. Assuming the representations and warranties in Article III are true and correct, except (a) as otherwise set forth in the SPAC Disclosure Letter, (b) for the SPAC Shareholders Approval, (c) for the registration or filing with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, the SEC or applicable state blue sky or other securities laws filings with respect to the Transactions and (d) for such other filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents the failure of which to be obtained or made would not have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect, all filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation of the Transactions, in each case on the part of SPAC, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party by SPAC does not, and the consummation by SPAC of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) (assuming compliance with the matters referred to in clauses (a) through (d) of the immediately preceding sentence) result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of SPAC) or cancellation under, (A) any Governmental Order, (B) any provision of the Organizational Documents of SPAC, (C) any applicable Law, (D) any Contract to which SPAC is a party or by which its assets are bound, or (ii) result in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of SPAC other than any restrictions under federal or state securities laws, this Agreement or the SPAC Charter, except in the case of sub-clauses (A), (C), and (D) of clause (i), as would not have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect.

39

Section 4.6. Tax Matters. All material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to SPAC have been filed within the requisite period (taking into account any extensions) and such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects. All material Taxes due and payable by SPAC have been or will be paid in a timely fashion or have been accrued for on the financial statements of SPAC. No material deficiencies for any Taxes that are currently outstanding with respect to any Tax Returns of SPAC have been asserted in writing by, and no written notice of any action, audit, assessment or other proceeding, in each case that is currently pending, with respect to such Tax Returns or any Taxes of SPAC has been received from, any Tax authority, and no dispute or assessment relating to such Tax Returns or such Taxes with any such Tax authority is currently outstanding. No material claim that is currently outstanding has been made by a Tax authority in a jurisdiction where SPAC does not file Tax Returns that SPAC is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. SPAC has not taken any action (nor permitted any action to be taken), and is not aware of any fact or circumstance, that would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

Section 4.7. Financial Statements.

(a) The financial statements of SPAC contained in SPAC SEC Filings (the SPAC Financial Statements) (i) have been prepared in accordance with the books and records of SPAC, (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of SPAC on a consolidated basis as of the dates indicated therein, and the results of operations and cash flows of SPAC on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated therein, and (iii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved.

(b) SPAC has in place disclosure controls and procedures that are (i) designed to reasonably ensure that material information relating to SPAC is made known to the management of SPAC by others within SPAC; and (ii) effective in all material respects to perform the functions for which they were established. SPAC maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (w) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (x) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (y) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (z) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(c) Neither SPAC nor, to the Knowledge of SPAC, any Representative of SPAC, has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any written complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of SPAC with respect to the SPAC Financial Statements or the internal accounting controls of SPAC, including any written complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that SPAC has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices. No attorney representing SPAC, whether or not employed by SPAC, has reported evidence of a violation of securities Laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by SPAC or any of its Representatives to the SPAC Board or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of SPAC.

(d) SPAC has no liability or obligation of any nature whatsoever, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, known or unknown, liquidated or not, due or not, individually or in the aggregate, and there is no existing condition, situation or set of circumstances which is reasonably expected to result in such a liability or obligation, other than (i) Liabilities incurred after the SPAC Accounts Date in the Ordinary Course or other Liabilities that individually and in the aggregate are immaterial and (ii) obligations and liabilities reflected, or reserved against, in the SPAC Financial Statements or as set forth in Section 4.7(d) of the SPAC Disclosure Letter.

Section 4.8. Absence of Changes.

(a) Since the SPAC Accounts Date, (i) to the date of this Agreement SPAC has operated its business in the Ordinary Course and collected receivables and paid payables and similar obligations in the Ordinary Course and (ii) there has not been any SPAC Material Adverse Effect.

40

(b) Between the SPAC Accounts Date and the date of this Agreement, except as required by applicable Law or an order by a Governmental Authority, SPAC has used commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the present business organizations of SPAC.

Section 4.9. Actions. Except as would not have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect, (a) there is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of SPAC, threatened in writing against or affecting SPAC; and (b) there is no judgment or award unsatisfied against SPAC, nor is there any Governmental Order in effect and binding on SPAC or its assets or properties.

Section 4.10. Brokers. Except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the SPAC Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission or expense reimbursement in connection with the Transactions contemplated based upon arrangements made by and on behalf of SPAC or any of its Affiliates.

Section 4.11. Proxy/Registration Statement. The information supplied by SPAC in writing specifically for inclusion in the Proxy/Registration Statement shall not, at (a) the time the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective, (b) the time the Proxy/Registration Statement (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to (i) the SPAC Shareholders and (ii) the Company Shareholders, and (c) the time of (i) the SPAC Shareholders Meeting and (ii) the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All documents that SPAC is responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the Transactions will comply as to form and substance in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

Section 4.12. SEC Filings. SPAC has timely filed or furnished all statements, prospectuses, registration statements, forms, reports and documents required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC, pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act (collectively, as they have been amended since the time of their filing or furnishing through the date of this Agreement, the SPAC SEC Filings). Each of the SPAC SEC Filings, as of the respective date of its filing, and as of the date of any amendment, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to such SPAC SEC Filings. As of the respective date of its filing (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement or the Acquisition Closing Date, then on the date of such filing), the SPAC SEC Filings did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC with respect to any SPAC SEC Filing. To the Knowledge of SPAC, none of the SPAC SEC Filings filed on or prior to the date of this Agreement is subject to ongoing SEC review or investigation as of the date of this Agreement.

Section 4.13. Trust
Account. As of the date of this Agreement, SPAC has at least $262,418,546.96 in the Trust Account, such monies invested in
United States government securities or money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the
Investment Company Act pursuant to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2024, between SPAC and
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee, and such Investment
Management Trust Agreement, the Trust Agreement). There are no separate Contracts or side letters that would
cause the description of the Trust Agreement in the SPAC SEC Filings to be inaccurate in any material respect or that would entitle
any Person (other than SPAC Shareholders holding SPAC Ordinary Shares (prior to the Acquisition Effective Time) sold in SPACs
IPO who shall have elected to redeem their SPAC Ordinary Shares (prior to the Acquisition Effective Time) pursuant to the SPAC Charter) to any portion of the

41

proceeds in the Trust Account. Prior to the Acquisition
Closing, none of the funds held in the Trust Account may be released other than to pay Taxes and payments with respect to all SPAC Share
Redemptions. There are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of SPAC, threatened with respect to the Trust Account. SPAC has performed
all material obligations required to be performed by it to date under, and is not in default, breach or delinquent in performance or
any other respect (claimed or actual) in connection with, the Trust Agreement, and no event has occurred which, with due notice or lapse
of time or both, would constitute such a default or breach thereunder. As of the Acquisition Closing, the obligations of SPAC to dissolve
or liquidate pursuant to the SPAC Charter shall terminate, and as of the Acquisition Closing, SPAC shall have no obligation whatsoever
pursuant to the SPAC Charter to dissolve and liquidate the assets of SPAC by reason of the consummation of the Transactions. To the Knowledge
of SPAC, as of the date of this Agreement, following the Acquisition Closing, no SPAC Shareholder is entitled to receive any amount from
the Trust Account except to the extent such SPAC Shareholder has exercised a SPAC Share Redemption. As of the date of this Agreement,
assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the compliance by the Company with its obligations
hereunder, SPAC has no reason to believe that any of the conditions to the use of funds in the Trust Account will not be satisfied or
funds available in the Trust Account will not be available to SPAC on the Acquisition Closing Date.

Section 4.14. Investment Company Act; JOBS Act. SPAC is not an investment company or a Person directly or indirectly controlled by or acting on behalf of an investment company, in each case within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. SPAC constitutes an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act).

Section 4.15. Business Activities.

(a) Since its incorporation, SPAC has not conducted any business activities other than activities related to SPACs IPO or directed toward the accomplishment of a Business Combination. Except as set forth in the SPAC Charter or as otherwise contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the Transactions, there is no Contract to which SPAC is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing in any material respect any business practice of SPAC or any acquisition of property by SPAC or the conduct of business by SPAC as currently conducted or as contemplated to be conducted as of the Acquisition Closing.

(b) Except for the Transactions, SPAC does not own or have a right to acquire, directly or indirectly, any interest or investment (whether equity or debt) in any corporation, partnership, joint venture, business, trust or other entity. Except for this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, SPAC has no material interests, rights, obligations or liabilities with respect to, and is not party to, bound by or has its assets or property subject to, in each case whether directly or indirectly, any Contract or transaction which is, or would reasonably be interpreted as constituting, a Business Combination.

Section 4.16. Nasdaq Quotation. SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, SPAC Warrants and SPAC Units are each registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on Nasdaq under the symbol VACH, VACHW and VACHU, respectively. Except as set forth on Section 4.16 of the SPAC Disclosure Letter, SPAC is in compliance with the rules of Nasdaq and there is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of SPAC, threatened against SPAC by Nasdaq or the SEC with respect to any intention by such entity to deregister SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, SPAC Warrants or SPAC Units or terminate the listing thereof on Nasdaq. SPAC has not taken any action in an attempt to terminate the registration of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, SPAC Warrants or SPAC Units under the Exchange Act except as contemplated by this Agreement.

42

Section 4.17. Board Approval. The SPAC Board has unanimously (a) determined that this Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions are in the best interests of SPAC and constitute a Business Combination, (b)(i) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, and (ii) approved and declared advisable the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, the Shareholder Support Agreements, the Registration Rights Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance thereof, (c) made the SPAC Board Recommendation and (d) directed that this Agreement be submitted to the shareholders of SPAC for their adoption.

Section 4.18. SPAC Related Parties. Except for written employment agreements made available to the Company prior the date hereof and except as set forth in Section 4.18 of the SPAC Disclosure Letter, SPAC has not engaged in any transactions with Related Parties that would be required to be disclosed in the Proxy/Registration Statement.

Section 4.19. No Outside Reliance. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, each of SPAC and its equityholders, partners, members and Representatives, including Sponsor and Sponsor Affiliate, has made its own investigation of the Company, its Subsidiaries and that neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, agents or Representatives is making any representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, beyond those expressly given by the Company in Article III, including any implied warranty or representation as to condition, merchantability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose or trade as to any of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood that any cost estimates, financial or other projections or other predictions that may be contained or referred to in the Company Disclosure Letter or elsewhere, as well as any information, documents or other materials (including any such materials contained in any data room (whether or not accessed by SPAC or its Representatives) or otherwise reviewed by SPAC) or management presentations that have been or shall hereafter be provided to SPAC or any of its Affiliates, agents or Representatives are not and will not be deemed to be representations or warranties of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or Company Shareholders, and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the foregoing except as may be expressly set forth in Article III. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, SPAC understands and agrees that any assets, properties and business of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries are furnished as is, where is and subject to and except as otherwise provided in the representations and warranties contained in Article III, with all faults and without any other representation or warranty of any nature whatsoever.

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ACQUISITION ENTITIES

As of the execution of the Joinders, PubCo and Merger Sub each, an Acquisition Entity, hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to SPAC and the Company, the following:

Section 5.1. Organization, Good Standing, Corporate Power and Qualification. Each Acquisition Entity is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as applicable.

Section 5.2. Capitalization and Voting Rights.

(a) Capitalization. As of the execution of the Joinders, the share capital of each Acquisition Entity is as set forth in the applicable Joinder. The PubCo Shares and the Merger Sub Share, and any PubCo Ordinary Shares and shares of Merger Sub that will be issued pursuant to the Transactions, (i) have been, or will be prior to such issuance, duly authorized and have been, or will be at the time of issuance, validly issued and are fully paid, (ii) were, or will be, issued, in compliance in all material respects with applicable Law, and (iii) were not, and will not be, issued in breach or violation of any preemptive rights or Contract.

43

(b) No Other Securities. Except as set forth in Section 5.2(a), in connection with PIPE Investments, share compensations of advisors of SPAC, Sponsor or the Company or as set forth otherwise in this Agreement, (i) no Acquisition Entity has authorized, outstanding or issued any Equity Securities; (ii) no Acquisition Entity is obligated to issue, sell or transfer any Equity Securities; (iii) no Acquisition Entity is a party or subject to any Contract that affects or relates to the voting or giving of written consents with respect to, or the right to cause the redemption, or repurchase of, any Equity Security of such Acquisition Entity; (iv) no Acquisition Entity has granted any registration rights or information rights to any other Person; (v) there are no phantom shares and there are no voting or similar agreements entered into by any Acquisition Entity which relate to the share capital, registered capital or charter capital of such Acquisition Entity; and (vi) no Acquisition Entity has outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the shareholders of such Acquisition Entity on any matter or any agreements to issue such bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations.

(c) PubCo does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity, other than, as of execution of the Joinders, Merger Sub and, as of the Acquisition Closing Date, (indirectly) SPAC. Merger Sub does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity.

Section 5.3. Corporate Structure; Subsidiaries. No Acquisition Entity is obligated to make any investment in or capital contribution to or on behalf of any other Person other than in connection with the Transactions.

Section 5.4. Authorization. Each Acquisition Entity has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder. All corporate actions on the part of each Acquisition Entity necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and the performance of all its obligations thereunder (including any board or shareholder approval, as applicable) have been, or will be prior to Closing, taken, subject to actions in connection with the SPAC Reorganization, the filing of the Initial Merger Filing Documents and the Acquisition Merger Filing Documents. This Agreement and the other Transaction Document to which an Acquisition Entity is or will be a party is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of such Acquisition Entity enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (b) as limited by applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

Section 5.5. Consents
No Conflicts. Assuming the representations and warranties in Article III are true and correct, except (a) for the
registration or filing with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands, the SEC or applicable state blue sky or other
securities laws filings with respect to the Transactions, (b) the filing of the Acquisition Merger Filing Documents and any related
registrations with the respective commercial register and (c) for such other filings, notifications, notices, submissions,
applications, or consents the failure of which to be obtained or made would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, all filings,
notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required
in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other

44

Transaction Documents, and the consummation of
the Transactions, in each case on the part of each Acquisition Entity, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in
full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other each Transaction Documents to which it
is or will be a party by each Acquisition Entity does not, and the consummation by such Acquisition Entity of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby will not result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under,
or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of such Acquisition Entity)
or cancellation under, (a) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Acquisition Entity,
(iii) any applicable Law, (iv) any Contract to which such Acquisition Entity is a party or by which its assets are bound, or (b) result
in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of such Acquisition Entity other than any restrictions
under federal or state securities laws, this Agreement or the Organizational Documents of such Acquisition Entity, except in the case
of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (a), as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of any Acquisition Entity to enter into and perform the Transaction Documents to
which it is or will be a party and to consummate the Transactions.

Section 5.6. Absence of Changes. Since the date of its incorporation, each Acquisition Entity has operated its business in the Ordinary Course.

Section 5.7. Actions. Except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of any Acquisition Entity to enter into and perform the Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and to consummate the Transactions, (a) there is no Action pending or, to the Knowledge of SPAC, threatened in writing against or affecting any Acquisition Entity and (b) there is no judgment or award unsatisfied against such Acquisition Entity, nor is there any Governmental Order in effect and binding on any Acquisition Entity or its assets or properties.

Section 5.8. Brokers. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission or expense reimbursement in connection with the Transactions contemplated based upon arrangements made by and on behalf of any Acquisition Entity or any of its Affiliates.

Section 5.9. Proxy/Registration Statement. The information supplied by each Acquisition Entity in writing specifically for inclusion in the Proxy/Registration Statement shall not, at (a) the time the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective, (b) the time the Proxy/Registration Statement (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to (i) SPAC Shareholders and (ii) the Company Shareholders, and (c) the time of (i) the SPAC Shareholders Meeting and (ii) the Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All documents that an Acquisition Entity is responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the Transactions will comply as to form and substance in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

Section 5.10. Investment Company Act JOBS Act. No Acquisition Entity is an investment company or a Person directly or indirectly controlled by or acting on behalf of an investment company, in each case within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. No Acquisition Entity constitutes an emerging growth company within the meaning of the JOBS Act.

45

Section 5.11. Business Activities. Each Acquisition Entity was formed solely for the purpose of effecting the Transactions and has not engaged in any business activities or conducted any operations other than in connection with the Transactions and has no, and at all times prior to the Acquisition Closing except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the Transactions, will have no, assets, liabilities or obligations of any kind or nature whatsoever other than those incident to its formation.

Section 5.12. PubCo Incentive Equity Plan. The board of directors and the sole shareholder of PubCo will approve and adopt an incentive equity plan in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the parties hereto (the PubCo Incentive Equity Plan), establishing an incentive equity pool equal to 10% of the PubCo Ordinary Shares immediately following the Acquisition Closing.

Section 5.13. Intended Tax Treatment. Merger Sub has elected or will elect to be disregarded as an entity separate from PubCo for U.S. federal income tax purposes as of the effective date of its formation and has not and will not subsequently changed such classification. No Acquisition Entity has taken any action (nor permitted any action to be taken), or is aware of any fact or circumstance, that would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

Section 5.14. Foreign Private Issuer. PubCo is and shall be at all times commencing from the date 30 days prior to the first filing of the Proxy/Registration Statement with the SEC through the Acquisition Closing, a foreign private issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Section 5.15. No Outside Reliance. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, each of the Acquisition Entities, and any of their respective equityholders, partners, members or Representatives has made its own investigation of the Company, its Subsidiaries and neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, agents or Representatives is making any representation or warranty whatsoever, express or implied, beyond those expressly given by the Company in Article III, including any implied warranty or representation as to condition, merchantability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose or trade as to any of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood that any cost estimates, financial or other projections or other predictions that may be contained or referred to in the Company Disclosure Letter or elsewhere, as well as any information, documents or other materials (including any such materials contained in any data room (whether or not accessed by such Acquisition Entity or its Representatives)) or management presentations that have been or shall hereafter be provided to such Acquisition Entity or any of its Affiliates, agents or Representatives are not and will not be deemed to be representations or warranties of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or the Company Shareholders, and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the foregoing except as may be expressly set forth in Article III. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, such Acquisition Entity understands and agrees that any assets, properties and business of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and are furnished as is, where is and subject to and except as otherwise provided in the representations and warranties contained in Article III, with all faults and without any other representation or warranty of any nature whatsoever.

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN OTHER PARTIES

Section 6.1. Conduct of Business. Except (i) as contemplated or permitted by the Transaction Documents, (ii) as required by applicable Law, (iii) as set forth on Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter or (iv) as consented to by SPAC in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned, withheld, delayed or denied, except with respect to matters set forth in Sections 6.1(2)(a) and 6.1(2)(f)), from the date of this Agreement through the earlier of the Acquisition Closing or valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article X (the Interim Period), the Company (1) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to operate the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries in all material respects in the Ordinary Course and (2) shall not, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to:

(a) (i) amend its memorandum and articles of association or other organizational documents (whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise); or (ii) propose or adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;

46

(b) incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness for borrowed money, issue or sell any debt securities or options, warrants or other rights to acquire debt securities, in a principal amount exceeding $1,000,000, except for amendments thereto that are immaterial, beneficial to the Company or otherwise required in order to consummate the Transactions;

(c) transfer, issue, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise dispose of (i) any of its Equity Securities, or (ii) any options, warrants, rights of conversion or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitment obligations of the Company to issue, deliver or sell any Equity Securities of the Company;

(d) Except as (x) would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (y) required under the terms of any Benefit Plan existing as of the date of this Agreement or (z) in the Ordinary Course or as otherwise required by Law or this Agreement, (A) amend, modify, adopt, enter into or terminate any Benefit Plan or any benefit or compensation plan, policy, program or Contract that would be a Benefit Plan if in effect as of the date of this Agreement, in each case, (x) which exists solely for the benefit of a Senior Management Member or (y) which would materially disproportionately benefit a Senior Management Member relative to the other participants in such Benefit Plan, or (B) take any action to accelerate any payment, right to payment, or benefit, or the funding of any payment, right to payment or benefit, payable or to become payable to any Senior Management Member;

(e) sell, lease, exclusively license, transfer, abandon, allow to lapse or dispose of any material property or assets, in any single transaction or series of related transactions, except for (i) transactions pursuant to Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course, or (ii) (other than transactions involving the exclusive license of any material property or assets) transactions that do not exceed $250,000 individually and $100,000 in the aggregate or (iii) dispositions of obsolete, surplus or worn out assets that are no longer useful in the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries;

(f) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into any Person;

(g) make any acquisition of, or investment in, a business, by purchase of stock, securities or assets, merger or consolidation, or contributions to capital, or loans or advances, in any such case with a value or purchase price in excess of $100,000 individually and $250,000 in the aggregate;

(h) settle any Action by any Governmental Authority or any other third party material to the business of the Company in excess of $100,000 individually and $250,000 in the aggregate; provided that a Subsidiary shall be permitted to take such actions otherwise prohibited by this subsection (h) so long as it does not result individually or in the aggregate in a Company Material Adverse Effect;

(i) (i) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its share capital, (ii) redeem, repurchase, cancel or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase, or otherwise acquire any of its Equity Securities, (iii) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution, payable in cash, shares, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its share capital, or (iv) amend any term or alter any rights of any of its outstanding Equity Securities;

(j) enter into any Material Contract, or amend any such Material Contract in any material respect, in each case in a manner that is adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

47

(k) voluntarily terminate, suspend, abrogate, amend or modify any Material Permit in a manner materially adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(l) make any material change in its accounting principles or methods unless required by GAAP;

(m) make (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), change or revoke any material Tax election, amend any Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement or seek any ruling from any Governmental Authority with respect to material Taxes, surrender any right to claim a material refund of Taxes, settle or finally resolve any material controversy with respect to Taxes, agree to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of material Taxes, change any method of Tax accounting or Tax accounting period, initiate any voluntary Tax disclosure to any Governmental Authority, or incur any material amount of Taxes outside of the ordinary course of business; or

(n) enter into any agreement or otherwise make a commitment to do any of the foregoing.

Section 6.2. Access to Information. Upon reasonable prior notice and subject to applicable Law, from the date of this Agreement until the Acquisition Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its wholly owned Subsidiaries and each of its and its wholly owned Subsidiaries officers, directors and employees to, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its Representatives to, afford SPAC and its officers, directors, employees and Representatives, following notice from SPAC in accordance with this Section 6.2, reasonable access during normal business hours to the officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and other facilities, books and records of each of it and its wholly owned Subsidiaries, and all other financial, operating and other data and information as shall be reasonably requested; provided, however, that in each case, the Company shall not be required to disclose any document or information, or permit any inspection, that would, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, (a) result in the disclosure of any trade secrets or violate the terms of any confidentiality provisions in any agreement with a third party, (b) result in a violation of applicable Law, including any fiduciary duty, (c) waive the protection of any attorney-client privilege or (d) result in the disclosure of any sensitive or personal information that would expose the Company to the risk of Liabilities.

Section 6.3. Acquisition Proposals and Alternative Transactions. During the Interim Period, the Company shall not, and it shall cause its Controlled Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives not to, directly or indirectly: (a) solicit, initiate, submit, facilitate (including by means of furnishing or disclosing information), discuss or negotiate, directly or indirectly, any inquiry, proposal or offer (written or oral) with any third-party (including any Competing SPAC) with respect to a Company Acquisition Proposal; (b) furnish or disclose any non-public information to any third-party (including to any Competing SPAC) in connection with or that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Acquisition Proposal; (c) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any third party (including a Competing SPAC) regarding a Company Acquisition Proposal; (d) other than as set forth on Section 6.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, prepare or take any steps in connection with a public offering of any Equity Securities of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or a newly-formed holding company of the Company or such Subsidiaries or (d) otherwise cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in, or knowingly facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any Person to do or seek to do any of the foregoing.

48

Section 6.4. D&O Indemnification and Insurance.

(a) From and after the Acquisition Closing, the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub and PubCo shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director and officer of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, SPAC and any Acquisition Entity (in each case, solely to the extent acting in his or her capacity as such and to the extent such activities are related to the business of the Company, its Subsidiaries, SPAC or such Acquisition Entity, respectively) (the D&O Indemnified Parties) against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred in connection with any Action, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Acquisition Closing, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Acquisition Closing, to the fullest extent that the Company, its Subsidiaries, SPAC or such Acquisition Entity, respectively, would have been permitted under applicable Law and its respective certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, limited liability partnership agreement, limited liability limited partnership agreement or other Organizational Documents in effect on the date of this Agreement to indemnify such D&O Indemnified Parties (including the advancing of expenses as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law). Without limiting the foregoing, the Surviving Corporation and PubCo shall, and shall cause their Subsidiaries to, and Merger Sub shall to the extent permitted under applicable law (i) maintain for a period of not less than six years from the Acquisition Closing provisions in its certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, limited liability partnership agreement, limited liability limited partnership agreement and other Organizational Documents concerning the indemnification and exoneration (including provisions relating to expense advancement) of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries or Merger Sub ls and each Acquisition Entitys, respectively, former and current officers, directors, employees, and agents that are no less favorable to those Persons than the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, bylaws, limited liability company agreement, operating agreement, limited liability partnership agreement, limited liability limited partnership agreement and other Organizational Documents of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries, Merger Sub or such Acquisition Entity, respectively, in each case, as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) not amend, repeal or otherwise modify such provisions in any respect that would adversely affect the rights of those Persons thereunder, in each case, except as required by Law.

(b) For a period of six years from the Acquisition Closing, each of PubCo, the Surviving Corporation and Merger Sub shall (and the Surviving Corporation shall cause its Subsidiaries to) maintain in effect directors and officers liability insurance covering those Persons who are currently covered by the Companys, any of its Subsidiaries, SPACs, Merger Subs or any Acquisition Entitys, respectively, directors and officers liability insurance policies (including, in any event, the D&O Indemnified Parties) on terms not less favorable than the terms of such current insurance coverage, provided, however, that (i) each of PubCo, the Surviving Corporation and Merger Sub may cause coverage to be extended under the current directors and officers liability insurance by obtaining a six-year tail policy with respect to claims existing or occurring at or prior to the Acquisition Closing and if and to the extent such policies have been obtained prior to the Acquisition Closing with respect to any such Persons, the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub and PubCo, respectively, shall maintain such policies in effect and continue to honor the obligations thereunder, and (ii) if any claim is asserted or made within such six-year period, any insurance required to be maintained under this Section 6.4 shall be continued in respect of such claim until the final disposition thereof.

49

(c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, this Section 6.4 shall survive the Acquisition Closing indefinitely and shall be binding, jointly and severally, on the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub and PubCo and all of their respective successors and assigns. In the event that the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub, PubCo or any of their respective successors or assigns consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving company or entity of such consolidation or merger or transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub or PubCo, respectively, shall ensure (and each of PubCo, Merger Sub and the Surviving Corporation shall cause its Subsidiaries to ensure) that proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub or PubCo as the case may be, shall succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section 6.4.

(d) The provisions of this Section 6.4(a) through (c): (i) are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Person who is now, or who has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement or who becomes prior to the Acquisition Closing, a D&O Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and his or her personal representatives, (ii) shall be binding on the Surviving Corporation, Merger Sub and PubCo and their respective successors and assigns, (iii) are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such Person may have, whether pursuant to Law, Contract, Organizational Documents, or otherwise and (iv) shall survive the consummation of the Acquisition Closing and shall not be terminated or modified in such a manner as to adversely affect any D&O Indemnified Party without the consent of such D&O Indemnified Party.

Section 6.5. Notice of Developments. From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Acquisition Closing or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Company shall promptly (and in any event prior to the Acquisition Closing) notify SPAC in writing, and SPAC shall promptly (and in any event prior to the Acquisition Closing) notify the Company in writing, upon any of the Group Companies or SPAC, as applicable, becoming aware (awareness being determined with reference to the Knowledge of the Company or the Knowledge of SPAC, as the case may be): (i) of the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the occurrence or non-occurrence of which has caused or is reasonably likely to cause any condition to the obligations of any party to effect the Transactions not to be satisfied or (ii) of any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority which is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the Transactions or to materially delay the timing thereof. The delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 6.5 shall not cure any breach of any representation or warranty requiring disclosure of such matter or any breach of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or otherwise limit or affect the rights of, or the remedies available to, SPAC or the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any failure to give such notice pursuant to this Section 6.5 shall not give rise to any liability of the Company or SPAC or be taken into account in determining whether the conditions in Article IX have been satisfied or give rise to any right of termination set forth in Article X.

Section 6.6. Financials. As promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to SPAC the Closing Company Accounts and any other audited and unaudited consolidated balance sheets and the related audited or unaudited consolidated accounts of the Company that are required to be included in the Proxy/Registration Statement. The Company, SPAC and PubCo shall each use its reasonable best efforts (a) to assist the other, upon advance written notice, during normal business hours and in a manner such as to not unreasonably interfere with the normal operation of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, SPAC or PubCo, in preparing in a timely manner any other financial information or statements (including customary pro forma financial statements) that are required to be included in the Proxy/Registration Statement and any other filings to be made by SPAC or PubCo with the SEC in connection with the Transactions and (b) to obtain the consents of its auditors with respect thereto as may be required by applicable Law or requested by the SEC in connection therewith.

50

Section 6.7. No Trading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is aware, and that its Controlled Affiliates have been made aware of the restrictions imposed by U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder or otherwise and other applicable foreign and domestic Laws on a Person possessing material nonpublic information about a publicly traded company. The Company hereby agrees that it shall not purchase or sell any securities of SPAC in violation of such Laws, or cause or encourage any Person to do the foregoing.

ARTICLE VII

COVENANTS OF SPAC AND CERTAIN OTHER PARTIES

Section 7.1. Trust Account Proceeds and Related Available Equity. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article IX and provision of notice thereof to the Trustee (which notice SPAC shall provide to the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement), (a) in accordance with and pursuant to the Trust Agreement, at the Acquisition Closing, Merger Sub (as the surviving company in the Initial Merger) (i) shall cause any documents, opinions and notices required to be delivered to the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement to be so delivered and (ii) shall cause the Trustee to, and the Trustee shall thereupon be obligated to (A) pay as and when due all amounts payable to former SPAC Shareholders pursuant to SPAC Share Redemptions, and (B) immediately thereafter, pay all remaining amounts then available in the Trust Account to PubCo for immediate use, subject to this Agreement and the Trust Agreement and (b) thereafter, the Trust Account shall terminate, except as otherwise provided therein.

Section 7.2. Nasdaq Listing. From the date of this Agreement through the closing of the Initial Merger, (a) SPAC shall ensure SPAC remains listed as a public company on Nasdaq and (b) PubCo shall apply for, and shall use reasonable best efforts to cause, the PubCo Ordinary Shares to be issued in connection with the Transactions to be approved for listing on Nasdaq and accepted for clearance by the DTC, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Acquisition Closing Date.

Section 7.3. Conduct of Business. Except (i) as contemplated or permitted by the Transaction Documents, (ii) as required by applicable Law, (iii) as set forth on Section 7.3 of the SPAC Disclosure Letter or (iv) as consented to by the Company in writing (which consent with respect to the matters set forth in Section 7.3(e), (f), (g) and (i) shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), during the Interim Period, SPAC and each Acquisition Entity (y) shall operate its business in the Ordinary Course and (z) shall not:

(a) (i) with respect to SPAC only, seek any approval from SPAC Shareholders to change, modify or amend the Trust Agreement or the SPAC Charter, except as contemplated by the Transaction Proposals or (ii) change, modify or amend the Trust Agreement or their respective Organizational Documents, except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Proposals;

(b) (i) make or declare any dividend or distribution to SPAC Shareholders or make any other distributions in respect of any of its capital stock, share capital or Equity Securities, (ii) split, combine, reclassify or otherwise amend any terms of any shares or series of its capital stock or Equity Securities or (iii) purchase, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of its issued and outstanding share capital, outstanding shares of capital stock or membership interests, warrants or other Equity Securities, other than a redemption of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares made as part of SPAC Share Redemptions;

(c) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, or acquire (by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of or equity in, or by any other manner) any other Person or be acquired by any other Person;

(d) make or change any material election in respect of material Taxes, except to comply with GAAP or applicable Law;

51

(e) enter into, renew or amend in any material respect, any transaction or material Contract, except for material Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course;

(f) incur, guarantee or otherwise become liable for (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) any Indebtedness or other material Liability in a principal amount or amount, as applicable, exceeding $250,000 in the aggregate, other than (i) Indebtedness or other Liabilities expressly contemplated by this Agreement, including as set out in the SPAC Disclosure Letter or (ii) Liabilities that qualify as SPAC Transaction Expenses;

(g) make any change in its accounting principles or methods unless required by GAAP;

(h) (i) issue any Equity Securities, other than the issuance of Equity Securities of PubCo pursuant to the Subscription Agreements or this Agreement or (ii) grant any options, warrants or other equity-based awards;

(i) settle or agree to settle any litigation, action, proceeding or investigation before any Governmental Authority or that imposes injunctive or other non-monetary relief on SPAC or an Acquisition Entity;

(j) form any Subsidiary;

(k) liquidate, dissolve, reorganize or otherwise wind-up the business and operations of SPAC; or

(l) enter into any agreement to do any action prohibited under this Section 7.4;

provided, however, that during the period from the Initial Closing through the Acquisition Closing, neither Merger Sub nor PubCo shall take any action except as required or contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents.

Section 7.4. Post-Closing Directors and Officers of PubCo. Subject to the terms of the PubCo Charter, PubCo shall take all such action within its power as may be necessary or appropriate such that immediately following the Acquisition Closing:

(a) the board of directors of PubCo (i) shall have been reconstituted to consist of five directors, which shall include at least one director determined by the Sponsor, subject to such Persons passing customary background checks by PubCo; provided, however, that the board of directors shall include a number of directors qualifying as independent under the Nasdaq listing rules, as required by Law; and

(b) the officers of the Company holding such positions as set forth on Schedule 7.5(c) shall be the officers of PubCo, each such officer to hold office in accordance with the PubCo Charter until they are removed or resign in accordance with the PubCo Charter or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

Section 7.5. Acquisition Proposals and Alternative Transactions. During the Interim Period SPAC will not, and it will cause its Affiliates and its and their respective Representatives not to, directly or indirectly: (a) solicit, initiate, submit, facilitate (including by means of furnishing or disclosing information), discuss or negotiate, directly or indirectly, any inquiry, proposal or offer (written or oral) with respect to a SPAC Acquisition Proposal; (b) furnish or disclose any non-public information to any person or entity in connection with or that could reasonably be expected to lead to a SPAC Acquisition Proposal; (c) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding a SPAC Acquisition Proposal; or (d) otherwise cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in, or knowingly facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any Person to do or seek to do any of the foregoing.

52

Section 7.6. SPAC Public Filings. From the date of this Agreement through the Acquisition Closing, each of SPAC and PubCo will use reasonable efforts to keep current, accurate and timely file all reports required to be filed or furnished with the SEC and otherwise comply in all material respects with its reporting obligations under applicable Laws.

Section 7.7. Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Acquisition Closing Date, SPAC shall take all such steps (to the extent permitted under applicable Law) as are reasonably necessary to cause any acquisition or disposition of PubCo Ordinary Shares or any derivative thereof that occurs or is deemed to occur by reason of or pursuant to the Transactions (including the Private Placement) by each Person who is or will be or may become subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to PubCo, including by virtue of being deemed a director by deputization, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

Section 7.8. Voting of Company Shares. At any meeting of the shareholders of the Company called to seek the Company Shareholders Approval, or at any adjournment thereof, or in connection with any written consent of the shareholders of the Company or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval with respect to this Agreement, any other Transaction Document, the Acquisition Merger, or any other Transaction is sought, SPAC (a) shall, if a meeting is held, appear at such meeting or otherwise cause the Company Shares for which SPAC has received a proxy pursuant to the Shareholder Support Agreements to be counted as present at such meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum and respond to each request by the Company for written consent, if any, and (ii) shall vote or cause to be voted (including by written consent, if applicable) such Company Shares in favor of granting the Company Shareholders Approval.

ARTICLE VIII

JOINT COVENANTS

Section 8.1. Regulatory Approvals; Other Filings.

(a) Each of the Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in good faith with any Governmental Authority and to undertake promptly any and all action required to obtain any necessary or advisable regulatory approvals, consents, Actions, nonactions or waivers in connection with the Transactions (the Regulatory Approvals) as soon as practicable and any and all action necessary to consummate the Transactions as contemplated hereby. Each of the Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the expiration or termination of the waiting, notice or review periods under any applicable Regulatory Approval with respect to the Transactions as promptly as possible after the execution of this Agreement.

(b) With
respect to each of the Regulatory Approvals and any other requests, inquiries, Actions or other proceedings by or from Governmental
Authorities, each of the Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities shall (i) diligently and expeditiously defend and use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any necessary clearance, approval, consent or Regulatory Approval under any applicable
Laws prescribed or enforceable by any Governmental Authority for the Transactions and to resolve any objections as may be asserted
by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Transactions; and (ii) cooperate fully with each other in the defense of such
matters. To the extent not prohibited by Law, the Company shall promptly furnish to SPAC, and SPAC and the

53

Acquisition Entities shall promptly furnish to
the Company, copies of any material, substantive notices or written communications received by such party or any of its Affiliates from
any Governmental Authority with respect to the Transactions, and each such party shall permit counsel to the other parties an opportunity
to review in advance, and each such party shall consider in good faith the views of such counsel in connection with, any proposed material,
substantive written communications by such party or its Affiliates to any Governmental Authority concerning the Transactions; provided,
however, that none of SPAC or any of the Acquisition Entities shall enter into any agreement with any Governmental Authority relating
to any Regulatory Approval contemplated in this Agreement without the written consent of the Company; provided, further,
that neither the Company nor any Acquisition Entity shall enter into any agreement with any Governmental Authority with respect to the
Transactions which (i) as a result of its terms delays in any material respect the consummation of, or prohibits, the Transactions or
(ii) adds any condition to the consummation of the Transactions, in any such case, without the prior written consent of SPAC. To the
extent not prohibited by Law, the Company agrees to provide SPAC and its counsel, and SPAC and the Acquisition Entities agree to provide
to the Company and its counsel, the opportunity, to the extent practical, on reasonable advance notice, to participate in any material
substantive meetings or discussions, either in person or by telephone, between such party or any of its Affiliates or Representatives,
on the one hand, and any Governmental Authority (other than a Specified Governmental Authority), on the other hand, concerning or in
connection with the Transactions. Each of the Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities agrees to make all filings, to provide all information
required of such party and to reasonably cooperate with each other, in each case, in connection with the Regulatory Approvals; provided,
further, that such party shall not be required to provide information to the extent that (w) any applicable Law requires it or
its Affiliates to restrict or prohibit access to such information, (x) in the reasonable judgment of such party, the information is subject
to confidentiality obligations to a third party, (y) in the reasonable judgment of such party, the information is commercially sensitive
and disclosure of such information would have a material impact on the business, results of operations or financial condition of such
party, or (z) disclosure of any such information would reasonably be likely to result in the loss or waiver of the attorney-client, work
product or other applicable privilege. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, including in this Section 8.1,
the Company shall not be required to grant SPAC or the Acquisition Entities the opportunity to participate in any meetings, discussions
or other communications, or to review submissions or receive from the Company any copies of notices or other communications, with the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) or any other Governmental Authority set forth on Schedule 8.1(b)
(each of MAS and such other Governmental Authority, a Specified Governmental Authority) and the Company shall provide
SPAC upon request from time to time with a general summary of the progress of obtaining the respective approval from such Governmental
Authorities referred on Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter.

(c) The Company, on the one hand, and SPAC, on the other, shall each be responsible for and pay one-half of the filing fees payable to the Governmental Authorities and the Exchange Agent in connection with the Transactions, including such filing fees payable by an Acquisition Entity.

Section 8.2. Preparation of Proxy/Registration Statement; SPAC Shareholders Meeting and Approvals; Company Shareholders Meeting and Approvals.

(a) Proxy/Registration Statement.

(i) As
promptly as reasonably practicable after the execution of this Agreement, SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Company shall
prepare, and PubCo shall file with the SEC, a registration statement on Form F-4 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, and
including the Proxy Statement, the Proxy/Registration Statement) relating to the SPAC Shareholders
Meeting to approve and adopt: (A) the Business Combination, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Mergers and the
other Transactions, (B) any other proposals as the SEC (or staff member thereof) may indicate are necessary in its comments to the Proxy/Registration Statement or correspondence

54

related thereto, (C) any other proposals as reasonably
agreed by SPAC and the Company to be necessary or appropriate in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and (D) adjournment
of the SPAC Shareholders Meeting, if necessary, to permit further solicitation of proxies because there are not sufficient votes
to approve and adopt any of the foregoing (such proposals in (A) through (D), collectively, the Transaction Proposals).
SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Company each shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to (1) cause the Proxy/Registration
Statement when filed with the SEC to comply in all material respects with all Laws applicable thereto and rules and regulations promulgated
by the SEC, (2) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to and resolve all comments received from the SEC concerning the Proxy/Registration
Statement, (3) cause the Proxy/Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable and
(4) keep the Proxy/Registration Statement effective as long as is necessary to consummate the Transactions. Prior to the effective date
of the Proxy/Registration Statement, the Company, SPAC and PubCo shall take all or any action required under any applicable federal or
state securities Laws in connection with the issuance of PubCo Ordinary Shares pursuant to this Agreement. Each of the Company, SPAC
and PubCo also agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or Blue Sky
permits and approvals required to carry out the Transactions, and the Company shall furnish all information concerning the Company, its
Subsidiaries and any of their respective members or shareholders as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action. As
promptly as practicable after finalization and effectiveness of the Proxy/Registration Statement, SPAC shall use reasonable best efforts
to within five Business Days thereof, mail the Proxy/Registration Statement to the SPAC Shareholders. Each of SPAC, PubCo and the Company
shall furnish to the other parties all information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, officers, directors, managers, shareholders,
and other equityholders and information regarding such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable or as may be reasonably
requested in connection with the Proxy/Registration Statement, or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on behalf
of SPAC, PubCo, the Company or their respective Affiliates to any regulatory authority (including Nasdaq) in connection with the Transactions.
The Company, on the one hand, and SPAC, on the other, shall each be responsible for and pay one-half of the cost for the preparation,
filing and mailing of the Proxy/Registration Statement and other related fees.

(ii) Any filing of, or amendment or supplement to, the Proxy/Registration Statement will be mutually prepared and agreed upon by SPAC, PubCo and the Company. SPAC and PubCo will advise the Company, promptly after receiving notice thereof, of the time when the Proxy/Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order, of the suspension of the qualification of PubCo Ordinary Shares to be issued or issuable in connection with this Agreement for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of any request by the SEC for amendment of the Proxy/Registration Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional information and responses thereto, and shall provide the Company a reasonable opportunity to provide comments and amendments to any such filing. SPAC, PubCo and the Company shall cooperate and mutually agree upon (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), any response to comments of the SEC or its staff with respect to the Proxy/Registration Statement and any amendment to the Proxy/Registration Statement filed in response thereto.

(iii) If, at any time prior to the Acquisition Effective Time, any event or circumstance relating to SPAC, an Acquisition Entity or their respective officers or directors, should be discovered by SPAC or an Acquisition Entity which should be set forth in an amendment or a supplement to the Proxy/Registration Statement, SPAC or PubCo, as the case may be, shall promptly inform the Company. If, at any time prior to the Acquisition Effective Time, any event or circumstance relating to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective officers or directors, should be discovered by the Company which should be set forth in an amendment or a supplement to the Proxy/Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly inform SPAC and PubCo. Thereafter, SPAC, PubCo and the Company shall promptly cooperate in the preparation and filing of an appropriate amendment or supplement to the Proxy/Registration Statement describing or correcting such information and SPAC and PubCo shall promptly file such amendment or supplement with the SEC and, to the extent required by Law, disseminate such amendment or supplement to the SPAC Shareholders.

55

(b) SPAC Shareholders Approval.

(i) Prior to or as promptly as practicable after the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, SPAC shall establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the SPAC Shareholders (including any adjournment or postponement thereof, the SPAC Shareholders Meeting) to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date that the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act for the purpose of voting on the Transaction Proposals and obtaining the SPAC Shareholders Approval (including any adjournment or postponement of such meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of the adoption of this Agreement), providing SPAC Shareholders with the opportunity to elect to effect a SPAC Share Redemption and such other matter as may be mutually agreed by SPAC and the Company. SPAC will use its reasonable best efforts to (A) solicit from its shareholders proxies in favor of the adoption of the Transaction Proposals, including the SPAC Shareholders Approval, and will take all other action necessary or advisable to obtain such proxies and SPAC Shareholders Approval and (B) to obtain the vote or consent of its shareholders required by and in compliance with all applicable Law, Nasdaq rules and the SPAC Charter. SPAC (A) shall consult with the Company regarding the record date and the date of the SPAC Shareholders Meeting and (B) shall not adjourn or postpone the SPAC Shareholders Meeting without the prior written consent of Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, however, that SPAC shall adjourn or postpone the SPAC Shareholders Meeting (1) to the extent necessary to ensure that any supplement or amendment to the Proxy/Registration Statement that SPAC or PubCo reasonably determines (following consultation with the Company, except with respect to any Company Acquisition Proposal) is necessary to comply with applicable Laws, is provided to the SPAC Shareholders in advance of a vote on the adoption of this Agreement, (2) if, as of the time that the SPAC Shareholders Meeting is originally scheduled, there are insufficient SPAC Shares represented at such meeting (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the SPAC Shareholders Meeting, or (3) if, as of the time that the SPAC Shareholders Meeting is originally scheduled, adjournment or postponement of the SPAC Shareholders Meeting is necessary to enable SPAC to solicit additional proxies required to obtain SPAC Shareholders Approval; provided further, however, that SPAC shall adjourn or postpone on not more than three occasions and so long as the date of the SPAC Shareholders Meeting is not adjourned or postponed more than an aggregate of 45 consecutive days in connection with such adjournment or postponement.

(ii) The Proxy/Registration Statement shall include a statement to the effect that SPAC Board has unanimously recommended that the SPAC Shareholders vote in favor of the Transaction Proposals at the SPAC Shareholders Meeting (such statement, the SPAC Board Recommendation) and neither the SPAC Board nor any committee thereof shall withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify, or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify, the SPAC Board Recommendation.

(c) Company Shareholders Approval.

(i) Prior to or as promptly as practicable after the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, the Company shall establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the Company Shareholders (the Company Shareholders Meeting) to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date that the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act for the purpose of obtaining the Company Shareholders Approval and such other matter as may be mutually agreed by SPAC and the Company. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts (A) to solicit from its shareholders proxies in favor of the Company Shareholders Approval and (B) to obtain the vote or consent of its shareholders required by and in compliance with all applicable Law. The Company (y) shall set the date of the Company Shareholders Meeting to be twenty days after the Proxy/Registration Statement is declared effective and (z) shall not adjourn the Company Shareholders Meeting without the prior written consent of SPAC (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

56

(ii) The Company shall send meeting materials to the Company Shareholders which shall seek the Company Shareholders Approval and shall include in all such meeting materials it sends to the Company Shareholders in connection with the Company Shareholders Meeting a statement to the effect that the Company Board has unanimously recommended that the Company Shareholders vote in favor of the Company Shareholders Approval (such statement, the Company Board Recommendation) and neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof shall withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify, or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend or modify, the Company Board Recommendation.

Section 8.3. Support of Transaction. Without limiting any covenant contained in Article VI or Article VII, (a) the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, and (b) each of SPAC and the Acquisition Entities shall, (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all material consents and approvals of third parties that the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or any of SPAC or any of the Acquisition Entities, as applicable, are required to obtain in order to consummate the Transactions, (ii) cooperate to cause the name of the Surviving Corporation to be changed effective as of the Acquisition Closing Date to Veraxa Biotech AG, including through the adoption of the appropriate corporate resolutions, and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to take such other action as may be reasonably necessary or as another party hereto may reasonably request to satisfy the conditions of Article IX (including, in the case of SPAC and PubCo, the use of commercially reasonable efforts to enforce its rights under the Subscription Agreements) or otherwise to comply with this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions as soon as practicable; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement, including this Article VIII, shall require the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, SPAC or any Acquisition Entity or any of their respective Affiliates to (A) commence or threaten to commence, pursue or defend against any Action, whether judicial or administrative, (B) seek to have any stay or Governmental Order vacated or reversed, (C) propose, negotiate, commit to or effect by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise, the sale, divestiture, licensing or disposition of any assets or businesses of PubCo, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or SPAC, (D) take or commit to take actions that limit the freedom of action of any of PubCo, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or SPAC with respect to, or the ability to retain, control or operate, or to exert full rights of ownership in respect of, any of the businesses, product lines or assets of PubCo, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or SPAC, or (E) grant any financial, legal or other accommodation to any other Person, including agreeing to change any of the terms of the Transactions.

Section 8.4. Tax Matters.

(a) Each of SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Company shall (i) use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Transactions to qualify, and agree not to, and not to permit or cause any of their Affiliates or Subsidiaries to, take any action (or fail to take any action) which to its knowledge could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Transactions from qualifying, for the Intended Tax Treatment and (ii) cause, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Merger Sub to elect to be disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes as of the effective date of its formation and not subsequently change such classification effective on or prior to the Initial Closing Date. Each of SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Group Companies shall report the Transactions consistently with the Intended Tax Treatment and the immediately preceding sentence, and will not take any inconsistent position on any Tax Return or during the course of any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes, except as otherwise required by a change in applicable Law after the date hereof or pursuant to a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. Each of SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Group Companies agrees to promptly notify each other of any challenge to the Intended Tax Treatment by any Governmental Authority.

57

(b) In the event that SPAC, the Acquisition Entities or the Company seeks a tax opinion from its respective tax advisor regarding the Intended Tax Treatment of the Mergers, or the SEC requests or requires tax opinions, each party shall use reasonable efforts to execute and deliver customary tax representation letters (not to be inconsistent with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents) as the applicable tax advisor may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such advisor. If the SEC (or its staff) requests or requires any opinion on the Intended Tax Treatment of the SPAC Restructuring or other tax consequences to SPAC Shareholders, SPAC shall cause such opinion (as so required or requested) to be provided by Winston & Strawn LLP (Winston). If the SEC (or its staff) requests or requires any opinion on the Intended Tax Treatment of the Acquisition Merger or other tax consequences to Company Shareholders, the Company shall cause such opinion (as so required or requested) to be provided by Duane Morris LLP (Duane Morris). For the avoidance of doubt, a tax opinion regarding the Intended Tax Treatment is not a condition to closing.

(c) The parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any certificate or other document from any Governmental Authority or any other Person or take any other reasonable action as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Transfer Tax.

(d) SPAC, Acquisition Entities or the Company, as applicable, shall promptly notify the other party in writing if, before the Initial Closing Date or Acquisition Closing Date, as applicable, it determines that it is not reasonable for the Transactions to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment, as applicable. Following such notice, the notifying party may propose amendments to the terms of this Agreement that such person believes could reasonably facilitate such qualification without adversely affecting the rights and commercial position of SPAC, Acquisition Entities, the Company, and their respective shareholders and warrant or option holders. In that case, each other party shall consider in good faith the proposed amendments and, if it determines in good faith that they would not result in unreasonable delay to Initial Closing and/or Acquisition Closing and would not adversely affect the rights or commercial position of SPAC, the Company, and their respective shareholders and warrant or option holders, the parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to effect any such amendments.

(e) In the event of any investment (including any PIPE investment) in shares or stock rights of any Person that have the effect of entitling the holder thereof to receive shares in PubCo in connection with any of the Mergers (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, open market purchases of SPAC Units, SPAC Ordinary Shares or SPAC Rights), the parties shall use reasonable best efforts to structure such investment in a manner that would not reasonably be expected to result in any of the Mergers failing to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment.

Section 8.5. Stockholder
Litigation. The Company and, prior to the Initial Closing, PubCo shall promptly advise SPAC, and SPAC and, following the Initial
Closing, PubCo, shall promptly advise the Company, as the case may be, of any Action commenced (or to the Knowledge of the Company
or PubCo or the Knowledge of SPAC, as applicable, threatened) on or after the date of this Agreement against such party, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of its directors or officers by any Company Shareholder or SPAC Shareholder relating to this Agreement, the
Mergers or any of the other Transactions (any such Action, Stockholder Litigation), and such party shall keep
the other party reasonably informed regarding any such Stockholder Litigation. Other than with respect to any Stockholder Litigation
where the parties identified in this sentence are adverse to each other or in the

58

context of any Stockholder Litigation related to
or arising out of a Company Acquisition Proposal or a SPAC Acquisition Proposal, (a) the Company and, prior to the Initial Closing, PubCo
shall give SPAC a reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any such Stockholder Litigation (and consider
in good faith the suggestions of SPAC in connection therewith) brought against the Company or PubCo, any of their respective Subsidiaries
or any of their respective directors or officers and no such settlement shall be agreed to without the SPACs prior consent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (b) SPAC and, following the Initial Closing, PubCo, shall give
the Company a reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any such Stockholder Litigation (and consider in
good faith the suggestions of the Company in connection therewith) brought against SPAC, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its directors
or officers, and no such settlement shall be agreed to without the Companys prior consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed).

ARTICLE IX

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS

Section 9.1. Conditions to Obligations of SPAC, the Acquisition Entities and the Company. The obligations of SPAC and the Acquisition Entities to consummate, or cause to be consummated, the Transactions to occur at the Initial Closing (and, solely with respect to the condition set forth in Section 9.1(a)/(d), the Acquisition Closing) and the obligations of the Company to consummate, or cause to be consummated, the Transactions to occur at the Acquisition Closing, are each subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in writing by the party or parties whose obligations are conditioned thereupon:

(a) The SPAC Shareholders Approval and the Company Shareholders Approval shall have been obtained;

(b) The Proxy/Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Proxy/Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC and not withdrawn;

(c) (i) PubCos initial listing application with Nasdaq in connection with the Transactions shall have been conditionally approved and, immediately following the Acquisition Closing, PubCo shall satisfy any applicable initial and continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq and PubCo shall not have received any notice of non-compliance therewith, and (ii) the PubCo Ordinary Shares to be issued in connection with the Transactions shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance; and

(d) No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law (whether prior to the date of this Agreement or thereafter and whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) or Governmental Order that is then in effect and which has the effect of making the Initial Closing or the Acquisition Closing illegal or which otherwise prevents or prohibits consummation of the Initial Closing or the Acquisition Closing (any of the foregoing, a restraint), other than any such restraint that is immaterial.

Section 9.2. Conditions to Obligations of SPAC at Initial Closing. The obligations of SPAC to consummate, or cause to be consummated, the Transactions to occur at the Initial Closing are subject to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in writing by SPAC:

59

(a) The Company Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Initial Closing Date as if made at the Initial Closing Date. Each of the other representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Initial Closing Date (except with respect to such representations and warranties which speak as to an earlier date, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct at and as of such date) except for inaccuracies or the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct that (without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect or another similar materiality qualification set forth therein, other than in Section 3.11(f) (Liabilities)) individually or in the aggregate, has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect; and

(b) Each of the covenants of the Company to be performed as of or prior to the Initial Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects, and

(c) Each Acquisition Entity shall have executed and delivered to SPAC a Joinder.

Section 9.3. Conditions to Obligations of the Company at Initial Closing. The obligations of the Company to consummate, or cause to be consummated, the Transactions to occur at the Initial Closing are subject to the satisfaction of the following additional conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in writing by the Company:

(a) The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.4 (Authorization) and Section 4.8(a) (Absence of Changes) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Initial Closing Date as if made at the Initial Closing Date. The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.2(a) (Capitalization and Voting Rights) shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Initial Closing Date as if made at the Initial Closing Date. Each of the other representations and warranties of SPAC and the Acquisition Entities contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Initial Closing Date (except with respect to such representations and warranties which speak as to an earlier date, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct at and as of such date) except for inaccuracies or the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct that (without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or SPAC Material Adverse Effect or another similar materiality qualification set forth therein, other than in Section 4.7(d)(i) (Financial Statements)) individually or in the aggregate, has not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect;

(b) The Company shall have received from the Federal Tax Administration of Switzerland and the Cantonal Tax Authorities of Zurich, Switzerland, a favorable tax ruling confirmation with respect to the treatment of the Transactions for purposes of (i) Swiss corporate income tax, (ii) Swiss withholding tax, (iii) Swiss issuance stamp duty and Swiss transfer stamp duty, and (iv) Swiss income tax; and

(c) Each of the covenants of SPAC and each of the Acquisition Entities to be performed as of or prior to the Initial Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects.

Section 9.4. Frustration of Conditions. None of SPAC, the Acquisition Entities or the Company may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in this Article IX to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such partys failure to comply in all material respects with its obligations under Section 8.3.

60

ARTICLE X

TERMINATION/EFFECTIVENESS

Section 10.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Transactions abandoned:

(a) by mutual written consent of the Company and SPAC;

(b) by written notice from the Company or SPAC to the other if any Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Governmental Order which has become final and nonappealable and has the effect of making consummation of the Transactions illegal or otherwise preventing or prohibiting consummation of the Transactions;

(c) by written notice from the Company or SPAC to the other if the Acquisition Closing shall not have occurred on the 30th1 Business Day following the occurrence of the Initial Closing;

(d) by written notice from the Company to SPAC regarding the failure to obtain the required vote at the SPAC Shareholders Meeting duly convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;

(e) by written notice from the Company to SPAC for breach of Section 9.3(c);

(f) by written notice to the Company from SPAC if there is any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set forth in this Agreement, such that the conditions specified in Section 9.2 would not be satisfied at the relevant Closing Date (a Terminating Company Breach), except that, if such Terminating Company Breach is curable by the Company then, for a period of up to 30 days after receipt by the Company of notice from SPAC of such breach (the Company Cure Period), such termination shall not be effective, and such termination shall become effective only if the Terminating Company Breach is not cured within the Company Cure Period; provided, however, that in the event of such termination, the Company shall pay the Termination Fee in accordance with Section 10.3;

(g) by written notice to SPAC from the Company if there is any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of SPAC, Sponsor or Sponsor Affiliate, or any Acquisition Entity set forth in this Agreement, such that the conditions specified in Section 9.3 or Section 9.4 would not be satisfied at the relevant Closing Date (a Terminating SPAC Breach), if any such Terminating SPAC Breach is curable by SPAC, Sponsor or Sponsor Affiliate then, for a period of up to 30 days after receipt by SPAC of notice from the Company of such breach (the SPAC Cure Period), such termination shall not be effective, and such termination shall become effective only if the Terminating SPAC Breach is not cured within SPAC Cure Period;

(h) by written notice from SPAC to the Company if the SPAC Shareholders Approval shall not have been obtained at the SPAC Shareholders Meeting, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof taken in accordance with this Agreement, which termination right shall not be exercisable by SPAC if SPAC has materially breached any of its obligations under the proviso to Section 8.2(b); or

1 Note from Walder Wiss: Registration of the Acquisition Merger in the commercial register (i.e. the merger taking effect) may be difficult to complete within three business days. It can often take up to 10 business days to complete.

61

(i) by either SPAC or the Company, if the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not have been consummated on or prior to the date that is 180 days following the Signing Date (the Agreement End Date).

Section 10.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part of any party hereto or its respective Affiliates, officers, directors or shareholders, other than liability of the Company, SPAC or any Acquisition Entity, as the case may be, for any willful and material breach of this Agreement occurring prior to such termination, except that the provisions of this Section 10.2, Section 8.1(c), Section 8.2(a)(i), Section 10.3, Article XI and Section 12.15 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

Section 10.3. Termination Fee.

(a) In the event that this Agreement is terminated by SPAC pursuant to Section 10.1(g) or Section 10.1(i), the Company shall pay to SPAC a termination fee of $12,500,000 (the SPAC Termination Fee) within five (5) Business Days following such termination; provided, that to the extent this Agreement is terminated and (i) it is concurrently or subsequently discovered by SPAC or Sponsor that the Company breached Section 6.3 of this Agreement prior to any such termination or enters into any written agreement to participate in an alternative transaction, then in addition any Termination Fee payment owing to SPAC, the Company shall pay to SPAC the greater of (A) $12,500,000 and (B) 1% of the enterprise value of such alternate transaction (Alternative Transaction Fee and together with the SPAC Termination Fee, the Termination Fee).

(b) The payment of the Termination Fee shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of SPAC and its Affiliates against the Company and any of its Affiliates for any and all losses or damages suffered or incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and upon payment of the Termination Fee, none of the Company or any of its Affiliates shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, except in the case of fraud or willful misconduct.

ARTICLE XI

INDEMNIFICATION; SURVIVAL

Section 11.1. Indemnification. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article XI and from and after the Acquisition Closing Date, and as a material inducement to SPAC entering into this Agreement, the Company Shareholders (collectively, the Indemnifying Party) hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Party against and in respect of, and to pay, compensate and reimburse the Indemnified Party for, any and all out-of-pocket loss, cost, payment, demand, penalty, forfeiture, expense, liability, judgment, deficiency or damage (including actual costs of investigation and reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses) (all of the foregoing collectively, Losses) incurred or sustained by the Indemnified Party as a result of or in connection with any breach, inaccuracy or nonfulfillment of any of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company contained herein and/or any matters described in Section 11.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, whether or not involving a Third-Party Claim (as defined below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any liability incurred pursuant to the terms of this Article XI shall be paid exclusively from the Indemnity Escrow Shares (valued at the then market value per share), in accordance with the terms of the Indemnity Escrow Agreement.

62

Section 11.2. Indemnity Escrow Agreement. At the Acquisition Closing, 5,000,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares issued to the Company Shareholders (the Indemnity Escrow Shares), on a pro rata basis in accordance with the number of Company Shares held by each of the Company Shareholders immediately prior to the Acquisition Closing (Pro Rata Basis), will be deposited into an escrow account (the Indemnity Escrow Account) with an escrow agent reasonably acceptable to SPAC and the Shareholder Representative (the Indemnity Escrow Agent) for the benefit of SPACs Shareholders, pursuant to the terms of an escrow agreement among the Indemnity Escrow Agent, PubCo and the Shareholder Representative (the Indemnity Escrow Agreement).

Section 11.3. Indemnification Procedures. The following shall apply with respect to all claims by the Indemnified Party for indemnification:

(a) the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party prompt written notice (an Indemnification Notice) of any direct claim or third-party action with respect to which the Indemnified Party seeks indemnification pursuant to Sections 14.1 and 14.3 (a Third-Party Claim), which shall describe in reasonable detail the Loss that has been or may be suffered by the Indemnified Party and shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof. The failure to give the Indemnification Notice shall not impair any of the rights or benefits of such Indemnified Party under Sections 14.1 or 14.3, except to the extent such failure materially and adversely affects the ability of the Indemnifying Party to defend such claim or increases the amount of such liability;

(b) in the case of any Third-Party Claims as to which indemnification is sought by the Indemnified Party, such Indemnified Party shall be entitled, at the sole expense and liability of the Indemnifying Party, to exercise full control of the defense, compromise or settlement of any Third-Party Claim unless the Indemnifying Party, within a reasonable time after the giving of an Indemnification Notice by the Indemnified Party (but in any event within 10 days thereafter), shall (i) deliver a written confirmation to such Indemnified Party that the indemnification provisions of Sections 14.1 and 14.3 are applicable to such action and the Indemnifying Party will indemnify such Indemnified Party in respect of such action pursuant to the terms of Sections 14.1 and 14.3, (ii) notify such Indemnified Party in writing of the intention of the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense thereof, and (iii) retain legal counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party to conduct the defense of such Third-Party Claim;

(c) if the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any such Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 14.3(b), then the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in any manner reasonably requested in connection with the defense, and the Indemnified Party shall have the right to be kept fully informed by the Indemnifying Party and his legal counsel with respect to the status of any legal proceedings, to the extent not inconsistent with the preservation of attorney-client or work product privilege. If the Indemnifying Party so assumes the defense of any such Third-Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in (but not control) the defense, compromise, or settlement thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel employed by the Indemnified Party shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (i) the Indemnifying Party has agreed to pay such fees and expenses, or (ii) the named parties to any such Third-Party Claim (including any impleaded parties) include an Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by its counsel that there may be a conflict of interest between such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party in the conduct of the defense thereof, and in any such case the reasonable fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be borne by the Indemnifying Party;

(d) if
the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of any Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 14.3(b), the
Indemnified Party shall not pay, or permit to be paid, any part of any claim or demand arising from such asserted liability unless
the Indemnifying Party withdraws from or fails to vigorously prosecute the defense of such asserted liability, or unless a judgment
is entered against the Indemnified Party for such liability. If the Indemnifying Party does not elect to defend, or if, after
commencing or undertaking any such defense, the Indemnifying Party fails to adequately prosecute or withdraw such defense, the
Indemnified Party shall have the right to undertake the defense or settlement thereof, at the Indemnifying Partys expense. Notwithstanding anything to the

63

contrary, the Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled
to control, but may participate in, and the Indemnified Party (at the expense of the Indemnifying Party) shall be entitled to have sole
control over, the defense or settlement of (i) that part of any Third-Party Claim (A) that seeks a temporary restraining order, a preliminary
or permanent injunction or specific performance against the Indemnified Party, or (B) to the extent such Third-Party Claim involves criminal
allegations against the Indemnified Party or (ii) the entire Third-Party Claim if such Third-Party Claim would impose liability on the
part of the Indemnified Party in an amount which is greater than the amount as to which the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement. In the event the Indemnified Party retains control of the Third-Party Claim, the Indemnified Party will not settle
the subject claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;

(e) if the Indemnified Party undertakes the defense of any such Third-Party Claim pursuant to Sections 14.1 and 14.3 and proposes to settle the same prior to a final judgment thereon or to forgo appeal with respect thereto, then the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party prompt written notice thereof and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to participate in the settlement, assume or reassume the defense thereof or prosecute such appeal, in each case at the Indemnifying Partys expense. The Indemnifying Party shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party settle or compromise or consent to entry of any judgment with respect to any such Third-Party Claim (i) in which any relief other than the payment of money damages is or may be sought against the Indemnified Party, (ii) in which such Third-Party Claim could be reasonably expected to impose or create a monetary liability on the part of the Indemnified Party (such as an increase in the Indemnified Partys income Tax) other than the monetary claim of the third party in such Third-Party Claim being paid pursuant to such settlement or judgment, or (iii) which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant, person conducting such investigation or initiating such hearing, plaintiff or petitioner to the Indemnified Party of a release from all liability with respect to such Third-Party Claim and all other actions (known or unknown) arising or which might arise out of the same facts; and

(f) following the Acquisition Closing, the Sponsor shall have the authority to institute and prosecute any claims for indemnification hereunder in good faith on behalf of the Indemnified Party to enforce the terms of this Agreement.

Section 11.4. Certain Limitations. The indemnification provided for in this Article XI shall be subject to the following limitations:

(a) The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for indemnification under Section 11.1 until the aggregate amount of all Losses in respect of indemnification thereunder exceeds $250,000.00 (the Deductible), in which event the Indemnifying Party shall only be required to pay or be liable for Losses in excess of the Deductible;

(b) The aggregate amount of all Losses for which an Indemnifying Party shall be liable pursuant to Section 11.1 shall not exceed the Indemnity Escrow Shares;

(c) Payments by an Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Article XI in respect of any Loss shall be limited to the amount of any liability or damage that remains after deducting therefrom any insurance proceeds and any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment received by the Indemnified Party in respect of any such claim. The Indemnified Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to recover under insurance policies or indemnity, contribution or other similar agreements for any Losses; and

(d) Each Indemnified Party shall take, and cause its Affiliates to take, all reasonable steps to mitigate any Loss upon becoming aware of any event or circumstance that would be reasonably expected to, or does, give rise thereto, including incurring costs only to the minimum extent necessary to remedy the breach that gives rise to such Loss.

64

Section 11.5. Escrow of Indemnity Escrow Shares. The Company, the Company Shareholders and the Shareholder Representative hereby authorize PubCo to deposit the Indemnity Escrow Shares, as applicable, in the Indemnity Escrow Account pursuant to the Escrow Agreement. If the Indemnity Escrow Shares are issued and deposited in the Indemnity Escrow Account, such Indemnity Escrow Shares will reduce the PubCo Shares payable to the Company Shareholders, on a Pro Rata Basis, under this Agreement.

(a) Any dividends, interest payments, or other distributions of any kind made in respect of the Indemnity Escrow Shares, if any, will be delivered promptly to the Indemnity Escrow Agent to be held in escrow. The Company Shareholders shall be entitled to vote the Indemnity Escrow Shares on any matters to come before the shareholders of PubCo;

(b) At the times provided for in Section 11.5(d), the Indemnity Escrow Shares shall be released and transferred by the Indemnity Escrow Agent to the Company Shareholders. PubCo will take such action as may be necessary to cause such securities to be issued in the names of the appropriate persons. Certificates representing Indemnity Escrow Shares so issued that are subject to resale restrictions under applicable securities laws will bear a legend to that effect. No fractional shares shall be released and delivered from the Indemnity Escrow Account to the Company Shareholders and all fractional shares shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share;

(c) no Indemnity Escrow Shares or any beneficial interest therein may be pledged, sold, assigned or transferred, including by operation of law, by the Company Shareholders or be taken or reached by any legal or equitable process in satisfaction of any debt or other liability of the Company Shareholders, prior to the transfer and delivery from the Escrow Agent to the Company Shareholders; and

(d) within five business days following expiration of the Survival Period (the Release Date), the Indemnity Escrow Shares will be released from escrow to the Company Shareholders, on a Pro Rata Basis, less the number or amount of Indemnity Escrow Shares (valued at the then market value per share) equal to the amount of any potential Losses set forth in any Indemnification Notice from Sponsor with respect to any pending but unresolved claim for indemnification. Prior to the Release Date, the Shareholder Representative shall deliver to the Indemnity Escrow Agent a certificate executed by him (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) instructing the Indemnity Escrow Agent to release such number of Indemnity Escrow Shares determined in accordance with this Section 11.5. Any Indemnity Escrow Shares retained in escrow as a result of the immediately preceding sentence shall be released and transferred to the Company Shareholders promptly upon resolution of the related claim for indemnification in accordance with the provisions of this Article XI. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any indemnification payments will be made to Sponsor or its successors.

Section 11.6. Payment of Indemnification. In the event the Indemnified Party is determined to be entitled to any indemnification pursuant to this Article XI, such indemnity shall be paid exclusively by delivery or cancellation of Indemnity Escrow Shares to PubCo (valued at the then market value per share).

Section 11.7. Survival. All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits hereto and all certificates, documents, instruments and undertakings furnished pursuant to this Agreement) shall survive for a period of 12 months following the Closing; provided, that the Company Fundamental Representations shall survive indefinitely (the Survival Period). After the expiration of the Survival Period, the Indemnifying Party shall have no further liability for indemnification pursuant to this Article XI other than with respect to the claims already made pursuant to this Article XI or in the case of fraud.

65

Section 11.8. Sole and Exclusive Remedy. The remedies provided in this Article XI shall be deemed the sole and exclusive remedies of the Indemnified Party, from and after the Acquisition Closing Date, with respect to any and all claims arising out of or related to this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, other than in respect of fraud.

ARTICLE XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.1. Trust Account Waiver. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Company and each Acquisition Entity acknowledges that it has read the publicly filed final prospectus of SPAC, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024 (File No. 333-280305), including the form of investment management trust agreement by and between SPAC and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation, and understands that SPAC has established the trust account described therein (the Trust Account) for the benefit of SPACs public shareholders and that disbursements from the Trust Account are available only in the limited circumstances set forth therein. The Company and each Acquisition Entity further acknowledges and agrees that SPACs sole assets consist of the cash proceeds of SPACs initial public offering (the IPO) and private placements of its securities occurring simultaneously with the IPO, and that substantially all of these proceeds have been deposited in the Trust Account for the benefit of its public shareholders. Accordingly, the Company (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) and each Acquisition Entity hereby waives any past, present or future claim of any kind arising out of this Agreement against, and any right to access, the Trust Account, any trustee of the Trust Account and SPAC to collect from the Trust Account any monies that may be owed to them by SPAC or any of its Affiliates for any reason whatsoever, and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account at any time for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, for any knowing and intentional material breach by any of the parties to this Agreement of any of its representations or warranties as set forth in this Agreement, or such partys material breach of any of its covenants or other agreements set forth in this Agreement, which material breach constitutes, or is a consequence of, a purposeful act or failure to act by such party with the knowledge that the taking of such act or failure to take such act would cause a material breach of this Agreement; This Section 12.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.

Section 12.2. Shareholder Representative.

(a) Authority of Shareholder Representative. By approving this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby or by executing and delivering a Letter of Transmittal, each Company Shareholder shall have irrevocably authorized and appointed Shareholder Representative as such Persons representative and attorney-in-fact to act on behalf of such Person with respect to this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement and to take any and all actions and make any decisions required or permitted to be taken by Shareholder Representative pursuant to this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement, including the exercise of the power to:

(i) give and receive notices and communications with respect to the matters set forth in Article XI;

(ii) authorize delivery to Indemnified Party of Indemnity Escrow Shares from the Indemnified Escrow Account in satisfaction of any amounts owed to the Indemnified Party pursuant to Article XI;

(iii) agree to, negotiate, enter into settlements and compromises of, and comply with orders of courts with respect to claims for indemnification made by the Indemnified Party pursuant to Article XI;

66

(iv) litigate, arbitrate, resolve, settle or compromise any claim for indemnification pursuant to Article XI;

(v) execute and deliver all documents necessary or desirable to carry out the intent of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement;

(vi) make all elections or decisions with respect to matters set forth in Article XI of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement;

(vii) engage, employ or appoint any agents or representatives (including attorneys, accountants and consultants) to assist the Shareholder Representative in complying with its duties and obligations hereunder; and

(viii) take all actions necessary or appropriate in the good faith judgment of Shareholder Representative for the accomplishment of the foregoing.

The Indemnified Party shall be entitled to deal exclusively with Shareholder Representative on all matters relating to Article XI of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, and shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any document executed or purported to be executed on behalf of any Company Shareholder by Shareholder Representative, and on any other action taken or purported to be taken on behalf of any Company Shareholder by Shareholder Representative, as being fully binding upon such Person. Any decision or action by Shareholder Representative on all matters relating to Article XI of this Agreement, including any agreement between Shareholder Representative and Indemnified Party relating to the defense, payment or settlement of any claims for indemnification hereunder, shall constitute a decision or action of all Company Shareholders and shall be final, binding and conclusive upon each such Person. No Company Shareholder shall have the right to object to, dissent from, protest or otherwise contest the same. The provisions of this Section 12.2, including the power of attorney granted hereby, are independent and severable, are irrevocable and coupled with an interest and shall not be terminated by any act of any one or Company Shareholders, or by operation of Law.

(b) Resignation or Removal of Shareholder Representative. The Shareholder Representative may resign at any time, and may be removed for any reason or no reason by the vote or written consent of a majority in interest of the Company Shareholders according to the number of Company Shares held by each of the Company Shareholders as of immediately prior to the Acquisition Closing (the Majority Holders); provided, however, in no event shall Shareholder Representative resign or be removed without the Majority Holders having first appointed a new Shareholder Representative who shall assume such duties immediately upon the resignation or removal of Shareholder Representative. In the event of the death, incapacity, resignation or removal of Shareholder Representative, a new Shareholder Representative shall be appointed by the vote or written consent of the Majority Holders. Notice of such vote or a copy of the written consent appointing such new Shareholder Representative shall be sent to the Indemnified Party, such appointment to be effective upon the later of the date indicated in such consent or the date such notice is received by the Indemnified Party; provided, that until such notice is received, the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to rely on the decisions and actions of the prior Shareholder Representative as described in Section 12.2(a) above.

(c) No
Liability; Indemnification. The Shareholder Representative shall not be liable to the Company Shareholders for actions taken
pursuant to this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement, except to the extent such actions shall have been determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to have constituted gross negligence, fraud, intentional misconduct or bad faith (it being understood that
any act done or omitted pursuant to the advice of counsel, accountants and other professionals and experts retained by Shareholder
Representative shall be conclusive evidence of good faith). The Company Shareholders shall severally and not jointly (on a Pro Rata Basis), indemnify and hold harmless

67

Shareholder Representative from and against, compensate
it for, reimburse it for and pay any and all losses, liabilities, claims, actions, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys
fees and disbursements, arising out of and in connection with its activities as Shareholder Representative under this Agreement and the
Escrow Agreement (the Representative Losses), in each case as such Representative Loss is suffered or incurred;
provided, that in the event it is finally adjudicated that a Representative Loss or any portion thereof was primarily caused by the gross
negligence, fraud, intentional misconduct or bad faith of the Shareholder Representative, the Shareholder Representative shall reimburse
the Company Shareholders for the amount of such indemnified Representative Loss attributable to such gross negligence, fraud, intentional
misconduct or bad faith. The Representative Losses shall be satisfied from the Company Shareholders, severally and not jointly (on a
Pro Rata Basis).

Section 12.3. Waiver. Any party to this Agreement may, at any time prior to the Acquisition Closing, by action taken by its board of directors or officers or Persons thereunto duly authorized, (a) extend the time for the performance of the obligations or acts of the other parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties (of another party hereto) that are contained in this Agreement or (c) waive compliance by the other parties hereto with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement, but such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the party granting such extension or waiver.

Section 12.4. Notices. All general notices, demands or other communications required or permitted to be given or made hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by courier or sent by registered post or sent by electronic mail to the intended recipient thereof at its address or at its email address set out below (or to such other address or email address as a party may from time to time notify the other parties). Any such notice, demand or communication shall be deemed to have been duly served (a) if given personally or sent by courier, upon delivery during normal business hours at the location of delivery or, if later, then on the next Business Day after the day of delivery; (b) if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours at the location of delivery, immediately, or, if later, then on the next Business Day after the day of delivery; (c) the third Business Day following the day sent by reputable international overnight courier (with written confirmation of receipt), and (d) if sent by registered post, five days after posting. The initial addresses and email addresses of the parties for the purpose of this Agreement are:

(a) If to SPAC or any Acquisition Entity, to:

Voyager Acquisition Corporation

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, New York 11201

Email: adeel@voyageracq.com

Attn: Adeel Rouf

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol Street, Suite 2400

Houston, Texas 77002

Email: mblankenship@winston.com

Attention: Michael J. Blankenship

68

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Bratschi AG

Bahnhofstrasse 70, P.O. Box, CH-8021

Zurich, Switzerland

Email: claudio.bazzi@bratschi.ch

Attention: Claudio Bazzi

(b) If to the Company or the Shareholder Representative, to:

VERAXA Biotech AG

Talacker 35

8001 Zurich

Switzerland

Attention: Oliver Baumann

Email address: Oliver.baumann@xlifesciences.ch

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Duane Morris LLP

901 New York Avenue N.W., Suite 700 East

Washington, DC 20001-4795

Email: ATucker@duanemorris.com

Attention: Andrew Tucker

Section 12.5. Email address: Assignment. No party hereto shall assign this Agreement or any part hereof without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto and any such transfer without prior written consent shall be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

Section 12.6. Rights of Third Parties. Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to (a) confer upon or give any Person (including any equityholder, any current or former director, manager, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any participant in any Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan, agreement or other arrangement (or any dependent or beneficiary thereof)), other than the parties hereto, any right or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement, (b) establish, amend or modify any employee benefit plan, program, policy, agreement or arrangement or (c) limit the right of SPAC, the Company, any Acquisition Entity or their respective Affiliates to amend, terminate or otherwise modify any Benefit Plan or other employee benefit plan, policy, agreement or other arrangement following the Acquisition Closing; provided, however, that (i) the D&O Indemnified Parties (and their successors, heirs and representatives) are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, Section 6.4, (ii) the Company Non-Recourse Parties and the SPAC Non-Recourse Parties (and their successors, heirs and representatives), are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, Section 12.187 and (iii) the SPAC Director is an intended third party beneficiary of, and may enforce, after the Initial Closing and prior to the Acquisition Closing, Section 22 and this Section 12.6 (iii) and all rights described in this Agreement as being rights of SPAC.

Section 12.7. Expenses. Except as set forth in Sections 8.1(c) and Section 8.2(a)(i), each party hereto shall be responsible for and pay its own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, including all fees of its legal counsel, financial advisers and accountants; provided, however, that if the Acquisition Closing shall occur, PubCo shall pay or cause to be paid, in accordance with Section 2.4(b) the SPAC Transaction Expenses and the Company Transaction Expenses.

69

Section 12.8. Governing Law. This Agreement, and any claim or cause of action hereunder based upon, arising out of or related to this Agreement (whether based on law, in equity, in contract, in tort or any other theory) or the negotiation, execution, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws that would otherwise require the application of the law of any other state (provided that the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of SPAC, the Initial Merger and the Acquisition Merger and any exercise of appraisal and dissenters rights with respect to the Initial Merger or Acquisition Merger, and any acts of the Company and the PubCo for which mandatory law provisions apply shall in each case be governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands or Switzerland, as applicable).

Section 12.9. Consent to Jurisdiction. THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK SOLELY IN RESPECT OF THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, AND HEREBY WAIVE, AND AGREE NOT TO ASSERT, AS A DEFENSE IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING FOR INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR THAT SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING MAY NOT BE BROUGHT OR IS NOT MAINTAINABLE IN SAID COURTS OR THAT VENUE THEREOF MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE OR THAT THIS AGREEMENT MAY NOT BE ENFORCED IN OR BY SUCH COURTS, AND THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED BY SUCH A DELAWARE STATE OR FEDERAL COURT. THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO AND GRANT ANY SUCH COURT JURISDICTION OVER THE PERSON OF SUCH PARTIES AND OVER THE SUBJECT MATTER OF SUCH DISPUTE AND AGREE THAT MAILING OF PROCESS OR OTHER PAPERS IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN SECTION 12.4 OR IN SUCH OTHER MANNER AS MAY BE PERMITTED BY LAW SHALL BE VALID AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE THEREOF. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER; (II) SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THE FOREGOING WAIVER; (III) SUCH PARTY MAKES THE FOREGOING WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (IV) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 12.9.

Section 12.10. Headings; Counterparts. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be considered a part of or affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by different parties in separate counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Copies of executed counterparts of this Agreement transmitted by electronic transmission (including by email or in .pdf format) or facsimile as well as electronically or digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the same legal effect as original signatures and shall be considered original executed counterparts of this Agreement.

70

Section 12.11. Disclosure Letters. The Disclosure Letters (including any section thereof) referenced in this Agreement are a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. All references in this Agreement to the Disclosure Letters (including, in each case, any section thereof) shall be deemed references to such parts of this Agreement, unless the context shall otherwise require. Any disclosure made by a party in the applicable Disclosure Letter, or any section thereof, with reference to any section of this Agreement or section of the applicable Disclosure Letter shall be deemed to be a disclosure with respect to such other applicable sections of this Agreement or sections of the applicable Disclosure Letter to which it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure that such disclosure is responsive to such other section of this Agreement or section of the applicable Disclosure Letter. Certain information set forth in the Disclosure Letters is included solely for informational purposes and may not be required to be disclosed pursuant to this Agreement. The disclosure of any information shall not be deemed to constitute an acknowledgment that such information is required to be disclosed in connection with the representations and warranties made in this Agreement, nor shall such information be deemed to establish a standard of materiality or that the facts underlying such information constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect or a SPAC Material Adverse Effect, as applicable.

Section 12.12. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the Disclosure Letters) and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties to this Agreement relating to the Transactions and supersede any other agreements, whether written or oral, that may have been made or entered into by or among any of the parties hereto or any of their respective Subsidiaries relating to the Transactions. No representations, warranties, covenants, understandings, agreements, oral or otherwise, relating to the Transactions exist between such parties except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents.

Section 12.13. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part prior to the Initial Merger Effective Time, only by a duly authorized agreement in writing in the same manner as this Agreement, which makes reference to this Agreement and which shall be executed by the Company and SPAC; provided, however, that after the Company Shareholders Approval or the SPAC Shareholders Approval has been obtained, there shall be no amendment or waiver that by applicable Law requires further approval by the shareholders of the Company or the shareholders of SPAC, respectively, without such approval having been obtained.

Section 12.14. Publicity.

(a) All press releases or other public communications relating to the Transactions, and the method of the release for publication thereof, shall prior to the Acquisition Closing be subject to the prior mutual approval of SPAC and the Company; provided, that no such party shall be required to obtain consent pursuant to this Section 12.14(a) to the extent any proposed release or statement is substantially equivalent to the information that has previously been made public without breach of the obligation under this Section 12.14(a).

(b) The restriction in Section 12.14(a) shall not apply to the extent the public announcement is required by applicable securities Law, any Governmental Authority or stock exchange rule; provided, however, that in such an event, the party making the announcement shall, to the extent practicable, use its commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the other party in advance as to its form, content and timing.

71

Section 12.15. Confidentiality. Except as necessary to complete the Proxy Statement, the Group Companies, on the one hand, and SPAC and Acquisition Entities, on the other hand, shall hold and shall cause their respective representatives to hold in strict confidence, unless compelled to disclose by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, all documents and information concerning the other party furnished to it by such other party or its representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except to the extent that such information can be shown to have been (a) previously known by the party to which it was furnished, (b) in the public domain through no fault of such party or (c) later lawfully acquired from other sources, which source is not the agent of the other party, by the party to which it was furnished), and each party shall not release or disclose such information to any other person, except its representatives in connection with this Agreement. In the event that any party believes that it is required to disclose any such confidential information pursuant to applicable Laws, such party shall give timely written notice to the other parties so that such parties may have an opportunity to obtain a protective order or other appropriate relief. Each party shall be deemed to have satisfied its obligations to hold confidential information concerning or supplied by the other parties if it exercises the same care as it takes to preserve confidentiality for its own similar information. The parties acknowledge that some previously confidential information will be required to be disclosed in the Proxy Statement.

Section 12.16. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties hereto further agree that if any provision contained in this Agreement is, to any extent, held invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the Laws governing this Agreement, they shall take any actions necessary to render the remaining provisions of this Agreement valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Law and, to the extent necessary, shall amend or otherwise modify this Agreement to replace any provision contained in this Agreement that is held invalid or unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to the intent of the parties hereto.

Section 12.17. Enforcement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to specific enforcement of the terms and provisions of this Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which any party is entitled at law or in equity. In the event that any Action shall be brought in equity to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, no party shall allege, and each party hereby waives the defense, that there is an adequate remedy at law, and each party agrees to waiver any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection therewith.

Section 12.18. Non-Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the Transactions may only be brought against, the Company, SPAC, and the Acquisition Entities as named parties hereto. Except to the extent a party hereto (and then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such party hereto) and, in the case of Sponsor and Sponsor Affiliate, pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which they are a party, (i) no past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, advisor or other Representative of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (each, a Company Non-Recourse Party) or of SPAC or any Acquisition Entity (each, an SPAC Non-Recourse Party) and (ii) no past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, advisor or other Representative of any of the foregoing shall have any liability (whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) for any one or more of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations or liabilities of any one or more of the Company, SPAC or the Acquisition Entities under this Agreement for any claim based on, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the Transactions.

72

Section 12.19. Conflicts and Privilege.

(a) The Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities, on behalf of their respective successors and assigns, hereby agree that, in the event a dispute with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby arises after the Acquisition Closing between or among (x) the Sponsor, the shareholders or holders of other equity interests of SPAC or the Sponsor or any of their respective directors, members, partners, officers, employees or Affiliates (other than PubCo or the Surviving Corporation) (collectively, the Voyager Group), on the one hand, and (y) PubCo, the Surviving Corporation or any member of the Veraxa Group, on the other hand, any legal counsel, including Winston & Strawn LLP (Winston), Bratschi Ltd. (Bratschi) and Noerr Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB (Noerr) (each an Acquirer Counsel), that represented SPAC or the Sponsor prior to the Acquisition Closing may represent the Sponsor or any other member of the Voyager Group, in such dispute even though the interests of such Persons may be directly adverse to PubCo or the Surviving Corporation, and even though such counsel may have represented SPAC in a matter substantially related to such dispute, or may be handling ongoing matters for PubCo, the Surviving Corporation or the Sponsor. The Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities, on behalf of their respective successors and assigns (including, after the Acquisition Closing, the Surviving Corporation), further agree that, as to all legally privileged communications prior to the Acquisition Closing (made in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance under, or any dispute or Action arising out of or relating to, this Agreement, any Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby) between or among SPAC, the Sponsor or any other member of the Voyager Group, on the one hand, and any Acquirer Counsel, on the other hand, the attorney/client privilege and the expectation of client confidence shall survive the Mergers and belong to the Voyager Group after the Acquisition Closing, and shall not pass to or be claimed or controlled by PubCo or the Surviving Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any privileged communications or information shared by the Company prior to the Acquisition Closing with SPAC or the Sponsor under a common interest agreement shall remain the privileged communications or information of PubCo and the Surviving Corporation.

(b) The Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities, on behalf of their respective successors and assigns, hereby agree that, in the event a dispute with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby arises after the Acquisition Closing between or among (x) the shareholders or holders of other equity interests of the Company or any of their respective directors, members, partners, officers, employees or Affiliates (other than PubCo or the Surviving Corporation) (collectively, the Veraxa Group), on the one hand, and (y) the Surviving Corporation or any member of the Voyager Group, on the other hand, any legal counsel, including Duane Morris LLP and Walder Wyss Ltd. (WW), and Esche Schmann Commichau (Esche; together with Duane Morris and WW, and each, Target Counsel) that represented the Company prior to the Acquisition Closing may represent any member of the Veraxa Group in such dispute even though the interests of such Persons may be directly adverse to PubCo and the Surviving Corporation, and even though such counsel may have represented the Company in a matter substantially related to such dispute, or may be handling ongoing matters for PubCo and the Surviving Corporation. The Company, SPAC and the Acquisition Entities, on behalf of their respective successors and assigns (including, after the Acquisition Closing, the Surviving Corporation), further agree that, as to all legally privileged communications prior to the Acquisition Closing (made in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance under, or any dispute or Action arising out of or relating to, this Agreement, any Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby) between or among the Company or any member of the Veraxa Group, on the one hand, and any Target Counsel, on the other hand, the attorney/client privilege and the expectation of client confidence shall survive the Mergers and belong to the Veraxa Group after the Acquisition Closing, and shall not pass to or be claimed or controlled by PubCo or the Surviving Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any privileged communications or information shared by SPAC or Sponsor prior to the Acquisition Closing with the Company under a common interest agreement shall remain the privileged communications or information of PubCo or the Surviving Corporation.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

73

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

SPAC:

Voyager Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel Rouf

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Business Combination Agreement]

74

COMPANY:

VERAXA BIOTECH AG

By: /s/ Christoph Antz

Name: Christoph Antz

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/ Oliver Baumann

Name: Oliver Baumann

Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors

[Signature Page to Business Combination Agreement]

75

SHAREHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE:

Oliver Baumann

By: /s/ Oliver Baumann

Oliver Baumann

[Signature Page to Business Combination Agreement]

76
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>voyageracq_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

VOTING, SUPPORT AND LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, dated as of April 22, 2025 (this Agreement), among Voyager Acquisition Corp., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (SPAC), VERAXA Biotech AG, a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) (the Company) and the persons listed on Schedule A hereto (each, a Shareholder and collectively, the Shareholders).

WHEREAS, the Company, SPAC and Oliver Baumann, an individual, solely in his capacity as representative for the Company Shareholders (the Shareholder Representative), are concurrently herewith entering into a Business Combination Agreement (as the same may be amended, restated or supplemented, the Business Combination Agreement; capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement) providing for the merger of SPAC with and into Merger Sub with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, and the subsequent merger of the Company with and into PubCo with PubCo surviving (the Merger);

WHEREAS, each Shareholder is, as of the date of this Agreement, the holder of record and the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of the number of Ordinary Shares of the Company set forth opposite such Shareholders name on Schedule A hereto (such Ordinary Shares, together with any other Company Shares acquired by such Shareholder after the date of this Agreement and during the term of this Agreement, being collectively referred to herein as the Subject Shares); and

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to the Companys willingness to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated therein, the parties hereto desire to agree to certain matters set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the Shareholders. Each Shareholder severally and not jointly hereby represents and warrants to SPAC and the Company as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. If such Shareholder is not a natural person, such Shareholder has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, formed, organized or constituted and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. If such Shareholder is a natural person, such Shareholder has full legal capacity, right and authority to execute this Agreement and perform his/her obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Such Shareholder is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such Shareholders jurisdiction of formation or organization) as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation (or other entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in such Shareholders jurisdiction of formation or organization), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of such Shareholder to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) Authority. If such Shareholder is not a natural person, such Shareholder has all requisite corporate, limited liability company or organizational power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder and all corporate actions on the part of such Shareholder necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all its obligations hereunder (including any board approval) have been taken. If such Shareholder is a natural person, such Shareholder has full legal capacity, right and authority to execute this Agreement and perform their obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement is, or when executed by the other parties hereto, will be, a valid and legally binding obligations of such Shareholder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. If such Shareholder is a natural person who is married and resides in a community property jurisdiction, then such Shareholders spouse has executed and delivered to SPAC a spousal consent in the form of Annex I hereto concurrent with the execution and delivery hereof. If this Agreement is being executed in a representative or fiduciary capacity, the Person signing this Agreement has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of such Shareholder.

(c) Consents No Conflicts. Other than any filings to be made under applicable federal or state securities laws, all filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case on the part of such Shareholder, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Shareholder does not, and the consummation by such Shareholder of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of such Shareholder) or cancellation under, (x) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Shareholder (if such Shareholder is not a natural person), (iii) subject to any filings to be made under applicable federal or state securities laws, any applicable Law, (iv) any Contract to which such Shareholder is a party or by which its assets are bound, or (y) result in the creation of any lien or encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of such Shareholder other than liens or encumbrances pursuant to the Company Charter, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or applicable federal or state securities laws, except in the case of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (x), as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of any such Shareholder to enter into and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

2

(d) The Subject Shares. Except as previously disclosed to SPAC and the Company such Shareholder is the sole record and beneficial owner (as defined in the Securities Act) of, and has good title to, the Company Shares set forth opposite such Shareholders name on Schedule A hereto, and all such Subject Shares are owned by such Shareholder free and clear of all liens or encumbrances or any other liabilities or restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of the Subject Shares (other than transfer restrictions under the Securities Act)), other than liens or encumbrances pursuant to the Company Charter, this Agreement or applicable federal or state securities laws. Such Shareholder does not own of record or beneficially any shares of the Company other than the Subject Shares. Such Shareholder has the sole right to vote the Subject Shares, and none of the Subject Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement, arrangement or restriction with respect to the voting of the Subject Shares, except as contemplated by this Agreement and the voting and other arrangements under the Company Charter (as of the date hereof and as it may be amended with SPACs approval).

(e) Business Combination Agreement. Such Shareholder understands and acknowledges that SPAC and the Company are entering into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon the Shareholders execution and delivery of this Agreement. Such Shareholder has received a copy of the Business Combination Agreement and is familiar with the provisions of the Business Combination Agreement.

(f) Adequate Information. Such Shareholder is a sophisticated shareholder and has adequate information concerning the business and financial condition of SPAC and the Company to make an informed decision regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and has independently and without reliance upon SPAC or the Company and based on such information as such Shareholder has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Such Shareholder acknowledges that SPAC and the Company have not made and do not make any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, of any kind or character except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Such Shareholder acknowledges that the agreements contained herein with respect to the Subject Shares held by such Shareholder are irrevocable.

(g) Restricted Securities. Such Shareholder understands that the Shareholder Merger Consideration that such Shareholder may receive in connection with its Subject Shares and the Acquisition Merger, may be restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws (and if, such Shareholder is an affiliate of PubCo, control securities as such term is used under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act) and that, pursuant to these laws, such Shareholder must hold such Shareholder Merger Consideration indefinitely unless (i) they are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities, or (ii) an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available, and that any certificates or book entries representing the PubCo Ordinary Shares shall contain a legend to such effect.

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of SPAC. SPAC hereby represents and warrants to the Company and each Shareholder as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. SPAC is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the Cayman Islands and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. SPAC is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing, as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of SPAC to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

3

(b) Authority. SPAC has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder. All corporate actions on the part of SPAC necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all its obligations hereunder (including any board approval) have been taken. This Agreement is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of SPAC, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Consents No Conflicts. All filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case on the part of SPAC, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by SPAC does not, and the consummation by SPAC of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of SPAC) or cancellation under, (x) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of SPAC, (iii) any applicable Law, (iv) any Contract to which SPAC is a party or by which its assets are bound, or (y) result in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of SPAC other than any restrictions created by or arising under federal or state securities laws, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the SPAC Charter, except in the case of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (x), as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of SPAC to enter into and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to SPAC and each Shareholder as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company is a company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of Switzerland and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. The Company is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the Companys jurisdiction of formation) as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation (or other entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the Companys jurisdiction of formation), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have Company Material Adverse Effect.

4

(b) Authority. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder, subject to the Company Shareholders Approval. Except for the Company Shareholders Approval, all corporate actions on the part of the Company necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all its obligations hereunder (including any board approval) have been taken. This Agreement is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Consents No Conflicts. Assuming the representations in Section 1 and 2 are correct, except (a) as otherwise set forth in Section 3.5(a) through (d) of the Business Combination Agreement, all filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case on the part of the Company, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 3.5(a) through (d) of the Business Combination Agreement, result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of the Company) or cancellation under, (x) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of the Company, (iii) any applicable Law, (iv) any Material Contract, or (y) result in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of the Company other than any restrictions under federal and state securities laws, the Transaction Documents, the Company Charter and Permitted Encumbrances, except in the case of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (x), as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Lock-up Obligations of Shareholders. The Company has not entered into any agreement or otherwise agreed with the Shareholders with respect to any lock-up restriction related to the PubCo Ordinary Shares other than those contained in this Agreement.

Section 4. Agreement to Vote Certain Other Covenants of the Shareholders. Each Shareholder covenants and agrees during the term of this Agreement as follows:

(a) Agreement to Vote.

5

(1) In Favor of Acquisition Merger. At any meeting of the shareholders of the Company called to seek the Company Shareholders Approval, or at any adjournment thereof, or in connection with any written consent of the shareholders of the Company or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval with respect to the Business Combination Agreement, any other Transaction Document, the Acquisition Merger, or any other Transaction is sought, such Shareholder shall (i), if a meeting is held, appear at such meeting or otherwise cause the Subject Shares to be counted as present at such meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum, and (ii) vote or cause to be voted (including by class vote and/or written consent, if applicable) the Subject Shares in favor of granting the Company Shareholders Approval or, if there are insufficient votes in favor of granting the Company Shareholders Approval, in favor of the adjournment such meeting of the shareholders of the Company to a later date.

(2) Against Other Transactions. At any meeting of shareholders of the Company or at any adjournment thereof, or in connection with any written consent of the shareholders of the Company or in any other circumstances upon which such Shareholders vote, consent or other approval is sought, such Shareholder shall vote (or cause to be voted) the Subject Shares (including by withholding class vote and/or written consent, if applicable) against (i) any business combination agreement, merger agreement or merger (other than the Business Combination Agreement and the Acquisition Merger), scheme of arrangement, business combination, consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company or any public offering of any Equity Securities of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or, in case of a public offering only, a newly-formed holding company of the Company or such Subsidiaries, other than in connection with the Transactions, (ii) any Company Acquisition Proposal, and (iii) other than any amendment to the Company Charter permitted under Section 6.1 of the Business Combination Agreement, any amendment of the Company Charter or other proposal or transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which, in each of cases (i) and (iii) of this sentence, would be reasonably likely to in any material respect impede, interfere with, delay or attempt to discourage, frustrate the purposes of, result in a breach by the Company of, prevent or nullify any provision of the Business Combination Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the Acquisition Merger, or any other Transaction or change in any manner the voting rights of any class of Companys share capital.

(3) Revoke Other Proxies. Such Shareholder represents and warrants that any proxies heretofore given in respect of the Subject Shares that may still be in effect are not irrevocable, and such proxies have been or are hereby revoked, other than the voting and other arrangements under the Company Charter (as of the date hereof and as it may be amended with SPACs approval).

(4) Irrevocable Proxy. Such Shareholder hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grants to, and appoints, SPAC and any individual designated in writing by SPAC, and each of them individually, as such Shareholders proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of such Shareholder, to vote the Subject Shares, or grant a written consent or approval in respect of the Subject Shares in a manner consistent with this Section 4(a). Such Shareholder understands and acknowledges that SPAC is entering into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon such Shareholders execution and delivery of this Agreement. Such Shareholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Section 4(a)(4) is given in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of such Shareholder under this Agreement. Such Shareholder hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Such Shareholder hereby ratifies and confirms all that such irrevocable proxy may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. The irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall only terminate upon the termination of this Agreement. Should such Shareholder, any time after this Agreement and until the Closing Date, be requested to issue individual proxies, specific voting instructions or further documents required by the laws applicable to the Company or the notary notarizing any Company Shareholders Approval, such Shareholder hereby undertakes to promptly implement all steps necessary in order to give effect to such request.

6

(b) No Transfer. Other than pursuant to this Agreement or upon the consent of SPAC, from the date of this Agreement until the date of termination of this Agreement, such Shareholder shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) sell, transfer, tender, grant, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of (including by gift, tender or exchange offer, merger or operation of law), encumber, hedge or utilize a derivative to transfer the economic interest in, or enter into any Contract, option or other arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement) with respect to any of the foregoing of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules or regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, with respect to any Subject Shares to any person other than pursuant to the Acquisition Merger, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in party any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Subject Shares, whether any such transaction is settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, (iii) grant any proxies or enter into any voting arrangement, whether by proxy, voting agreement, voting trust, voting deed or otherwise (including pursuant to any loan of Subject Shares), or enter into any other agreement, with respect to any Subject Shares, in each case, other than as set forth in this Agreement and the Company Charter (as of the date hereof and as it may be amended with SPACs approval), (iv) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) through (iii) (the actions specified in (i) through (iii), collectively (a Transfer), other than pursuant to the Merger, (v) take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such Shareholder herein untrue or incorrect, or have the effect of preventing or disabling such Shareholder from performing its obligations hereunder, or, (vi) commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions or take any other action or enter into any Contract that would reasonably be expected to make any of its representations or warranties contained herein untrue or incorrect or would have the effect of preventing or delaying such Shareholder from performing any of its obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company Shareholder may make Transfers of the Subject Shares (A) pursuant to this Agreement, (B) upon the consent of the Company and SPAC. Any action attempted to be taken in violation of the preceding sentences will be null and void. Such Shareholder agrees with, and covenants to, SPAC and the Company that such Shareholder shall not request that the Company register the Transfer (by book-entry or otherwise) of any certificated or uncertificated interest representing any of the Subject Shares.

(c) Waiver of Dissenters Rights. The Shareholder hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to exercise or assert, any dissenters rights under the Swiss Code of Obligations and any other similar statute in connection with the Acquisition Merger and the Business Combination Agreement.

7

(d) New Shares. In the event that prior to the Acquisition Closing (i) any Company Shares or other securities are issued or otherwise distributed to a Shareholder pursuant to any stock dividend or distribution, or any change in any of the Ordinary Shares by reason of any stock split-up, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or the like, (ii) a Shareholder acquires legal or beneficial ownership of any Company Shares after the date of this Agreement or (iii) a Shareholder acquires the right to vote or share in the voting of any Company Share after the date of this Agreement (together the New Securities), the terms Subject Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such New Securities (including all such stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or all of the Subject Shares may be changed or exchanged into).

Section 5. Shareholder Lock-Up. The Shareholders agree that it, he or she shall not Transfer:

(a) any PubCo Ordinary Shares received as Shareholder Merger Consideration until the earlier of (i) six months after the Acquisition Closing or (ii) subsequent to the Acquisition Closing, the date on which PubCo consummates a transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property; and

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in Section 5(a) above, Transfers of the PubCo Ordinary Shares that are held by each Shareholder or their permitted transferees, are permitted (a) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (b) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (c) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (c) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions.

Section 6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the Acquisition Effective Time (provided, however, that upon such termination, Section 5 shall survive in accordance with its terms, and Section 4(c), this Section 6 and Section 7, shall survive indefinitely) and (ii) the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms, and upon such termination, no party shall have any liability hereunder other than for its willful and material breach of this Agreement prior to such termination.

Section 7. Additional Matters. Each Shareholder shall, from time to time, (i) execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional or further consents, documents and other instruments as SPAC, the Company or PubCo may reasonably request for the purpose of effectively carrying out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (ii) refrain from exercising any veto right, consent right or similar right (whether under the Company Charter or the Swiss Code of Obligations) which would impede, disrupt, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of the Acquisition Merger or any other Transaction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Shareholder hereby agrees by virtue of signing this Agreement that such Shareholder hereby waives any and all individual approval or consent rights such Shareholder may have under the Company Charter or the Swiss Code of Obligations with respect to the Business Combination Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is or will be a party, the Acquisition Merger or any other Transaction contemplated by any of the foregoing.

8

(a) Neither the Company nor PubCo shall amend or waive any lock-up restriction agreed with the Shareholders hereunder, or otherwise approve a Transfer hereunder, unless the Company or PubCo, as the case may be, extends such amendment, approval and/or waiver to all Shareholders party hereto, under the same terms and conditions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the timing of any release from such lock-up restriction) and on a pro rata basis. The Company and PubCo shall provide at least five business day advance written notice to all Shareholders hereunder of any such amendment, approval or waiver.

Section 8. General Provisions.

(a) Capacity as Shareholder. Each Shareholder signs this Agreement solely in such Shareholders capacity as a shareholder of the Company, and not in such Shareholders capacity as a director or officer of the Company, if applicable.

(b) Notice. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to SPAC, the Company or PubCo in accordance with 12.4 of the Business Combination Agreement and to each Shareholder at its address set forth on Schedule A hereto (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice).

(c) Miscellaneous. The provisions of 1.3 and Article XII of the Business Combination Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis, as if set forth in full herein.

[Signature pages follow]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

For Shareholders which are Entities: For Shareholders who are Natural Persons: 

Name of Entity as stated in its Charter 

By: By: /s/ David L. Deck

Title: Name: David L. Deck

Title: Shareholder

By: /s/ Carl von Halem

Name: Carl von Halem

Title: Shareholder

By: /s/ Oliver Baumann

Name: Oliver Baumann

Title: Shareholder

By: /s/ Gilbert Schni

Name: Gilbert Schni

Title: Shareholder

[Signature Page to Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreement]

10

VOYAGER ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreement]

11

VERAXA BIOTECH AG

By: /s/ Christoph Antz 

Name: Christoph Antz 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By: /s/ Oliver Baumann 

Name: Oliver Baumann 

Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

[Signature Page to Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreement]

12

ANNEX I

Spousal Consent

The undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned is the spouse of:

Name of Shareholder

and that the undersigned is familiar with the terms of the Voting, Support and Lock-Up Agreement (the Agreement), dated as of April 22, 2025, among Voyager Acquisition Corp., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, VERAXA Biotech AG, a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), the undersigneds spouse, and any other parties signatory thereto and the terms of the Business Combination Agreement dated as of April 22, 2025 among VERAXA Biotech AG, Voyager Acquisition Corp and Oliver Baumann, an individual, solely in his capacity as shareholder representative. The undersigned hereby agrees that the interest of the undersigneds spouse in all property which is the subject of the Agreement shall be irrevocably bound by the terms of the Agreement and by any amendment, modification, waiver or termination signed by the undersigneds spouse. The undersigned further agrees that the undersigneds community property interest or quasi community property interest in all property which is the subject of the Agreement shall be irrevocably bound by the terms of the Agreement, and that the Agreement shall be binding on the executors, administrators, heirs and assigns of the undersigned. The undersigned further authorizes the undersigneds spouse to amend, modify or terminate the Agreement, or waive any rights thereunder, and that each such amendment, modification, waiver or termination signed by the undersigneds spouse shall be binding on the community property interest or quasi community property interest of undersigned in all property which is the subject of the Agreement and on the executors, administrators, heirs and assigns of the undersigned, each as fully as if the undersigned had signed such amendment, modification, waiver or termination.

EXECUTED for and on behalf of:

Dated: __, 2025 

Name:

Witness:

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>voyageracq_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SPONSOR SUPPORT AGREEMENT, dated as of April 22, 2025 (this Agreement), among VERAXA Biotech AG, a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) (the Company), Voyager Acquisition Corp., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (SPAC), and Voyager Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sponsor).

WHEREAS, the Company, SPAC and Oliver Baumann, an individual, solely in his capacity as representative for the Company Shareholders (the Shareholder Representative), are concurrently herewith entering into a Business Combination Agreement (as the same may be amended, restated or supplemented, the Business Combination Agreement capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement) providing for the merger of SPAC with and into Merger Sub with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, and the subsequent merger of the Company with and into PubCo with PubCo surviving (the Merger)

WHEREAS, Sponsor is, as of the date of this Agreement, the sole holder of record and the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of such number of SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares and SPAC Warrants set forth opposite Sponsors name on Schedule A hereto (such SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares, together with any SPAC Shares acquired by Sponsor after the date of this Agreement and during the term of this Agreement, being collectively referred to herein as the Subject Shares) and

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to the Companys willingness to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated therein, the parties hereto desire to agree to certain matters set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the Sponsor. Sponsor hereby represents and warrants to SPAC and the Company and as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. Sponsor has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, formed, organized or constitued and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. Sponsor is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in Sponsors jurisdiction of formation) as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation (or other entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in Sponsors jurisdiction of formation), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of Sponsor to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) Authority. Sponsor has all requisite corporate, limited liability company or organizational power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder and all corporate actions on the part of Sponsor necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all its obligations hereunder (including any board approval) have been taken. This Agreement is, or when executed the other parties hereto, will be a valid and legally binding obligations of Sponsor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable Laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by appliable Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. If this Agreement is being executed in a representative or fiduciary capacity, the Person signing this Agreement has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the Sponsor.

(c) Consents No Conflicts. All filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case on the part of Sponsor, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Sponsor does not, and the consummation by Sponsor of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of Sponsor) or cancellation under, (x) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of Sponsor, (iii) any applicable Law, (iv) any Contract to which Sponsor is a party or by which its assets are bound, or (y) result in the creation of any lien or encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of Sponsor other than liens or encumbrances pursuant to the SPAC Charter, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or applicable securities laws, except in the case of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (x), as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of Sponsor to enter into and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. No consent of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained or made by Sponsor in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Sponsor of this Agreement or the consummation by Sponsor of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d) SPAC Securities. Sponsor is the sole record and beneficial owner (as defined in the Securities Act) of, and has good title to, the SPAC Securities set forth opposite Sponsors name on Schedule A hereto, and all such SPAC Securities are owned by Sponsor free and clear of all liens or encumbrances, or any other liabilities or restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of the Subject Shares (other than transfer restrictions under the Securities Act)), other than liens or encumbrances pursuant to the SPAC Charter, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or applicable securities laws. Sponsor does not own of record or beneficially any shares or warrants of SPAC other than the SPAC Securities set forth opposite Sponsors name on Schedule A hereto. Sponsor has the sole right to vote the Subject Shares, and none of the Subject Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement, arrangement or restriction with respect to the voting of the Subject Shares, except as contemplated by this Agreement.

2

(e) Business Combination Agreement. Sponsor understands and acknowledges that SPAC and the Company are entering into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon the Sponsors execution and delivery of this Agreement. Sponsor has received a copy of the Business Combination Agreement and is familiar with the provisions of the Business Combination Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, by executing this Agreement, Sponsor hereby consents to the SPAC entering into the Business Combination Agreement.

(f) Adequate Information. Sponsor is a sophisticated shareholder and has adequate information concerning the business and financial condition of SPAC and the Company to make an informed decision regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and has independently and without reliance upon SPAC or the Company and based on such information as Sponsor has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Sponsor acknowledges that SPAC and the Company have not made and do not make any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, of any kind or character except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Sponsor acknowledges that the agreements contained herein with respect to the Subject Shares held by Sponsor are irrevocable.

(g) Restricted Securities. Sponsor understands that the Shareholder Merger Consideration that Sponsor may receive in connection with its Subject Shares, the Initial Merger, and the Sponsor Third Amended and Restated Subscription Agreement will be restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, Sponsor must hold such Shareholder Merger Consideration indefinitely unless (i) they are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities, or (ii) an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available, and that any certificates or book entries representing the PubCo Ordinary Shares shall contain a legend to such effect.

(h) Litigation. There are no Actions pending against Sponsor, or to the knowledge of Sponsor, threatened against Sponsor, before (or, in the case of threatened Actions, that would be before) any arbitrator or any Governmental Authority, which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance by Sponsor of its obligations under this Agreement.

(i) Brokerage Fees. Except as described on Section 4.10 of the SPAC Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder, investment banker or other Person is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee or other commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement based upon arrangements made by Sponsor for which SPAC or any of its Affiliates may become liable.

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of SPAC. SPAC hereby represents and warrants to the Company and Sponsor as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. SPAC is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the Cayman Islands and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. SPAC is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing as a foreign or extra- provincial corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing, as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of SPAC to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

3

(b) Authority. SPAC has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder. All corporate actions on the part of SPAC necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all its obligations hereunder (including any board approval) have been taken. This Agreement is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of SPAC, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable Laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by applicable Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Consents No Conflicts. All filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case on the part of SPAC, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by SPAC does not, and the consummation by SPAC of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of SPAC) or cancellation under, (x) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of SPAC, (iii) any applicable Law, (iv) any Contract to which SPAC is a party or by which its assets are bound, or (y) result in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of SPAC other than any restrictions created by or arising under federal or state securities laws, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the SPAC Charter, except in the case of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (x), as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the ability of SPAC to enter into and perform this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to SPAC and Sponsor as follows:

(a) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company is a company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and contemplated to be conducted. The Company is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the Companys jurisdiction of formation) as a foreign or extra-provincial corporation (or other entity, if applicable) in each jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the character of its activities is such as to require it to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the Companys jurisdiction of formation), as applicable, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified or in good standing would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

4

(b) Authority. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder, subject to the Company Shareholders Approval. Except for the Company Shareholders Approval, all corporate actions on the part of the Company necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all its obligations hereunder (including any board approval) have been taken. This Agreement is, or when executed by the other parties thereto, will be, valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other applicable Laws now or hereafter in effect of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii) as limited by applicable Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Consents No Conflicts. Assuming the representations in Section 1 and 2 are correct, except (a) as otherwise set forth in Section 3.5(a) through (d) of the Business Combination Agreement, all filings, notifications, notices, submissions, applications, or consents from or with any Governmental Authority or any other Person required in connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case on the part of the Company, have been duly obtained or completed (as applicable) and are in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company does not, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 3.5(a) through (d) of the Business Combination Agreement, result in any violation of, be in conflict with, or constitute a default under, require any consent under, or give any Person rights of termination, amendment, acceleration (including acceleration of any obligation of the Company) or cancellation under, (x) (i) any Governmental Order, (ii) any provision of the Organizational Documents of the Company, (iii) any applicable Law, (iv) any Material Contract, or (y) result in the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the properties or assets of the Company other than any restrictions under federal and state securities laws, the Transaction Documents, the Company Charter and Permitted Encumbrances, except in the case of sub-clauses (i), (iii), and (iv) of clause (x), as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4. Agreement to Vote Certain Other Covenants of the Sponsor. Sponsor covenants and agrees during the term of this Agreement as follows:

(a) Agreement to Vote.

(1) In Favor of Initial Merger and the Transaction Proposals. At any meeting of the shareholders of SPAC called to seek the SPAC Shareholders Approval, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or in connection with any written consent of the shareholders of SPAC or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent or other approval with respect to the Business Combination Agreement, any other Transaction Document, the Initial Merger, or any other Transaction is sought, Sponsor shall (i), if a meeting is held, appear at such meeting or otherwise cause the Subject Shares to be counted as present at such meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum, and (ii) vote or cause to be voted (including by class vote and/or written consent, if applicable) the Subject Shares in favor of granting the SPAC Shareholders Approval or, if there are insufficient votes in favor of granting the SPAC Shareholders Approval, in favor of the adjournment or postponement of such meeting of the shareholders of SPAC to a later date.

5

(2) Against Other Transactions. At any meeting of shareholders of SPAC or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or in connection with any written consent of the shareholders of SPAC or in any other circumstances upon which Sponsors vote, consent or other approval is sought, Sponsor shall vote (or cause to be voted) the Subject Shares (including by withholding class vote and/or written consent, if applicable) against (i) any business combination agreement, merger agreement or merger (other than the Business Combination Agreement and the Initial Merger), scheme of arrangement, business combination, consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by SPAC or any public offering of Equity Securities of SPAC, (ii) any SPAC Acquisition Proposal, (iii) any change in the business, management or board of directors of SPAC (other than in connection with the SPAC Shareholders Approval), and (iv) any proposal, action or agreement, including but not limited to, any amendment of the SPAC Charter or other proposal or transaction involving SPAC or any of its Subsidiaries, which amendment or other proposal or transaction would be reasonably likely to, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to, (A) impede, interfere with, delay or attempt to discourage, frustrate the purposes of, result in the termination or failure to consummate of, prevent or nullify any provision of, this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the Initial Merger or any other Transaction, (B) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the SPAC under this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the Initial Merger or any other Transaction, or (C) change in any manner the voting rights of any class of SPACs share capital.

(3) Revoke Other Proxies. Sponsor represents and warrants that any proxies heretofore given in respect of the Subject Shares that may still be in effect are not irrevocable, and such proxies have been or are hereby revoked.

(4) Irrevocable Proxy. Sponsor hereby irrevocably grants to, and appoints, the Company and any individual designated in writing by the Company, and each of them individually, as Sponsors proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of Sponsor, to vote the Subject Shares, or grant a written consent or approval in respect of the Subject Shares in a manner consistent with this Section 4(a). Sponsor understands and acknowledges that the Company and SPAC are entering into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon Sponsors execution and delivery of this Agreement. Sponsor hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Section 4(a)(4) is given in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Sponsor under this Agreement. Sponsor hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Sponsor hereby ratifies and confirms all that such irrevocable proxy may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. SUCH IRREVOCABLE PROXY IS EXECUTED AND INTENDED TO BE IRREVOCABLE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THE POWERS OF ATTORNEY ACT OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS (REVISED). The irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall only terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.

6

(b) No Transfer. Other than pursuant to this Agreement, Sponsor shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) sell, offer to sell, transfer, tender, grant, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of (including by gift, tender or exchange offer, merger or operation of law), encumber, hedge or utilize a derivative to transfer the economic interest in, or enter into any Contract, option or other arrangement (including any profit sharing arrangement) with respect to any of the foregoing of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, with respect to any Subject Shares to any person other than pursuant to the Initial Merger, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Subject Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, (iii) grant any proxies (other than as set forth in this Agreement) or enter into any voting arrangement, whether by proxy, voting agreement, voting trust, voting deed or otherwise (including pursuant to any loan of Subject Shares), or enter into any other agreement, with respect to any Subject Shares, (iv) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clauses (i) through (iii) (the actions specified in (i) to (iii), collectively a Transfer), other than pursuant to the Merger, (v) take any action that would make any representation or warranty of Sponsor herein untrue or incorrect, or have the effect of preventing or disabling Sponsor from performing its obligations hereunder, or (vi) commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions or take any other action or enter into any Contract that would reasonably be expected to make any of its representations or warranties contained herein untrue or incorrect or would have the effect of preventing or delaying Sponsor from performing any of its obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sponsor may make Transfers of the Subject Shares (A) pursuant to this Agreement and (B) upon the consent of the Company and SPAC. Any action attempted to be taken in violation of the preceding sentences will be null and void. Sponsor hereby authorizes and requests SPAC or the Company to notify SPACs transfer agent that there is a stop transfer order with respect to all of the Subject Shares (and that this Agreement places limits on the voting of the Subject Shares). Sponsor agrees with, and covenants to, SPAC and the Company that Sponsor shall not request that SPAC register the Transfer (by book- entry or otherwise) of any certificated or uncertificated interest representing any of the Subject Shares.

(c) Waiver of Anti-Dilution Protection. Sponsor hereby waives, forfeits, surrenders and agrees not to exercise, assert or claim, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the ability to adjust the Initial Conversion Ratio (as defined in the SPAC Charter) pursuant to Article 17.3 of the SPAC Charter in connection with the Transactions. Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 4(c) shall constitute written consent waiving, forfeiting and surrendering the adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio pursuant to Article 17.3 of the SPAC Charter and (ii) such waiver, forfeiture and surrender granted hereunder shall only terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.

7

(d) No Redemption. Sponsor irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, from the date hereof and until the termination of this Agreement, Sponsor shall not elect to cause SPAC to redeem any Subject Shares now or at any time legally or beneficially owned by Sponsor, or submit or surrender any of its Subject Shares for redemption, in connection with the Transactions or otherwise.

(e) New Shares. In the event (i) any SPAC Shares or other securities of SPAC are issued or otherwise distributed to a Sponsor pursuant to any stock dividend or distribution, or any change in any of the SPAC Shares or other share capital of SPAC by reason of any stock split-up, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or the like (in all cases in respect of securities of SPAC), (ii) a Sponsor acquires legal or beneficial ownership of any SPAC Shares after the date of this Agreement, or (iii) a Sponsor acquires the right to vote or share in the voting of any SPAC Share after the date of this Agreement (together the New Securities), the terms Subject Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such New Securities (including all such stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or all of the Subject Shares may be changed or exchanged into).

(f) Binding Effect of Business Combination Agreement. Sponsor hereby acknowledges that it has read the Business Combination Agreement and this Agreement and has had the opportunity to consult with its tax and legal advisors. Sponsor shall be bound by and comply with Sections 7.5 (Acquisition Proposals and Alternative Transactions) and 12.13 (Publicity) of the Business Combination Agreement (and any relevant definitions contained in any such Sections) as if Sponsor was an original signatory to the Business Combination Agreement with respect to such provisions.

Section 5. Sponsor Affiliate Arrangements.

(a) Sponsor Letter Agreement. Each of the Sponsor and SPAC hereby agree that from the date hereof until the termination of this Agreement, none of them shall, or shall agree to, amend, modify or vary that certain letter agreement dated August 8, 2024 by and among the Sponsor and SPAC (the Sponsor Letter Agreement), except as otherwise provided for under this Agreement or any Transaction Document.

(b) Termination of Sponsor Affiliate Arrangements. Each of the Sponsor and SPAC hereby agree that: (i) each of the agreements set forth on Part 1 of Schedule B attached hereto and (ii) each agreement as of the Acquisition Merger Effective Time between SPAC (or any of its subsidiaries), on the one hand, and any Sponsor or any of Sponsors Affiliates (other than SPAC or any of SPACs subsidiaries), on the other hand, (but excluding any Transaction Document, the Sponsor Letter Agreement, the agreements set forth on Part 2 of Schedule B attached hereto and any other agreements with respect to the indemnification of the SPACs directors and officers (in each case, solely to the extent acting in his or her capacity as such and to the extent such activities are related to the business of SPAC and permitted by law)) (such agreements, together, the Sponsor Affiliate Agreements) will be terminated effective as of the Acquisition Merger Effective Time, and thereupon shall be of no further force or effect, without any further action on the part of any of the Sponsor or the Company, and on and from the Acquisition Merger Effective Time neither SPAC, the Sponsor, nor any of their respective affiliates or subsidiaries shall have any further rights, duties, liabilities or obligations under any of the Sponsor Affiliate Agreements and each of Sponsor and SPAC (for and on behalf of its affiliates and subsidiaries) hereby releases in full any and all claims with respect thereto with effect on and from the Acquisition Merger Effective Time.

8

Section 6. Mutual Release.

(a) Sponsor Release. Sponsor, on its own behalf and on behalf of each of its Affiliates (other than SPAC or any of SPACs subsidiaries) and each of its and their successors, assigns and executors (each, a Sponsor Releasor), effective as at the Acquisition Merger Effective Time, shall be deemed to have, and hereby does, irrevocably, unconditionally, knowingly and voluntarily release, waive, relinquish and forever discharge PubCo, the Company, SPAC, their respective Subsidiaries (if any) and the Companys Material Subsidiaries and its and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, officers, directors, partners, managers and employees (in each case in their capacity as such) (each, a Sponsor Releasee), from (i) any and all obligations or duties PubCo, the Company, SPAC or any of their respective Subsidiaries (if any) has prior to or as of the Acquisition Merger Effective Time to such Sponsor Releasor or (ii) all claims, demands, Liabilities, defenses, affirmative defenses, setoffs, counterclaims, actions and causes of action of whatever kind or nature, whether known or unknown, which any Sponsor Releasor has prior to or as of the Acquisition Merger Effective Time, against any Sponsor Releasee arising out of, based upon or resulting from any Contract, transaction, event, circumstance, action, failure to act or occurrence of any sort or type, whether known or unknown, and which occurred, existed, was taken, permitted or begun prior to the Acquisition Merger Effective Time (except in the event of fraud on the part of a Sponsor Releasee) provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 6(a) shall release, waive, relinquish, discharge or otherwise affect the rights or obligations of any party (i) arising under this Agreement the Transaction Documents or SPAC Charter, including for any amounts owed pursuant to the terms set forth therein, (ii) for indemnification or contribution, in any Sponsor Releasors capacity as an officer or director of SPAC, (iii) arising under any then-existing insurance policy of SPAC, (iv) pursuant to a contract and/or SPAC policy, to reimbursements for reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred and documented prior to the Acquisition Merger Effective Time, or (v) for any claim for fraud.

(b) Company Release. Each of the Company, SPAC and their respective Subsidiaries (if any) and each of its and their successors, assigns and executors (each, a Company Releasor), effective as at the Acquisition Merger Effective Time, shall be deemed to have, and hereby does, irrevocably, unconditionally, knowingly and voluntarily release, waive, relinquish and forever discharge Sponsor and its respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, officers, directors, partners, managers and employees (in each case in their capacity as such) (each, a Company Releasee), from (i) any and all obligations or duties such Company Releasee has prior to or as of the Acquisition Merger Effective Time to such Company Releasor, (ii) all claims, demands, Liabilities, defenses, affirmative defenses, setoffs, counterclaims, actions and causes of action of whatever kind or nature, whether known or unknown, which any Company Releasor has, may have or might have or may assert now or in the future, against any Company Releasee arising out of, based upon or resulting from any Contract, transaction, event, circumstance, action, failure to act or occurrence of any sort or type, whether known or unknown, and which occurred, existed, was taken, permitted or begun prior to the Acquisition Merger Effective Time (except in the event of fraud on the part of a Company Releasee) provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section 6(b) shall release, waive, relinquish, discharge or otherwise affect the rights or obligations of any party (i) arising under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents, or (ii) for any claim for fraud.

9

Section 7. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the Acquisition Effective Time (provided, however, that upon such termination, Section 6 shall survive in accordance with its terms, and Section 4(c), Section 5(b), Section 6, this Section 7, Section 8 and Section 9 shall survive indefinitely) and (ii) the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms, and upon such termination, no party shall have any liability hereunder other than for its willful and material breach of this Agreement prior to such termination.

Section 8. Additional Matters. Sponsor shall, from time to time, (i) execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional or further consents, documents and other instruments as SPAC, the Company or PubCo may reasonably request for the purpose of effectively carrying out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (ii) refrain from exercising any veto right, consent right or similar right (whether under the SPAC Charter or any Sponsor Affiliate Agreement) which would impede, disrupt, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of the Initial Merger, the Acquisition Merger or any other Transaction.

Section 9. General Provisions.

(a) Notice. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to SPAC, the Company or PubCo in accordance with 12.4 of the Business Combination Agreement and to Sponsor at its address set forth on Schedule A hereto (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice).

(b) Miscellaneous. The provisions of 1.3 and Article XII of the Business Combination Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis, as if set forth in full herein.

[Signature pages follow]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above,

VOYAGER ACQUISITION CORP. SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement]

11

VOYAGER ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Adeel Rouf 

Name: Adeel Rouf 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement]

12

VERAXA BIOTECH AG 

By: /s/ Christoph Antz 

Name: Christoph Antz 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

By: /s/ Oliver Baumann 

Name: Oliver Baumann 

Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

[Signature Page to Sponsor Support Agreement]

13

SCHEDULE A

Name of Sponsor Total SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares Held Total SPAC Warrants Held

Voyager Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC 4,690,000 5,037,500

Schedule A-1

SCHEDULE B

PART 1

1. Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Sponsor.

2. Promissory Note, dated as of January 11, 2024, between SPAC and Sponsor, in the original principal amount of up to $300,000.

3. Third Amended and Restated Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 19, 2024, between SPAC and Sponsor.

PART 2

1. Indemnity Agreement, dated August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Jonathan Intrater

2. Indemnity Agreement, dated August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Alex Rogers

3. Indemnity Agreement, dated August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Adeel Rouf

4. Indemnity Agreement, dated August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Warren Hosseinion

5. Indemnity Agreement, dated August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Warren Hosseinion Jr.

6. Indemnity Agreement, dated August 8, 2024, between SPAC and Oded Levy

Schedule B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>voyageracq_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Press Release

VERAXA Biotech and
Voyager Acquisition Corp. Announce Business Combination Agreement to Create Nasdaq-Listed Biopharmaceutical Company Advancing a Pipeline
of Next-Generation Cancer Therapies

VERAXAs Novel BiTAC Platform has the Potential to Deliver Multiple Next-Generation Solid Tumor Cancer Therapies, Including Novel Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC) and Bispecific T-cell Engager (TCE) Candidates, with Strong and Differentiated Clinical Profiles

Company Pursuing Multiple Strategic Partnerships and Licensing Opportunities in 2025 and 2026

Transaction Values VERAXA at a Pre-money Equity Value of $1.3 Billion

Actively Working with Existing and New VERAXA Investors to Raise a Crossover Financing Round, which is Expected to Close Ahead of the Business Combination, Alongside up to $253 Million in Cash Held in Trust

Business Combination is Expected to be Completed in the Fourth Quarter of 2025

A Joint Investor Presentation Providing an Overview of the Proposed Transaction can be Viewed: https://dealroadshow.com/e/VER2025

ZURICH, SWITZERLAND, and BROOKLYN, NEW YORK, USA, April 23, 2025 -- VERAXA Biotech AG (VERAXA or the Company), an emerging leader in designing novel cancer therapies, and Voyager Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company and special purpose acquisition company targeting the healthcare sector (NASDAQ: VACH, Voyager or the SPAC), announced today that they have entered into a definitive business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement). The proposed business combination (the Business Combination) would create a publicly traded, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of a comprehensive pipeline of next-generation cancer therapies. Upon closing of the transaction, VERAXA Biotech AG is expected to list on NASDAQ under the proposed ticker symbol VERX.

VERAXA Overview

VERAXA is advancing a premier drug discovery and development engine for ADCs and other novel antibody-based therapy concepts. Through Bi-Targeted Antibody Cytotoxicity (BiTAC), a powerful and scalable proprietary technology platform that enables a highly specific dual-marker approach, the Company is accelerating a pipeline of next-generation cancer therapies that have the potential to expand the therapeutic window of current solid tumor standard of care treatments through improved safety and efficacy profiles.

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

The Company has recently widened the scope of its AI-enabled technology platform and is now actively pursuing two major drug modalities:

Next-generation bispecific antibody drug conjugates, BiTAC ADCs and bsADCs, and

Bi-specific antibodies targeting key immune cells, also called T cell engagers, or TCEs.

Both therapeutic modalities represent highly active and growing markets within the cancer therapy sector, respectively. The global TCE market is projected to reach $112 billion in 2030 with a CAGR of >44%. Similarly, the global ADC market size is projected to reach $57 billion by 2030 with a CAGR of close to 30%.

VERAXA is committed to developing and delivering the next wave of safe and highly efficacious cancer therapies. Our platform technologies can be applied to empower multiple therapeutic strategies spanning next-generation antibody-drug conjugates including our BiTAC ADCs and bi-specific BiTAC immune cell engagers, stated Christoph Antz, Ph.D., CEO and Co-Founder of VERAXA. Side effects too often limit todays cancer therapies and prevent doctors from applying optimal dose levels. Our latest platform innovation, the BiTAC format, is designed to specifically address this issue and create first-in-class drug candidates with unprecedented safety and efficacy.

VERAXAs pipeline currently comprises nine discovery and development programs at various stages in development, including an active Phase 1 program in leukemia. The Companys most advanced clinical asset, VX-A901, is a highly differentiated Fc-enhanced therapeutic antibody targeting FLT3 and has shown potent anti-cancer activity. VX-A901 has backbone therapy potential addressing different patient groups across several treatment lines and settings with a complementary Mechanism of Action to currently available treatment options. Through a two-fold approach of pursuing both internal innovation and strategic partnerships, the Company anticipates having a robust pipeline by 2029, including three proprietary development programs in the clinic and a growing portfolio of licensed assets.

VERAXA is led by an experienced team headed by Chief Executive Officer Christoph Antz, Ph.D and Chief Business Officer Heinz Schwer, Ph.D., MBA., both serial entrepreneurs and former venture capital investors. The leadership team is supported by international scientific advisors including Prof. Dr. Ralf C. Bargou, a renowned immuno-oncology expert whose scientific work has contributed to the successful development of the first FDA-approved bispecific cancer therapy with blinatumomab.

VERAXA Biotechs majority shareholders are Xlife Sciences AG (SIX: XLS), a Swiss-based publicly listed life science incubator fund, the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), and its technology transfer arm EMBLEM.

Voyagers mission is to identify innovative healthcare companies positioned for long-term success with strong business models and expansive total addressable markets. VERAXA exemplifies all these compelling characteristics, underscored by a steadfast commitment to bring transformative drug modalities to cancer patients through pursuing strategic global partnerships and advancing its proprietary pipeline, stated Adeel Rouf, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Voyager Acquisition Corp. We believe that the rapid change that ADCs and bispecific therapies have delivered and will continue to deliver to cancer therapy creates compelling opportunities for those with the vision to capitalize on them.

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

2

The planned NASDAQ listing of VERAXA Biotech marks a pivotal milestone for both VERAXA and Xlife Sciences and exemplifies our mission of bringing groundbreaking science from the lab to life - and to the market, stated Oliver Baumann, Acting Chairman of the VERAXA Board and CEO of Xlife Sciences. The access to the U.S. capital markets provided by this combination will support the realization of Veraxas powerful technology platform and clinical assets, paving the way for potential significant value creation. We are proud to have supported VERAXA from its inception and, as one of the Companys largest shareholders, we are confident that this transaction will significantly accelerate its ability to deliver first-in-class therapies to patients worldwide.

We believe next-generation ADCs and bispecifics will continue to revolutionize oncology, due to their significant improvement over standard of care treatments and higher probability of technical and regulatory success compared to other oncology drugs, as evidenced by multiple deals in excess of $1 billion each since 2023 in this space, stated Warren Hosseinion, M.D., Chairman of the Board of Voyager Acquisition Corp. VERAXAs robust pipeline of drug candidates was developed by leveraging its next-generation technology platform approach to drug discovery, development, and delivery, which we believe has the potential to dramatically cut development costs and time.

Transaction Overview

Under the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, VERAXAs equity value contribution into the Business Combination will amount to approximately $1.3 billion. Accordingly, VERAXAs shareholders will receive approximately 130 million ordinary shares of the combined company in exchange for their existing VERAXA shares. Existing VERAXA shareholders and management will not receive any cash proceeds as part of the transaction and will roll over 100% of their equity into the combined company.

Assuming a share price of $10.00 per share and no redemptions of Voyagers shares by Voyagers public shareholders, VERAXA (as a combined entity) is expected to have an implied pro forma equity value of approximately $1.64 billion at closing.

Upon the closing of the Business Combination, VERAXA anticipates access to approximately up to $253 million in cash held in trust by Voyager, prior to the payment of transaction costs of VERAXA and Voyager, and assuming no redemptions by Voyagers public shareholders.

Additionally, VERAXA is actively raising a crossover financing round from existing and new investors, which the Company expects to close prior to the completion of the Business Combination. Net proceeds from this capital raise are expected to provide VERAXA with sufficient capital for the next two years, not including various potential partnering and co-development opportunities.

The boards of directors of both Voyager and VERAXA have unanimously approved the Business Combination. Voyager and VERAXA expect the Business Combination to close in the fourth quarter of 2025. The transaction is subject to approval of Voyagers and VERAXAs shareholders and the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions.

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

3

Additional information about the transaction will be provided in a Current Report on Form 8-K that will contain an investor presentation to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and will be available at www.sec.gov. In addition, VERAXA intends to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a registration statement on Form F-4 (the Registration Statement) to be filed with the SEC, which will include a proxy statement/prospectus of Voyager, and will file other documents regarding the Business Combination with the SEC. This communication Is not intended to be, and is not, a substitute for the proxy statement/prospectus or any other document that Voyager has filed or may file with the SEC in connection with the Business Combination.

Advisors

Anne Martina Group is acting as sole M&A advisor to VERAXA. Duane Morris LLP is acting as legal counsel to VERAXA. Winston & Strawn LLP is serving as legal counsel to Voyager.

Transaction Presentation Details

A presentation providing further details on the transaction can be found here: [insert link to presentation}

About VERAXA Biotech

At VERAXA Biotech, we are building a premier engine for the discovery and development of next-generation antibody-based therapeutics, including BiTAC antibody-drug conjugates (BiTAC ADCs), bispecific T cell engagers (BiTAC TCEs), and other innovative formats. Powered by a suite of transformative technologies and guided by rigorous quality-by-design principles, we are rapidly advancing our pipeline of ADCs and proprietary BiTAC formats into clinical development and beyond. VERAXA Biotech was founded on scientific breakthroughs made at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), a world-renowned institution known for pioneering life science research and cutting-edge technologies. For more information, please visit www.veraxa.com.

About Voyager Acquisition Corp.

Voyager Acquisition Corp. is a special purpose acquisition company with a bold mission: to revolutionize the healthcare sector through a merger, stock purchase, or business combination. Our team of experienced executives includes unparalleled expertise in investing, operations, and medical innovation, supported by a vast network of connections. With these strengths, we not only seek to drive success but commit to scaling companies to unprecedented heights in the healthcare industry. For more information, please visit https://www.voyageracq.com.

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

4

About Xlife Sciences AG (SIX: XLS)

Xlife Sciences is a Swiss company focused as incubator and accelerator on the value development and commercialization of promising research projects from universities and other research institutions in the life sciences sector, with the aim of providing solutions for high unmet medical needs and a better quality of life. The goal is to bridge research and development to healthcare markets. Xlife Sciences takes carefully selected projects in the four areas of technological platforms, biotechnology/ therapies, medical technology, and artificial intelligence/digital health to the next stage of development and participates in their subsequent performance. For more information, visit https://www.xlifesciences.ch/en/home

Participants In the Solicitation

Voyager, VERAXA, and their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management and employees may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Voyagers stockholders with respect to the Business Combination. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names and interests in the Business Combination of Voyagers directors and officers in Voyagers filings with the SEC, including, when filed with the SEC, the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, amendments and supplements thereto, and other documents filed with the SEC. Such information with respect to VERAXAs directors and executive officers will also be included in the proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described below under the heading Additional Information and Where to Find It.

Non-Solicitation

This press release is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the potential transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of Voyager or VERAXA, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

5

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about future events or Voyagers or VERAXAs future financial or operating performance. For example, statements regarding VERAXAs anticipated growth and the anticipated growth and other metrics, statements regarding the benefits of the Business Combination, and the anticipated timing of the completion of the Business Combination are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, might, plan, possible, project, strive, budget, forecast, expect, intend, will, estimate, anticipate, believe, predict, potential or continue, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology.

These forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future results of Voyager and VERAXA are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industry in which VERAXA operates, as well as the beliefs and assumptions of Voyagers management and VERAXAs management. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to, without limitation, (i) known and unknown risks, including the risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the final prospectus of Voyager relating to its initial public offering filed with the SEC, including those under Risk Factors therein, and other documents filed or to be filed with the SEC by Voyager; (ii) uncertainties; (iii) assumptions; and (v) other factors beyond Voyagers or VERAXAs control that are difficult to predict because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. They are neither statements of historical fact nor promises or guarantees of future performance. Therefore, VERAXAs actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements and Voyager and VERAXA therefore caution against relying on any of these forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Voyager and its management, VERAXA and its management, as the case may be, are inherently uncertain and are inherently subject to risks, variability and contingencies, many of which are beyond Voyagers or VERAXAs control. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (i) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination Agreement and any subsequent definitive agreements with respect to the Business Combination; (ii) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Voyager, VERAXA, or others following the announcement of the Business Combination and any definitive agreements with respect thereto; (iii) the inability to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain consents and approvals of the shareholders of Voyager, to obtain financing to complete the Business Combination or to satisfy other conditions to closing, or delays in obtaining, adverse conditions contained in, or the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals required to complete the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; (iv) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the Business Combination; (v) projections, estimates and forecasts of revenue and other financial and performance metrics,

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

6

projections of market opportunity and expectations, and the estimated implied enterprise value of VERAXA; (vi) VERAXAs ability to scale and grow its business, and the advantages and expected growth of VERAXA; (vii) VERAXAs ability to source and retain talent, the cash position of VERAXA following closing of the Business Combination; (viii) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards in connection with, and following, the consummation of the Business Combination; (ix) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of VERAXA as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; (x) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of VERAXA to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain key relationships and retain its management and key employees; (xi) costs related to the Business Combination; (xii) changes in applicable laws, regulations, political and economic developments; (xiii) the possibility that VERAXA may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (xiv) VERAXAs estimates of expenses and profitability; (xv) the failure to realize estimated shareholder redemptions, purchase price and other adjustments; and (xvi) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the filings by Voyager with the SEC. There may be additional risks that neither Voyager nor VERAXA presently know or that Voyager and VERAXA currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Voyager or VERAXA speak only as of the date they are made. None of Voyager or VERAXA undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their respective expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

In connection with the Business Combination, Voyager and/or VERAXA intend to file relevant materials with the SEC, including the Registration Statement, which will include a proxy statement/prospectus of Voyager, and will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. This communication is not intended to be, and is not, a substitute for the proxy statement/prospectus or any other document that Voyager has filed or may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. When available, the definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials for the proposed transaction will be mailed or made available to stockholders of Voyager as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction.

Before making any voting or investment decision, investors and stockholders of Voyager are urged to carefully read, when they become available, the entire registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus, and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC, as well as any amendments or supplements to these documents, and the documents incorporated by reference therein, because they will contain important information about Voyager, VERAXA, and the proposed transaction. Voyagers investors and stockholders and other interested persons will also be able to obtain copies of the registration statement, the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus, other documents filed with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference therein, and all other relevant documents filed with the SEC by Voyager in connection with the Transaction, without charge, once available, at the SECs website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Voyager at the address set forth below.

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

7

Contact

VERAXA Biotech AG Voyager Acquisition Corp.

Dr. Christoph Antz

CEO

Telephone: +49-6221-3521330

Email: antz@veraxa.com 

Mr. Adeel Rouf

Chief Executive Officer, and Director

Email: adeel@voyageracq.com

For Media

Mario Brkulj

Valency Communications

Telephone: +49 160 9352 9951

Email: mbrkulj@valencycomms.eu 

For Investors

Jim Polson

FTI Consulting

Email: Jim.Polson@FTIconsulting.com

Robert Stanislaro

FTI Consulting

Email:robert.stanislaro@fticonsulting.com

VERAXA
Biotech AG / Talacker 35 / CH-8001 Zrich

VERAXA
Biotech GmbH / Im Neuenheimer Feld 584 / DE-69120 Heidelberg

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>voyageracq_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

U n l o c k i n g N e x t - G e n e r a t i o n Th e r ap i e s t o T r e a t C an c e r I n v e s t o r P r e s e n t a t i o n

T o d a y s S p e a k e r s : V o y a g e r Acq u i s i t i o n C o r p. ( N A S D A Q : V A C H) W a rr e n H o sse i n i o n C h a i r m a n A d ee l R ou f P r es i d e n t , CE O a n d D i r e c t o r C ha i r m a n o f C a r d i o D i ag n o s t i cs , I n c . ( N AS D A Q : C D I O) D i r e c t o r a n d P r e s i d en t o f N u t e x H e a l t h , I n c . (N A S D A Q: NU T X ) C o - f ou n de r o f A p o ll o M e d i c a l H o l d i ng s , I n c . ( N AS D A Q: AS T H ) F o r m e r C ha i r m a n o f t h e B o a r d o f D i r e c t o r s o f C li n i g en c e H o l d i n g s , I n c . P r e s i d en t , C FO a n d D i r e c t o r o f T i t a n A c qu i s i t i o n C o r p ( N A S D A Q: T A CH ) D i r e c t o r o f Z a l a t o r is an d Z a l a t o r is I I ( N AS D A Q : T C O A an d Z L S ) F o r m e r I n v e s t m e n t P r o f e s s i o na l a t C o he n a n d C o m p a n y F o r m e r M e m b e r o f J . P . M o r ga n I B L e v e r ag e d F i na n c e T ea m 2

T o d a y s S p e a k e r s : V E R A X A D r . C h r i s t o p h A n t z C E O a n d C o - F o un d e r O l i ve r R . B a um a n n C h a i r m a n C E O an d C o - F o un d e r o f V E R AX A B i o t e c h F o r m e r M a n ag i n g D i r e c t o r o f A c ou s ia T h e r a pe u t i c s F o r m e r M a n ag i n g D i r e c t o r o f L u x e nd o ( a c qu i r e d b y B r u k e r i n 20 1 7 ) F o r m e r V en t u r e C a p i t a l I n v e s t o r w i t h E M B L V en t u r e s 3 C ha i r m a n o f VE R AX A B i o t e c h a n d C E O o f X li f e S c i en c e s B o a r d m e m be r a t A x en o l l L i f e S c i en c e s A G , P e c u n ia S o l u t i on s , a n d C a r b o n O c e a n A G F o r m e r C E O a n d M a n g i n g P a r t ne r o f B e l v o i r W e a l t h M an a ge m en t A G F o r m e r I n v e s t m en t A d v i s o r a t C r e d i t S u i ss e

D i s c l a i m e r a nd F o r w a r d - L oo k i ng S t a t e m e n ts 4 Fo r w a r d - L oo ki ng S t a te m e n t s T h is p r e s e n t a t i o n c o n t a i n s c e r t a in f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s w i t h in t h e m e a n i n g o f t h e f e d e r a l s e c u r i t i e s l aw s , i n c l u d i n g , w i t h o u t li m i t a t i o n , s t a t e m e n t s r e l a t i n g t o t h e b u s i n e s s c o m b i n a t i o n ( t h e T r a n s a c t i o n ) b et w e e n VE R A X A Bi o t ec h A G ( V e r a x a ) a n d V oy a g e r A c q u isi t i o n C o r p . ( V o y a g e r ), i n c l u d i n g t h e a n t i c i p a t e d t i m i n g a n d b e n e fi t s t h e r e o f ; V e r a x a s i m p l i e d e n t e r p r i s e v a l u e ; e x p ec t a t i o n s r e g a r d i n g t h e h e a l t h c a r e a n d b i o ph a r ma c e u t i c a l i n d u s t r i e s ; V e r a x a s d e v e l o p m e n t o f , t h e p o t e n t i a l b e n e fi t s o f , a n d p a t i e n t a c c e s s t o , i t s p r o d u c t c a nd i d a t e s f o r t h e t r e a t m e n t o f c a n c e r ; V e r a x a s a b i l i t y t o d e v e l o p a d d i t i on a l p r o d u c t c a nd i d a t e s , i n c l u d i n g t h r o u g h u s e o f V e r a x a s Bi T A C p l a t f o r m s ; t h e a n t i c i p a te d b e n e f i t s o f t h e B i T A C t r e a tm e n t a p p r o a c h ; a n d V e r a x a s a b i l i t y t o g e n e r a l r e v e n u e in t h e f u t u r e . F o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s a r e s t a t e m e n t s t h a t a r e n o t h i s t o r i c a l f a c t s . S u c h f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s a r e s u b j e c t to r i s ks a n d u n c e r t a i n t i e s , w h i c h c o u ld c a u s e a c t u a l r e s u l t s t o d i f f e r f r o m t h e f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s . T h e s e f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s g e n e r a l l y a r e i d e n t i f i e d b y t h e w o r d s b e li e v e , p r o j e c t , e x p e c t , a n t i c i p a t e , e s t i m a t e , i n te nd , t h i n k , s t r a te g y , f u t u r e , o p p o r t u n i t y , po te n t i a l , p l a n , s e e k s , m a y , s ho u l d , w ill , w o u l d , w ill b e , w ill c o n t i n u e , w ill li k e ly r e s u l t , a n d s i m il a r e x p r e ss i o n s , b u t t h e a b s e n c e o f t h e s e w o r d s d o e s n o t m e a n t h a t a s t a t e m e n t is n o t f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g . F o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s a r e p r e d i c t i on s , p r o j ec t i o n s a n d o t h e r s t a t e m e n t s a b o u t f u t u r e e v e n t s t h a t a r e b a s e d o n c u r r e n t e x p ec t a t i o n s a n d a ss u m p t i o n s a n d , a s a r e s u l t , a r e s u b j e c t t o r i s ks a n d u n c e r t a i n t i e s . T h e s e s t a t e m e n t s a r e b a s e d o n ma n a g e m e n t s e x p e c t a t i o n s , a ss u m p t i o n s , e s t i m a te s , p r o j e c t i o n s a n d b e li e fs a s o f t h e d a t e o f t h is p r e s e n t a t i o n a n d a r e s u b j e c t t o a n u m b e r o f f a c t o r s t h a t i n v o l v e k n o w n a n d u n k no w n r i s k s , d e l a y s , u n c e r t a i n t i e s a n d o t h e r f a c t o r s n o t u n d e r t h e c o m p a n y s c o n t r o l t h a t m a y c a u s e a c t u a l r e s u l t s , p e r f o r m a n c e o r a c h i e v e m e n t s o f t h e c o m p a n y t o b e m a t e r i a lly d i f f e r e n t f r om t h e r e s u l t s , p e r f o r m a n c e o r o t h e r e x p ec t a t i on s e x p r e ss e d or i m p l i e d b y t h e s e f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s . T h e s e f a ct o r s i n c l u d e , b u t a r e n o t li m i te d t o (i) t h e r i s k t h a t t h e T r a n s a c t i o n m a y n o t b e c o m p l et e d in a t i m e l y m a nn e r o r a t a l l ; (ii) t h e f a il u r e t o s a t i sf y c o n d i t i on s t o c o n s u m m a t i o n o f t h e T r a n s a c t i o n ; (ii i ) t h e e f f e c t o f t h e T r a n s a c t i o n a n d i t s a n n o u n c e m e n t o r p e n d e n c y o n V e r a x a s b u s i n e ss , r e s u l t s o f o p e r a t i o n s , a n d p l a n s ; (i v ) t h e f a il u r e t o r e a l i z e a n t i c i p a t e d b e n e fi t s o f t h e T r a n s a c t i o n ; ( v ) l e g a l p r o ce e d i n g s r e l a te d t o t h e T r a n s a c t i o n ; ( v i ) c h a n g e s in t h e m a r k e t s in w h i c h V e r a x a c o m p e t e s ; ( v i i) c h a n g e s in g e n e r a l e c o n o m ic c on d i t i o n s ; ( v i ii) u n c e r t a i n t i e s i n h e r e n t in t h e e x e c u t i on , c o s t , c o m p l et i o n , a n d r e s u l t s o f p r e c l i n i c a l s t ud i e s a n d c li n i c a l t r i a l s ; (i x ) r i s ks r e l a te d t o r e g u l a t o r y r e v i e w a n d a p p r o v a l a n d c o mm e r c i a li z a t i o n ; ( x ) r i s k s r e l a te d t o i n te ll e c t u a l p r o p e r t y p r o te c t i o n ; a n d ( x i) V e r a x a s li m i te d o p e r a t i n g h i s t o r y . F u r t h e r i n f o r m a t i o n a b o u t t h e s e a n d o t h e r r e l e v a n t r i s k s a n d u n c e r t a i n t i e s m a y b e f o u n d in t h e r e g i s t r a t i o n s t a t e m e n t o n F o r m S - 1 fil e d w i t h t h e S e c u r i t i e s a n d E x c h a n g e C o mm i ss i o n ( t h e S E C ) b y V o y a g e r o n J u n e 1 8 , 2 0 2 4 . T h e f o r e g o i n g li s t o f f a c t o r s is n o t e x h a u s t i v e . Y o u s h o u ld c a r e f u l ly c on s i d e r t h e f o r e g o i n g f a c t o r s a n d t h e o t h e r r i s ks a n d u n c e r t a i n t i e s t h a t w ill b e d e s c r i b e d in t h e Ri s k F a c t o r s s e c t i o n o f t h e p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s a n d t h e a m e n d m e n t s t h e r et o , t h e d e f i n i t i v e p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s , a n d o t h e r d o c u m e n t s t o b e f il e d f r om t i m e t o t i m e w i t h t h e S E C . T h e s e f il i n g s i d e n t i f y a n d a d d r e s s o t h e r i m p o r t a n t r i s k s a n d u n c e r t a i n t i e s t h a t c o u ld c a u s e a c t u a l e v e n t s a n d r e s u l t s t o d i f f e r m a t e r i a lly f r o m t h o s e c o n t a i n e d in t h e f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s . Y o u s h o u ld n o t p l a c e u n du e r e l i a n c e o n f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s , w h i c h s p e a k o n ly a s o f t h e d a t e t h e y a r e m a d e . N e i t h e r V o y a g e r n o r V e r a x a u n d e r t a k e a n o b li g a t i o n t o u p d a t e t h e f o r wa r d - l o o k i n g s t a t e m e n t s , e x c e p t a s r e q u i r e d b y a p p li c a b le l aw s . A d d i t i on a l I n f o r ma t i on a nd W h e r e to F i nd It I n c on n e c t i o n w i t h t h e T r a n s a c t i o n , V oy a g e r h a s fil e d r e l e v a n t m a t e r i a ls w i t h t h e S E C , i n c l u d i n g a r e g is t r a t i o n s t a t e m e n t o n F o r m S - 1 , w h i c h i n c l u d e s a p r e li m i n a r y p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s o f V oy a g e r , a n d w ill fil e o t h e r d o c u m e n t s r e g a r d i n g t h e T r a n s a c t i o n w i t h t h e S E C . T h is p r e s e n t a t i o n is n o t i n t e n d e d t o b e , a n d is n o t , a s u b s t i t u t e f o r t h e p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s o r a n y o t h e r d o c u m e n t t h a t V oy a g e r h a s fil e d o r ma y fil e w i t h t h e S E C in c o n n e c t i o n w i t h t h e T r a n s a c t i o n . W h e n a v a i l a b l e , t h e d e fi n i t i v e p r o x y s t a t e m e n t a n d o t h e r r e l e v a n t m a t e r i a ls f o r t h e T r a n s a c t i o n w ill b e m a il e d o r m a d e a v a i l a b le t o s t o c k h o l d e r s o f V oy a g e r . Y o u a r e u r g e d t o c a r e f u l ly r e a d , w h e n t h e y b e c o m e a v a i l a b l e , a n y r e l e v a n t d o c u m e n t s fil e d w i t h t h e S E C , b ec a u s e t h e y w ill c o n t a in i m p o r t a n t i n f o r m a t i o n a b o u t V oy a g e r , V e r a x a, a n d t h e T r a n s a c t i o n . V oy a g e r s i n v e s t o r s a n d s t o c k h o l d e r s a n d o t h e r i n t e r e s t e d p e r s o n s w ill a l s o b e a b le t o o b t a i n c o p i e s of t h e r e g i s t r a t i o n s t a t e m e n t , t h e p r e li m i n a r y p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s , t h e d e f i n i t i v e p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s , o t h e r d o c u m e n t s f il e d w i t h t h e S E C t h a t w ill b e i n c o r p o r a te d b y r e f e r e n c e t h e r e i n , a n d a ll o t h e r r e l e v a n t d o c u m e n t s fil e d w i t h t h e S E C b y V oy a g e r in c on n e c t i o n w i t h t h e T r a n s a c t i o n , w i t h o u t c h a r g e , o n c e a v a i l a b l e , a t t h e S E C s w e b s i t e a t www . s e c . g o v , o r b y d i r e c t i n g a r e q u e st t o V oy a g e r A c q u i s i t i o n C o r p . , 1 3 1 C o n c o r d S t r e e t , B r oo k l y n , N Y 1 1 2 0 1 , A t te n t i o n : A d e e l R o u f, C E O a n d Di r e c t o r . P a r t i c i p a n t s in t he S o li c i t a t i on V oy a g e r , V e r a x a , a n d t h e ir r e s p e c t i v e d i r e c t o r s, e x e c u t i v e o f f i c e r s, o t h e r m e m b e r s o f m a n a g e m e n t a n d e m p l o y e e s m a y b e d ee m e d p a r t i c i p a n t s in t h e s o l i c i t a t i o n o f p r o x i e s f r o m V o y a g e r s s t o c k h o l d e r s w i t h r e s p e c t t o t h e T r a n s a c t i o n . I n v e s t o r s a n d s e c u r i t y h o l d e r s m a y o b t a i n m o r e d e t a il e d i n f o r m a t i o n r e g a r d i n g t h e n a m e s a n d i n te r e s t s in t h e T r a n s a c t i o n o f V oy a g e r s a n d V e r a x a s d i r e c t o r s a n d o f f i c e r s in V o y a g e r s u p c o m i n g fil i n g s w i t h t h e S E C , i n c l u d i n g a r e g i s t r a t i o n s t a t e m e n t o n F o r m F - 4 , a p r e li m i n a r y p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s , a d e f i n i t i v e p r o x y s t a t e m e n t / p r o s p e c t u s , a m e n d m e n t s a n d s u p p l e m e n t s t h e r et o , a n d o t h e r d o c u m e n t s f il e d w i t h t h e S E C . No O ff e r or S o l i c i t a t i on T h is p r e s e n t a t i o n is n o t a s o l i c i t a t i o n o f a p r o x y , c o n s e n t , o r a u t h o r i z a t i o n w i t h r e s p e c t t o a n y s e c u r i t i e s o r in r e s p e c t o f t h e T r a n s a c t i o n a n d w ill n o t c o n s t i t u t e a n o f f e r t o s e ll o r t h e s o l i c i t a t i o n o f a n o f f e r t o b u y a n y s e c u r i t i e s , n o r w ill t h e r e b e a n y s a le o f s e c u r i t i e s in a n y s t a t e s o r j u r i s d i c t i o n s in w h i c h s u c h o f f e r , s o l i c i t a t i o n o r s a le w o u ld b e u n l aw f u l p r i o r t o r e g i s t r a t i o n o r q u a lifi c a t i o n u n d e r t h e s e c u r i t i e s l a w s o f a n y s u c h j u r i s d i c t i o n . N o o f f e r o f s e c u r i t i e s s h a ll be m a d e e x c e p t b y m e a n s o f a p r o s p e c t u s m e e t i n g t h e r e q u i r e m e n t s o f t h e S e c u r i t i e s A c t o f 1 9 3 3 , a s a m e n d e d .

T r a n sa ct i o n S u m m a r y E s t i m a t e d S o u r c e s & U s e s B u s i n e s s C o m b i na t i o n S t r uc t u r e V o y ager A c qu is i t i o n C o r p i n t end s t o c omp l e t e a bu s i ne s s c omb i na t i o n w i t h V E R A XA , a l ead i n g c ompan y i n t h e ne x t on c o l og y r e v o l ut i o n T h e bu si ne s s c o m b i nat i o n i s e x pe c te d t o c l o s e i n Q 4 202 5 V a l u a t i o n T h e bu si ne s s c o m b i nat i o n i m p l i e s a p r o fo r m a c o m b i ne d ente r p r i s e v a l u e o f app r o x i m ate l y $1.3 8 b i ll i o n E x is t i n g VE R AX A s ha r eho l de r s w ou l d r o l l o v e r 100 % o f the i r equ i t y a s pa r t o f th e bu s i ne s s c o m b i nat i o n 3. P F C a s h c o n s i s ts o f $ 2 53 M c a s h to b a l a n c e s h ee t a n d $6 M o f e x i s t i n g c a s h 4. A ss u m e s $ 25 3 M r e m a i n i n g i n t r u s t ( 0 % R e d e m p t i o n s ) . E x c l ud e s i n t e r e s t e a r n e d i n t h e t r u s t. S P A C c a s h a m o u n t i s s ub j e c t to c h a n g e d e p e nd i n g o n t h e a c t u a l i n t e r e s t e a r n e d i n t h e t r u s t a n d t o t a l nu m b e r o f r e d e m p t i on s 5. A l l c h a r ts a n d t a b l e s e x c l ud e 12 . 6 5 M S P A C w a r r a n t s a n d 7 . 6 65 M P r iv a te P l a c e m e n t w a rr a n t s . A l l w a r r a n ts h a v e a s t r ik e p r i c e o f $ 1 1 . 5 0 p e r c o m m o n s h a r e T r a n s a c t i o n H i gh li g h t s 5 P r o F o rm a O w n e r s h i p a t i o n P r o F o rm a V a l u O w n e r s h i p % S h a r e s ( M ) 3.9 % 1.5% 3 4 1 6 4 . 1 P F S ha r e s O u t s t a n d i n g ( M ) 7 9 . 2 % 1 3 0 . 0 1 VE R AX A R o ll o v e r E q u i t y 2 15.4% $ 1 0 . 0 0 S h a r e P r i c e ( $ ) 1 5 . 4 % 2 5 . 3 2 SPA C S h a r e h o l d e r s $ 1 , 6 41 . 3 P F E qu i t y V a l ue ( $ M ) 3 . 9 % 6 . 3 3 S p o n s o r S h a r e s 79.2% 2 5 9 ( - ) P F C a s h ( $ M ) 1 . 5 % 2 . 5 4 P I P E S h a r e h o l d e r s 1 $ 1 , 3 82 . 3 P F E n t e r pr i s e V a l ue ( $ M ) a t $ 1 0 . 0 0 p e r c o m m o n s h a r e . T o t a l s p o n s o r s h a r e s o f 6 . 32 5 M il l u s t r a t i v e l y p r i c e d a t $ 10 . 0 0 p e r s h a r e A ss u m p t i o n s: 1. 1 6 4 . 1 M p r o f o r m a s h a r e s o u t s t a nd i n g 2. $ 2 5 M P I P E i s n o t y e t c o m m i t t e d a n d i s ( $ M ) U s e s $1 , 30 0 E q u i t y t o V E R A X A $253 C a s h to b a l an c e s h e e t $25 I l l u s t r a t i v e t r an s a c t i o n e x pen s e s $1 , 57 8 To t a l ( $ M ) S o u r ce s $1 , 30 0 V E R A X A R o ll o v e r $253 S P A C C a s h i n T r u s t $ 2 5 P I P E $1 , 57 8 T o t a l

U n l o c k i n g N e x t - G e n e r a t i o n Th e r ap i e s t o T r e a t C an c e r I n v e s t o r P r e s e n t a t i o n

V i s ion A w o r l d w h e r e c a n c e r i s n o l ong e r a l i f e - t h r e a te n i n g d i a gno si s but a ma n a g e a b l e c o nd it i o n w h e r e p a ti e n t s l i v e w i t h out f e a r , e m po w e r e d b y g r oun d b r e a k i n g t h e r a p i es . M i s s ion A t V E R A X A, w e a i m t o t r a n s f o r m c a nc e r m e d i c i n e w i t h B i T A C , a b r e a k t h r ough te chn o l og y , t h a t p r e c i s e l y t a r g et s t umo r s w h i l e p r o te c t i n g h e a lt h y ti s s u e .

V E R A X A i s L e a d i ng t he N e x t O nc o l o g y R e v o l ut i o n $4 3 1 B G l o b a l S o l i d T u m o r M a r k e t i n 2 0 2 5 3 E x p e c t e d C li n i c a l - S t a g e D r u g P r o g r a ms i n 2 0 2 9 19 . 7 % G l o b a l M a r k e t C A G R 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 3 3 22 P a t e n t f a m il i e s P h 1 C l i n i c a l p r o g r a m i n A c u t e m y e l o i d l e u k e m i a ( A M L ) 20 2 0 F o un d e d b y T w o E M B L * S p i n O f f s $6 0 M C a p i t a l Ra i s e d a n d E f f e c t i v el y I m p l e m e n t e d 4 E x p e c t e d T e c h no l o g y P l a t f o r m s ( 2 D i s r u p t i v e , 2 B e s t - i n - c l a s s ) * E u r o p e a n M o l e c u l a r B i o l o g y L a b o r a t o r y ( E M B L ) : h t t p s : / / w ww . e m b l .o r g . S o u r c e : M a r k e t D a t a F o r e c a s t

V E R A X A s S o l ut i o n t o C a n c e r T h e r a p i e s Ad v a nc e d C a nc e r T h e r a p e u t i cs T o x i c i t y C h e m o t h e r a py E f f i c a cy B i T AC ( V E R A X A) E f f i c a cy T o x i c i t y V E R A X A s B r e a k t h r o u g h B i T AC ( B i - T a r g ete d An ti bod y C y t o t o x i c i t y ) a no v e l te chn o l ogy p l a t f o r m t a c k l i n g t h e s e ch a l l e n g e s H o w B i T A C W o r k s R e q u i r e s d u a l - a n ti g e n e n g a g e m e nt t o m i n i m i z e o f f - t u m or t o x i c i t y w h i l e e n h a nc i n g t u mor s p e c i f i c i t y C u rr en t C a n ce r Th e r a pi e s F a c e M a j o r L i m i t a t ion s A n t i bo d y - D e r i v e d - C on j u g a t e s ( A D C ) s a n d b i s p e c i f i c T - c e l l e n g a g e r s ( T C E ) s f a i l i n t h e m a j o r i t y o f c a se s b a se d o n c l i n i c a l t r i a l d a t a d u e t o t o x i c i t y o r l a ck o f e f f i c a cy K e y C h a l l en g e O n - t a r g e t , o f f - t u m or e ff e c t s c a u s e ha r m f u l si d e e f f e c t s w h e n t a r g e t a n t i g e n s a r e e x p r es s e d o n h e a l t h y c e ll s I m p a ct E x p a n d s t h e t h e r a p e u ti c w i n d o w f or A D C s a n d T C E s , e n a b l i ng s a f e r a nd m o r e e f f e c ti v e c a nc e r t r e a t m e n t s S ou r c e s : N a t u r e R e v i e w s C li n i c a l O n c o l o g y , V o l u m e 20 , A u g u s t 2 0 23 , 55 8 - 57 6 & G l ob a l D a t a

0 200 400 600 800 1000 1200 1600 1400 1800 2000 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 T AM o f $ 43 1 B f o r V E R A X A s S o l u t i o n G l o b a l S o li d T u m o r M a r k e t $ 1 6 bn $ 5 7 bn $ 1 8 bn $ 11 2 bn $3 4 b n $1 6 9 b n 2 0 2 5 C AGR 2 0 3 0 S o u r c e : M o r do r I n t e lli g e n c e & P r e c e d e n c e R e s e a r c h 1 9 . 7 % G l ob a l M a r k e t C A G R , 202 5 - 2033 $4 3 1 b n $1 . 059 t n T C E - Ma r k et A D C - M a r k et $ b il l i o n T A M ( T o t a l A d d r e ss a b l e Ma r k e t ) S O M ( S e r v i c e a b l e O b t a i n a b l e Ma r k e t ) G l o b a l T C E & A D C M a r k e t S ou r c e : M a r k e t D a t a F o r ec a s t

E x e cu t i v e L e a d e r s h i p a nd M a n a g e m e nt T e a m P r o f . R a l f B a r g o u C h a ir f o r T r a n s l a t i on a l O n c o l o g y U n i v e r s i t y C li n ic W u e r z bu r g P r o f . D im i t r i s T z a c h a n i s H e m a t o l o g i s t / M e d i c a l O n c o l o g i s t U C S a n Di e g o H e a l t h C h r i s t o p h A n t z , P h D C E O 25 + y e a r s o f e x p e r i e n c e S e r i a l e n t r e p r e n e u r , V C , M & A, c o m p a n y bu il d i n g M e d i c a l P h y s i c i s t, M a x - P la n c k E M B L V e n t u r e s , L u x e nd o , A c o u s i a T h e r a p e u t i c s T o r s t en B r g e r mei s t e r C F O 25 + y e a r s o f e x p e r i e n c e F i n a n c e i n g l o b a l l i f e s c i e n c e D i p l o m a i n B u s i n e s s A d m i n i s t r a t i o n , M a nn h e i m M o l e c u l a r H e a l t h , B A S F P h a r m a , T e c h em E n e r g y , C o l t T e l e k o m He i n z S c h w e r , P h D , MBA C BO 25 + y e a r s o f e x p e r i e n c e S e r i a l e n t r e p r e n e u r , V C , M & A , c o m p a n y bu il d i n g C li n i c a l C h e m i s t, H a r v a r d M e d i c a l S c ho o l , H e n l ey S l o n i n g B i o te c h , M o r p h o S y s , Vi r a T h e r a p e u t i c s , E M B L V e n t u r es P r o f . G e r n o t S t uh l e r A d j un c t P r o f e s s o r a t U n i v e r s i t y o f W r z bu r g P r o f . Ma t t h i a s Mie d e r e r H e a d D e p a r t m e n t T r a n s l. O n c o l o g y N CT D r e s d e n O li v e r R. B a u ma n n C h a i r m a n X lif e S c i e n ce s A G D a v id L . De c k B o a r d M e m b e r B o a r d o f D i r ec t o r s M ana g e m e n t T e a m C l i ni c al A d v i s o r y B o a r d 11 Ri c k A u s t i n , P h D C S O 25 + y e a r s o f s c i e n t i f i c l e a d e r s h i p i n p i o n ee r i n g i mm un e o n c o l o g y c o m p a n i es B i o c h e m i s t r y , B i o p h y s i c s , M o l e c u l a r B i o l o g y , Y a l e U n i v e r s i ty T u la r i k , A m g e n , H a r p oo n

M a r i a n W ei s s , P h D D i r e c t or M i c r o f l u i d i c s 7 y e a r s in m i c r o f l u i d ic d e v l p m t . P h y s i c s M a x - P l a n k , U n i v . H e i d e l b e r g H a h n - S c h i c k a r d , V e l a b s T h e r a p e u t i c s S t effe n D i c k o p f , P h D D i r e c t or B i T A C T C E 1 0 y e a r s in d i s c ov e r y i m m un e o n c o l o g y a n t i b o d y d e v e l op m e n t M o l ec u l a r Bi o t e c hn o l o g y L M U M un i c h R o c h e , M o r ph o S y s S c i e n t i f i c L e a d e r s h i p C h r i s t o p h E rk e l, P h D H e a d of R & D 20 + y e a r s in a n t i b o d y d i s c ov e r y a n d p r e c li n i c a l d e v e l op m e n t Bi o l o g y M a x - P l a n c k , U n i v . o f M a r bu r g Sl o n i n g , M o r ph o S y s P a u l S a u t e r , P h D D i r e c t or B i T A C A D C 7 y e a r s in c li c k - c h e m i s t r y a n d A DC d i s c ov e r y E MB L , A r a x a A n n a P r y s z l a k , P h D D i r e c t or T r a n s l a t i on R e s e a r c h 7 y e a r s in m i c r o fl u i d i c s a n d a n t i b o d y s c r ee n i n g B i o t e c hn o l o g y , V i r o l o g y U n i v . H e i d e l b e r g E MB L , V e l a b s T h e r a p e u t i c s C h r i s t i n e K h le r , P h D D i r e c t or P r o t e i n E x p r e s s i on & G C E 7 y e a r s in G CE d e v e l op m e n t Bi o l o g y U n i v e r s i t y o f M a i n z E MB L , A r a x a S t effe n R un z , P h D D i r e c t or B i s p e c A D C s 15 + y e a r s in a n t i b o d y d i s c ov e r y & d e v e l op m e n t M o r ph o s y s , V e l a b s T h e r a p e u t i c s T h e D N A o f V E RA X A

F i r s t I n C l a s s T e chn o l o g i e s w i t h O n e V i s i o n O u r A n t i b o d y D r u g C o n j u g a t e ( A D C ) t e c h n o l o g y s e l e c t i v e l y t a r g e t s a n d d e s t r o ys c a n c e r c e l l s w h i l e s p a r i n g h e a l t h y o n e s w i t h n o r e p o r t e d s i d e e f f e c t s O u r T - C e l l E n g a g e r ( T C E ) t e c h n o l o g y h a r n e s s e s t h e b o d y s i m m u n e c e ll s t o s p e c i f i c a l l y ta r g e t a n d d e s t r o y c a n c e r c e l l s w i t h n o r e p o r t e d s i d e e ff e c t s A DC T e c h no l o g i e s T C E T e c h no l o g i e s F I G H T C A N C E R 13

S e v e r e T o x i c i ty i s t he P r o b l e m i n C a n c e r T h e r a p i e s S a m e Ma r k e r P R O B L E M S i n g l e C a n c er M a r k e r s a r e f o u n d o n He a l t h y C e l l s . A D C ( A n t i b o d y D r u g C o n j u g a t e) S a m e Ma r k e r S i ng l e M o l e cu l e T a r g et i n g 14 T C E ( T - C e l l E n g a g e r ) S i ng l e M o l e cu l e T a r g et i n g

VER A X A s S o l u t i on E l i m i n a te s t h e P r ob l e m D i f f e r e nt Ma r k e r S e l e c t i v e ma r k e r p a i r D i f f e r e nt Ma r k e r B i T A C T C E ( T - C e l l E n g a g e r ) B i T A C A D C ( A n t i bo d y D r u g C on j u g a t e ) S O L U T I O N A h i g h l y s p e c i f i c d u a l - m a r k er a p p r o a c h t a r g ets t u m o r c e l l s w i th p r ec i s i o n . D e s t r o y c a n c er c e l l s w h i l e p r e s e r v i n g h e a l t h y o n e s . D u a l M o le cu l e T a r g et i n g D u a l M o le cu l e T a r g et i n g k il l i n g k il l i n g 15

VER A X A D e m o n s t r a t e s P r e c l i n i c a l E ff i c a c y i n A n i m a l Mo d e l s A d a p t e d f r o m G e is e t a l. 202 1 ( N a t u r e C o mm un i c a t i on s ): N O D S C I D m i c e i n j e c t e d w i t h l u c if e r a s e - p o s i t i v e M M . 1 S c e lls - T u m o r b e a r i n g m i c e ( M u l t i p le M y e l o m a ) w e r e t r e a t e d w i t h H e m i b o d i e s (H b ) a l on e a n d in c o m b i n a t i o n t a r g e t i n g S L A M F 7 a n d CD 3 8 P o s i ti v e C on t r ol D a y 1 D a y 4 D a y 7 N e g a ti v e C on t r ol B l u e C o l our i n d i c a te s c a nc e r c e l l s H e m i bod y : T h e f i r s t g e n e r a t i o n o f B i T AC a n ti bod ie s , s ho w e d p r o m is i ng r e s u lt s i n a n i ma l st ud i e s a t t he U n i v e r s i t y C li n i c o f W r z b u r g . W h y V E R A X A ? V ER A X A h o l d s e x c l u si v e r i g h t s t o a l l H e m i bod y p a t e n t s a n d h a s d e v el op e d p r op r iet a r y s e c on d - g e n e r a t i o n B i T AC m o le cu l e s w it h s u p e r i or d e v e l op m e n t , e f f i c a cy a n d s p e c i f i c i t y T r e a t m e nt w i t h T W O H e m i bod i e s c o m b i n e d T a r g e t 1 + T a r g e t 2 a tt a c k i n g t w o d i f f e r e n t t a r g e t s T r e a t m e nt w i t h O N E H e m i b o d y T a r g e t 1 T r e a t m e nt w i t h O N E H e m i bod y T a r g e t 2 C a n c er C e l l s E r a d i c a ted 16

V E R A X A T e c h n o l o g i e s S u p e r c h ar g e d b y D a t a - R i c h AI T a r g e t B i o l o g y D r u gg a b i li ty T u m o r B i o l o g y D e v e l o p a b il i ty D r u g D e s i g n E f f i c a c y S a f e t y B i om a r k e r s C o m p e t i t i v e I n t e l li g e n c e C l i ni c al D a t a S cien t i f i c D a t a F u n c t i o n a l i t y E x p r e ss i o n i n h e a l t h y E xp r e ss i o n i n d i s e a s e T u r n o v e r S o l u b i l i t y I n - v i t r o p o t e n c y G e o m e t r y T u m o r h e t e r o g e n e i t y T a r g e t s M o r t a l i t y S o l i d t u m o r I n c i d e n c e O n - t a r g e t o f f - t u m o r t o x O f f - t a r g e t t o x P F S T R AE s C o m m e r c i a l D a t a D r u g D e s i g n 17 V E RA X A l e v e r a g es a n A I - p o w e r ed d a t a b a s e c o m b i n i n g s c i e n t i f i c , c l i n i c a l , d r u g a n d c o mm e r c i a l d a ta a c r o s s o n c o l o g y , i n c l u d i n g A DC s a n d T C E s . T h i s p la t f o r m c o n t i n u o u s l y e v o l v es to i d e n t i f y a n d v a l i d a t e o p t i m a l t a r g e t p a i r s f o r d i v e r s e c a n c er ty p e s , a cc e l e r a t i n g t h e r a p e u t i c i n n o v a t i o n . AI I n - v i vo e ff i c a c y & s a f e t y Es c a p e m e c h a n i s m s A f f i n i t i e s P r o d u c t i v i t y I n d i c a t i o n S p a c e C o mp e t i t i o n o n M o A P a t i e n t n u m b e r s P a t i e n t c o n v e n i e n c e S t a n d a r d o f c a r e S t r a t i f i c a t i o n OS

A M o d u l a r P l a t f o r m f o r C os t - E ff e ct i v e D r u g D e v e l o pm e nt T o t a l nu m b er o f t a r g ets C e l l r e c e p t o r s i n c an c e r i n d i c a t i ons ~ 85 0 ~ 80 ~ 1 0 S o l i d t u m or ass o c i a t e d a n t i g e ns N u m b e r of t a r g e t s u s e d f or app r o v e d d r u g s T h e m o d u l a r B i T A C s y s t em c r e a t es m a n y p r o g r a m s f r o m a f ew m o l e c u l e s . 18 B i T A C a c ts l i k e a f l e x i b l e c o n s t r u c t i o n k i t, e n a b l i n g m u l t i p l e c o m b i n a t i o n s . E x a m p l e: 6 B i T A C m o l e c u l es c a n g e n e r a te 1 5 un i qu e p r o g r a m s a n d 1 0 B i T A C m o l e c u l es g e n e r a te 4 5 p r o g r a m s . C M C c o s ts a r e i n c u r r ed o n l y o n c e, r e d u c i n g e x p e n s e s . R e u s in g B i T A C m o l e cu l e s s p ee d s u p d e v e l o p m e n t an d cu t s co s t s b y u p t o 60 % . S o u r c e s : H u m a n P r o t e i n A t l a s a n d S h a r i f i e t a l . ; J C I I n s i g h t , 2 02 4 S e p 2 4

I P E x c e l l e nce U n d e r p i n n i n g V E R A X A s T e c h n o l o g i e s T r a d e S e c r e t s 19 F r ee d om - t o - O p e r a t e A pp r o v e d p a t e n t s a n d p a t e n t a pp li c a t i o n s c o v e r i n g: B i T A C - T C E s B i T A C - A D C s M i c r o f l u i d i c C l i c k - C h e m is t r y G l y c a n - C on j u g a t i on et c. E x c l u s i v e L i c e n s e s c o v e r i n g: B i T A C - T C E s M i c r o f l u i d i c S i gn a l - D ete c t i on et c. V E R A X A k e e p s c e r t a i n t r a d e s e c r e t s t o ma k e t h e I P p a c k a g e s t r on g e r a n d p r e v e n t o t h e r c o m p a n i e s t o c o p y: A I - po w e r e d a l go r i t h m f or t a r g e t i d e n t i f i c a t i on P o s i ti on a l i n tel l i g e nc e f o r G e n e t i c C ode E x p a n s i on M i c r o f l u i d i c d e si gn et c. V a r i ous st ud ie s c a r r ie d out t h a t c o n f i r m F T O i n a l l a r e a s P a t en t s & A p pli c a t i o n I n - L i cen s ed P a t e n t s

S u r p a ss i n g the L i m i ts of C o n v e n t i o na l C a nc e r T h e r a p i e s E f f i c a cy Tu m or S p e ci f i c i t y ( S a f e t y ) B i T A C - T C E Bi T A C - A D C R e q u i r e t u m o r - s p e c i f i c p r o t e a s e A l l m aj o r A D C d e v e l o p e r s u s e t e c h n o l o gi e s th a t s e v e r e l y i m p a c t h e a l t h y c e l l s A p p r o v e d T - c e l l e n g a g e r s wo r k o n l y in c anc e r s w i th h i g h l y s e l e c t i v e s i n gl e ta r g e ts F e w c o m p ani e s ( ci r cl e ) wo r k o n T - C e l l e n g a g e r s t hat u s e a dua l - t a r g e t i n g a p p r o a ch but r e q u i r e tu m o r - s p e ci f i c p r o t e a s e s V E R A X A s B i T A C t e c h no l o g y e n a bl e s a m uch m o r e s e l e c t i v e a tta c k o n c anc e r c e ll s whil e s p a r i n g h e a l thy o n e s - m a k i n g i t p o s s i bl e , f o r the f i r s t t i m e , to ta r g e t s o l i d t u m o r s w i t h n o n - e x c l u s i v e c an c e r m a r k e r s T - C e l l E n g a g e r Dis c l a i m e r : M a j o r m a r k e t p l a y e r s s o r t e d in n o p a r t i c u l a r o r d e r 20 P r o t e a s e B a s ed

C o n v e r t i ng V E R A X A s T e c h n o l o g i e s i n t o C o mm e r c i a l V a l u e A D C T C E T - C e ll E n g a g e r A n t i b o d y D r u g C o n j u g a t e s B i T A C 202 5 202 6 202 7 202 8 202 9 203 0 P o t e n t i a l C o m p a n y V a l u e ( Q u a l it a t i v e ) P a r t n er A D C P a r t n er T C E V E R AX A A D C V E R AX A T C E A D C T e c hn o l o g y B i T A C - A D C P la t f o r m B i T A C - T C E P la t f o r m Dis c l a i m e r : M a j o r m a r k e t p l a y e r s a r e s h o w n a s p o t e n t i a l li c e n s ee s 21

R e d e f i n i ng a nd R a p i d l y E x p a n d i ng P i p e l i n e * A n t i c i p a t e d p a r t n e r s h i p s du e t o i n t e r e s t e d p a r t i e s 22 2 0 3 0 2 0 2 9 2 0 2 8 2 0 2 7 2 0 2 6 2 0 2 5 D i se a s e T y p e P a r t n e r P r o g r a m P h2 P h1 P h1 P r e c l i n i c a l P r e c l i n i c a l D i s c o v e r y L C , P C B i T A C - T C E V X - A 9 0 3 - 1 P h2 P h1 P h1 P r e c l i n i c a l P r e c l i n i c a l D i s c o v e r y L C , P C B i T A C - T C E V X - A 9 0 3 - 2 P h1 P h1 P r e c l i n i c a l P r e c l i n i c a l D i s co v e r y E v a l u a t i o n O C , B C B i T A C - A D C V X - A 9 0 4 E x i t D i s c o v e r y E C , B C B i s p e c . A D C I n n e g o t i a t i o n V X - A 9 0 5 L i c e n s i ng P h1 A M L F c - e nh. m Ab I n n e g o t i a t i o n V X - A 9 0 1 L i c e n s i ng D i s c o v e r y BC A D C I n n e g o t i a t i o n V X - A 9 0 2 L i c e n s i ng P h1 P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c MM B i T A C - T C E U n i v . W V X - P 9 0 3 P a r t n e r s h i p s * L i c e n s i ng P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c D i s c o v e r y t bd B i T A C - T C E V X - P 1 0 1 L i c e n s i ng P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c D i s c o v e r y t bd B i T A C - T C E V X - P 1 0 2 L i c e n s i ng P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c D is co v e r y t bd B i T A C - T C E V X - P 1 0 3 L i c e n s i ng P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c D i s co v e r y t bd B i T A C - A D C V X - P 2 0 1 L i c e n s i ng P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c D i s c o v e r y t bd B i T A C - A D C V X - P 2 0 2 L i c e n s i ng P r e c l i n i c P r e c l i n i c D i s co v e r y t bd B i T A C - A D C V X - P 3 0 2

V E R A X A : P o s i t i on e d f o r T r a n s f o r ma t i v e G r o w t h V E R AXA i s po i s e d t o a ch i e v e f u t u r e r e v e n u e g r o w t h t h r o u gh a c o m b i n a t i o n o f po te n t i a l p a r t n e r s h i p s a n d c o n t i n u e d d e v e l o p m e n t of i t s p r op r i et a r y p i p e li ne K e y S t r a t e g i c M i l e st on e s b y 2 0 3 0 : S t r a t e g i c A l l i a n c e s : E x e cu t i o n o f t w o m a j or m u l t i - p r og r a m p a r t n e r s h i p s w i t h le a d i n g g l o b a l P h a r m a or B i o te ch p l a y e r s . B r e a k t h r ou g h T e c h no l o g i e s : C l i n i c a l v a l i da t i o n o f t w o f i r s t - i n - c l a s s p l a t f o r m s B i T AC T C E a n d B i T AC A D C u n l oc k i n g n e w t h e r a p e u ti c f r on ti e r s . P i p e l i n e A d v a n c e m e n t : O ur l e a d p r o g r a m s w i l l ha v e s uc c e ss f u l l y c o m p l ete d P h a s e 1 a n d a d v a nc e d i n t o P h a s e 2 t r i a l s , d e m on st r a t i n g b o t h s a f e t y a n d e a r l y e f f i c a c y . N e x t - L e v e l I nno v a t i on : V ER A X A w i l l b e po i s e d t o s c a l e i t s p r op r i et a r y t e c hno l og y p l a t f o r m , op e n i n g n e w a v e nu e s f or l o n g - te r m g r o w t h a n d v a l u e c r e a t i on. P r o j e c t e d C u m ul a t i ve A n n u a l R e v e n u e ( M i l li o n s E UR ) V E R A X A s F o r e c a s ts ( 20 2 5 - 2 0 30 ) 0 21 79 197 409 518 - 1 0 0 2 0 0 3 0 0 4 0 0 5 0 0 6 0 0 - 1 0 0 2 0 0 3 0 0 4 0 0 5 0 0 6 0 0 2 0 2 5 2 0 26 Par t ner e d Pro g ra m s 2 0 2 7 2 0 2 8 2 0 2 9 2 0 30 Ex i s t i ng P r ogra m s L i c e n s i ng O w n Pr o gra m s G rants

C o m p a r a b l e M & A T r a n sa c t i o ns * M a j o r i t y o f D e a l s a r e E x e c u t e d P r e - C l i n i ca l S t a g e s A D C - D e a l s A n t i bo d y D r u g C o n j u g a t es 24 T C E D e a l s B i - s p e c i f i c A n t i b o d i es C on t e n t S t a g e Y ea r I ss u e r A c qu i r e r To t a l ( m U S D) A D C d isc o v e r y c o ll a b D isc o v e r y 2025 R o c h e H o l d i n g A G O x f o r d B i o T he r apeu t i c s L td 1 , 03 6 A DC s fo r ga s t r o i n t e s t i na l c an c e r P r e cli n ic a l 2025 Lep u B i opha r m a C o L td A rr i v en t B i opha r m a I n c 1 , 20 7 A DC li n k e r p l a t fo r m A r aL i n Q P r e cli n ic a l 2025 A r a r i s B i o t e c h A G T a i h o P ha r m a c eu t i c a l C o L td 1 , 14 0 E G F R/H E R 3 b is pe ci f i c A DC P r e cli n ic a l 2025 D ua li ty B i o t he r apeu t i c s I n c A v en z o T he r apeu t i c s I n c 1 , 20 0 A cc e l e r a te A D C D isc o v e r y D isc o v e r y 2024 C a r i s L i fe S ci en c e s M e r c k K G a A 1 , 40 0 A D C t a r ge t i n g c - M e t P r e cli n ic a l s 2024 S u z ho u M ed ili n k T he r apeu t i c R o c h e 1 , 02 0 A D C aga i n s t s o li d tu m o r s D isc o v e r y 2023 T ubu li s G m b H B r is t o l _ m e e r s S qu i b b Co 1 , 02 3 A D C aga i n s t T R O P 2 P r e cli n ic a l 2023 G ene Q ua t u m B i o sci en c e s P y r a m i d B i o sci en c e s I n c 1 , 02 0 7 p r e cli n ic a l i n v e s t i ga t i ona l A D C aga i n s t c a n P r e cli n ic a l 2023 S ic hua n K e l u n B i o t e c h M e r c k & C o I n c 9 , 30 0 D e v e l op m en t o f ne x t - ge n A DCs P r e cli n ic a l 2023 S y na f f i x B V A m ge n 2 , 00 0 C on t en t S t ag e Y ea r I ss ue r A c qu i r e r T o t a l ( m U S D) D e v e l o p t w o no v e l B s A b s P r e cli n ic a l 2025 S y na f f i x B V S O T I O B i o t e c h A S n /a E G F R/H E R 3 b is pe ci f i c A DC P r e cli n ic a l 2025 D ua li ty B i o t he r apeu t i c s I n c A v en z o T he r apeu t i c s I n c 1 , 20 0 T r is pe ci f i c T - c e l l engage r P r e cli n ic a l 2025 W u X i B i o l og ic s C and i d T he r apeu t i c s 920 T r is pe ci f i c fo r m u l t i p l e m y e l o m a i n P ha s e 1 2025 S i m c e r e A bb V i e 1 , 05 5 B is pe ci f i c m a c r ophag e engage r D isc o v e r y 2024 E l p isci en c e A s t e ll a s P ha r a 1 , 70 0 I n v e s t i ga t i ona l an t i - P D - 1 / V E G F b is pe ci f i c D isc o v e r y 2024 La N o v a M ed ici ne s M e r c k & C o . 2 , 77 0 B is pe ci f i c b l ood - b r a i n - ba rr i e r p l a t fo r m I ND/ P ha s e 1 2024 A li ad a T he r apeu t i c s A bb V i e 1 , 20 0 B is pe ci f i c fo r a t o t i c de r m a t i t i s P ha s e 1 2024 N u m a b J ohn s o n & J ohn s o n 1 , 25 0 B s A b ta r ge t i n g I L - 4 R A ab d I L - 3 1 P ha s e 1 2024 Y e ll o w J e r s e y T he r apeu t i c s A J ohn s o n & J ohn s o n 1 , 25 0 B is pe ci f i c T C E t o t r ea t B - c e l l m a li gnan ci e s P ha s e 1 2024 C u r o n B i opha r m a c eu t i c a l M e r c k & C o . 1 , 30 0

N e x t - G e n e r a t i o n T h e r a p i e s T a r g e t i n g f i v e o f t h e m o s t p r e v a l e n t a n d a g gr e ssi v e s o l i d t u m o r i n d i c a t i o n s . S c a l a b l e M u l t i - P l a t f o r m T e c hn o l o g y B r o ad a p p l i c a t i o n a c r o s s m a j o r m a l i g n a n c i e s wi t h a l o w - ris k , h ig h - r e w a r d g r o w t h p r o f i l e . P r o v e n L e a d e r s h i p L e d b y B i T AC s o r i g i n al i n v e n t o r s a n d s u pp o r te d b y e x p e r i e n c e d b i o t e c h e x e c u t i v e s a n d c li n i c al a d v i s o rs . S t r o n g F i na n c i a l B a c k i n g P r e - I P O f un d i n g p l a n n e d wi t h a mi n im u m o f $ 2 5 M c a p i t a l at c l o si n g f r o m s t r a t e gi c P I PE i n v e s t o r s a n d / o r f r o m e x i s t i n g S P A C T r u s t t o a d v a n c e c l i n i c al p r o g r am s . S t r a t e g i c P h a r m a D i s c u ss i o n s E n g a g e d i n a d v a n c e d m u l t i - p r o g r a m p a r t n e r s h i p t a l k s wi t h l e a d i n g gl o b a l p h a r ma c e u t i c al f irms .

1. G l ob a l S o li d T u m o r M a r k e t F o r e c a s t Ma r k e t D a t a F o r e c a s t , 2 0 2 4 : ( h tt p s : // w w w . ma r k e t d a t a f o r e c a st . c o m / ma r k e t - r e p o r ts / s o l i d - t u m o r - m a r k e t ) 2. A n t i bod y D r u g C on j u g a t e s M a r k e t O v e r v i e w M o r dor I n te l li g e nc e , 2 0 2 4 : ( h tt p s : // w w w . m o r do r i n t e ll i g e n c e . co m / i nd u st r y - r e p o r ts / a n t i b o d y - d r u g - co n j u g a te s - ma r k e t ) 3. B i s p e c i f i c A n t i bod i e s M a r k e t O u t l oo k 2 0 2 3 2 0 3 4 P r e c e d e n ce R es e a r c h : ( h tt p s : // w w w . p r e c e d e nc e r e s e a r ch. c o m / b i s p e c i f i c - a n ti bod ie s - ma r k e t ) 4. O p t i m i z i n g t h e s a f e t y o f a n t i bod y - d r u g c on j u g a t e s f o r p a t i e n t s w i t h s o l i d t u m o r s P a o l o T a r a n t i n o e t a l . ; N a t u r e R e v ie w s C l i n i c a l O nco l og y , V o l u m e 2 0 , A u g u s t 2 0 2 3 , 5 5 8 - 5 7 6 ; h t t p s ; // d o i . o r g / 1 0 . 1 0 3 8 / s 4 1 5 7 1 - 0 2 3 - 0 0 7 8 3 - w 5. V E R A X A R e se a r c h - B a s e d D a t a 2 0 2 4 D a t a f ou nd i n t h e G l ob a l D a t a d a t a b a s e ( G l ob a l D a t a . c om ) a n d t h e N a ti on a l L i b r a r y o f M e d i c i n e C li n i c a l T r i a l s D a t a b a s e ( C l i n i c a l T r i a ls . go v ) 6. C o m b i n a t i on a l t a r g e t i n g o f m u l t i p l e m y e l o m a b y c o m p l e m e n t i n g T c e l l e n g a g i n g a n t i bod y f r a g m e n t s G e i s , M . , N o w o t n y , B . , B o h n, M D . et a l . ; C o m m u n B i o l 4 , 4 4 ( 2 0 2 1 ) ; h t t p s : // d o i . o r g / 1 0 . 1 0 3 8 / s 4 2 0 0 3 - 0 2 0 - 0 1 5 5 8 - 0 7. E s t i ma t e d T a r g e t s f o r A pp r o v e d D r u g s H u m a n P r o t e i n A t l a s : ( h tt p s : // w w w . p r o te i n a t l a s . o r g / hu m a np r o t e o m e / ti s s u e / d r ug g a b l e ? u t m _ s ou r c e= ch a t gp t . c o m ) 8. C l i n i c a l c e l l - s u r f a c e t a r g e t s i n m e t a s t a t i c a n d p r i m a r y s o l i d c a n c e r s S h a r i f i e t a l . , C l i n i c a l c e l l - s u r f a ce t a r g e t s i n m et a st a t i c a n d p r i m a r y s o l i d c a n c e r s , J C I I n si gh t , 2 0 2 4 S e p 2 4 ; 9 ( 1 8 ) : e 1 8 3 6 7 4 ; h tt p s : // do i . o r g / 1 0 . 1 1 7 2 / j c i . i n s i g h t . 1 8 3 6 7 4 R e f e r e n c e s

9 . C o m p a r a b l e M & A T r a n s a c t i on s : h tt p s : // w w w . o x f o r db i o t h e r a p e u ti c s . co m / n e w s - e v e n ts / o x f o r d - b i o t h e r a p e u ti cs - e n te r s - i n t o - a - st r a t e g i c - co l l a bo r a ti o n - w i t h - r och e - t o - d i s c o v e r - no v e l - t a r g e t s - f or - a n ti bod y - b a s e d - t h e r a p e u ti cs - f or - t he - t r e a t m e nt - o f - c a n c e r h tt p s : // w w w . b i o s p a c e . c o m / d e a ls / a r r i v e n t - j o i n s - ch i n e s e - l i c e n si n g - t r e n d - w i t h - po te n ti a l - 1 - 2 b - a d c - d e a l - w i t h - l e pu h tt p s : // w w w . g l ob e n e w s w i r e . c o m / n e w s - r e le a s e / 2 0 2 5 / 0 3 / 1 7 / 3 0 4 3 4 2 5 / 0 / e n / T a i h o - P h a r ma c e u t i c a l - t o - Acq u i r e - N e x t - G e n e r a t i o n - A D C - D r u g - D i s c o v e r y - C omp a n y - A r a r i s - B i o t e c h . h t m l h tt p s : // a v e n z o t x . c om / p r es s - r e le a s es / a v e n z o - t h e r a p e u ti c s - a n d - du a li t y b i o - a nno u nc e - e x c l u s i v e - g l ob a l - l i c e n s e - f or - po te n ti a l - b es t - i n - c l a s s - e g f r - h e r 3 - a n ti bod y - d r u g - c o n j u g a te / h tt p s : // w w w . c a r i sl i f es c i e nc e s . c o m / a bou t/ n e w s - a n d - m e d i a / c a r i s - l i f e - s c i e nc e s - a nno u nc e s - p a r t n e r s h i p - w i t h - m e r ck - k g aa - d a r m st a d t - g e r m a n y / h tt p s : // w w w . p r n e w s w i r e . c o m / n e w s - r e l e a s es / m e d i li n k - t h e r a p e u ti c s - a nno u nc e s - w o r l d wi de - c o ll a bo r a ti o n - a n d - l i c e n s e - a g r e e m e n t - w i t h - r o c h e - t o - d e v e l o p - n e x t - g e n e r a t i o n - a n ti bod y - d r u g - co n j u g a t e - i n - on c o l o g y - 3 0 2 0 2 4 1 6 2 . h t m l h tt p s : // w w w . f i e r c e b i o t e ch . c om / b i o te ch / b r i st ol - m y e r s - p a y s - 2 3 m - d e v e l o p - s o l i d - t u m o r - a dc s - ba s e d - t ubu l i s - t o x i c i t y - t am i n g - te chno l o gy h tt p s : // w w w . p r n e w s w i r e . c o m / n e w s - r e l e a s es / p y r a m i d - b i o s c i e nc e s - e x p a nd s - on c o l o g y - p i p e l i n e - w i t h - i n - l i c e n s i ng - o f - g q 1 0 1 0 - a - po te n ti a l - b es t - i n - c l a s s - t r o p 2 - t a r g et e d - a n ti bod y - d r u g - c o n j u g a t e - a d c - f r o m - g e n e q u a n t u m - h e a l t h c a r e - 3 0 1 7 9 6 0 0 3 . h t m l h tt p s : // w w w . goo d w i n l a w . c o m / e n / n e w s - a n d - e v e n ts / n e w s / 2 0 2 3 / 0 1 / 0 1 _ 0 9 - m e r c k - a n d - k e l u n - b i o te c h - a nno u nce h tt p s : // w w w . f i e r c e b i o t e ch . co m / b i o te ch / am g e n - p i l e s - 2 - b i l li o n - m o r e - ph a r ma s - a d c - r u s h - s y n a f f i x - p a ct R e f e r e n c e s

h tt p s : // w w w . 1 st on c o l og y . c o m / b l o g / s o t i o - e x pand s - a d c - p i p e l i n es y n a ff i x - co ll a bo r a ti on - t o - d e v e l o p - t w o - no v e l - b i s p e c i f i c - c a n d i d a t e s - s o t 1 1 2 s o t 1 1 3 1 2 3 4 6 5 1 1 4 2 / ? t = i n t h tt p s : // a v e n z o t x . c om / p r es s - r e le a s es / a v e n z o - t h e r a p e u ti c s - a n d - du a li t y b i o - a nno u nc e - e x c l u s i v e - g l ob a l - l i c e n s e - f or - po te n ti a l - b es t - i n - c l a s s - e g f r - h e r 3 - a n ti bod y - d r u g - c o n j u g a te / h tt p s : // w w w . bu si n e ss w i r e . c o m / n e w s / ho m e / 2 0 2 5 0 1 0 6 1 5 5 6 4 8 / e n / Ca nd i d - T h e r a p e u t i c s - E n te r s - i n t o - Ag r e e m e n t - w i t h - W u X i - B i o l o g i c s - o n - T r is p e c i f i c - T - c e l l - E n g a g e r h tt p s : // n e w s . a b b v ie . c o m / 2 0 2 5 - 0 1 - 1 3 - Abb V i e - a n d - S i m c e r e - Z a i m i n g - Ann o u n c e - P a r t n e r s h i p - t o - D e v e l o p - a - N o v e l - T r is p e c i f i c - A n t i bod y - Ca n d i da t e - i n - M u l t i p l e - M y e l om a h tt p s : // w w w . p r n e w s w i r e . c o m / n e w s - r e l e a s es / e l p i s c i e n c e - a n d - a st e ll a s - e n te r - i n t o - r e se a r c h - c o ll a bo r a ti o n - a n d - l i c e n s e - a g r e e m e n t - f or - no v e l - b i s p e c i f i c - ma c r op h a g e - e n g a g e r - 3 0 2 0 2 3 1 4 2 . h t m l h tt p s : // w w w . r e u te r s . c om / b u s i n e s s / h e a l t h c a r e - ph a r ma c e u t i c a l s / m e r c k - s i g n s - 3 3 - b l n - d e a l - e x p e r i m e n t a l - c a n c e r - d r u g - 2 0 2 4 - 1 1 - 1 4 / h tt p s : // w w w . f i e r c e b i o t e ch . c om / b i o te ch / a b b v i e - i n k s - 1 4 b - a l i a d a - bu y ou t - l a n d i n g - e x - j j - a l z h ei m e r s - d r u g - l e a p - b l oo d - b r a i n - b a r r i e r h tt p s : // w w w . j n j . c o m / m e d i a - c e n te r / p r e s s - r e le a s es / j oh n s o n - j o h n s o n - st r e n g t h e n s - p i p e l i n e - t o - l e a d - i n - a t op i c - d e r m a t it i s - w i t h - t h e - c o m p l e ti o n - o f - t h e - a cqu i s i ti o n - o f - y e ll o w - j e r s e y - t h e r a p e u ti c s - g a i n i n g - o w n e r s h i p - o f - n m 2 6 h tt p s : // w w w . ph a r m e x e c. c o m / v ie w / j ohn s o n - j o hn s on - i n k s - d e a l - a cqu i r e - y e ll o w - j e r s e y - t h e r a p e u ti c s - 1 - 2 5 - b i l li o n - c a s h - d e a l h tt p s : // w w w . b i o s p a c e . co m / b u s i n es s / m e r c k - pu t s - u p - po te n ti a l - 1 - 3 b - t o - a cq u i r e - cu r o n s - b - c e l l - d e p l e ti on - t h e r a p y R e f e r e n c e s
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>voyageracq_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

VERAXA Biotech AG Combination
with Voyager Acquisition Corp.

Deal Announcement Management Presentation Script: April 22, 2025

Operator:

Good morning, and welcome to the investor conference call relating to the proposed business combination between VERAXA Biotech Inc., or VERAXA, and Voyager Acquisition Corp., or Voyager.

I would like to first remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements relating to VERAXA and Voyagers expectations or predictions on their respective financial and business performance and conditions, expectations or assumptions in consummating the proposed business combination between the parties, and future VERAXA product development and performance. This includes, but is not limited to, the timing of development milestones, competitive and industry outlook and the timing and completion of the business combination. Any statements made on this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the parties) and assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and they are not guarantees of performance. I encourage you to read the press release issued today and to review Voyagers filings with the SEC (which include a copy of the investor presentation) for a discussion of these risks that can affect the business combination, VERAXAs business, and the business of the combined company after completion of the proposed business combination.

Voyager and VERAXA are under no obligation and expressly disclaim any obligation to update, alter or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable securities laws.

The information discussed on this call is qualified in its entirety by the Current Report on Form 8-K that will be filed by Voyager and may be accessed on the SECs website. We encourage you to read the Form 8-K, including the press release issued today and the accompanying presentation, Voyagers other public filings with the SEC, as well as the Registration Statement on Form F-4 and other documents to be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed business combination, which will be available on the SECs website, and, in particular, to the sections captioned Risk Factors therein, for a discussion of the risks that can affect the transaction, Voyagers and VERAXAs businesses, and the outlook of the combined company.

This call is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities pursuant to the proposed business combination or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.

Hosting todays call is Adeel Rouf, Chief Executive Officer of Voyager and Dr. Warren Hosseinion, M.D., Chairman of the Board of Voyager, and from VERAXA it is Dr. Christoph Antz, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer and Oliver Baumann, Chairman of the Board and CEO of XLife Sciences, one of VERAXAs largest investors.

I will now turn the call over to Adeel Rouf, CEO of Voyager. Please go ahead.

Adeel Rouf Chief Executive Officer of Voyager Acquisition Corp:

Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of you joining us today. I am Adeel Rouf, CEO of Voyager Acquisition Corp., and I am delighted to announce this transaction between Voyager and VERAXA.

All of us at Voyager are incredibly excited to be partnering with VERAXA on this transaction. Voyager has an extraordinarily deep bench of talent, including business founders, operators, private equity partners, investors as well as former public company chief executives and board members. We spent considerable time looking for the right company that matched our search criteria, and we firmly believe that VERAXA is the one.

The transaction has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of both Voyager and VERAXA, and ER Shares has rendered a fairness opinion to Voyagers board as part of its due diligence process evaluating VERAXA.

The transaction assigns VERAXA a pre-money equity value of $1.3 billion and an implied pro- forma value of $1.64 billion. This transaction is supported by up to $253 million in gross proceeds available to VERAXA, before considering the impact of any potential redemptions, as working capital.

VERAXAs current shareholders are rolling 100% of their equity, with any proceeds being delivered to the balance sheet, evidencing their clear alignment with all stakeholders and commitment to VERAXAs success and growth, and to our shared vision to bring this incredible cancer fighting technology out of the clinic and into doctors hands.

I will now pass you over to our Chairman, Dr. Warren Hosseinion to share a few words.

2

Warren Hosseinion, M.D. Chairman of Voyager Acquisition Corp.:

Thank you Adeel, and good morning everyone.

We are pleased to be in a position to bring this transaction to shareholders.

Our objective since launching Voyager has been to assist a company in its transition to the public markets and perhaps more importantly to introduce a differentiated opportunity that would be compelling and attractive to institutional investors. This was the commitment which we made to everyone at the inception of this SPAC in December 2023, and this is the commitment we continue to hold today.

We believe VERAXA represents a terrific opportunity to invest in a truly category defining leader, with a platform that could take antibody drug conjugates, and more broadly, antibody- based therapeutics, to incredible new levels of safety and efficacy. We believe this transaction gives VERAXA the opportunity to execute on a broad scale, from drug discovery to development to delivery.

When we at Voyager Acquisition Corporation thought about VERAXA, we identified five key attributes, which together compelled us to partner with Dr. Antz and his team:

First and foremost was what we believe is VERAXAs first-in-class technology platform for drug discovery, development and delivery. In particular, we were impressed with their platforms modular approach, which we believe can dramatically cut development cost and time, and has already generated a robust pipeline of drug candidates.

Second, our team did extensive research on the antibody-drug conjugate sector, and we believe that ADCs will revolutionize oncology due to what we believe is a significant improvement over the standard of care across a wide range of cancers and their higher probability of technical and regulatory success compared to other oncology drugs. We believe that VERAXAs platform solves for the limitations of toxicity and lack of efficacy which current ADCs have. Our team believes that VERAXAs ADCs have the potential to make them one of the most important tools in the fight against cancer in decades.

Third, our team noted that since 2023, there have been multiple deals in the ADC sector, each in excess of $1 billion. This trend has continued into 2025.

Fourth, we were impressed by VERAXAs advanced discussions with multiple pharma and biotech companies about strategic partnerships, including co-development and licensing agreements. We believe these partnerships provide strong validation of VERAXAs platform and also provide a solid operational foundation and financial support for the Company.

Finally, our team spent several days with the Company in Heidelberg, Germany, and we were very impressed with the management team, the scientific team directors, the scientific advisors as well as the Companys two largest investors. The ongoing support the company continues to receive from its two largest investors, XLife Sciences and the European Molecular Biology Lab, is invaluable. We believe the entire VERAXA team is exceptional and has all the elements to make this Company a success.

We at Voyager Acquisition Corporation are very excited to partner with VERAXA in this transaction that transitions them to the public markets, enables accelerated growth and helps to unlock the companys full potential.

With that, I will pass it over to Oliver Baumann, Chairman of the Board at VERAXA and CEO of Xlife Sciences.

3

Oliver Baumann Chairman of VERAXA and CEO of XLife Sciences:

Thank you, Adeel and Warren, and good morning also from my end.

Its an honor to speak on behalf of the VERAXA Board and to represent Xlife Sciences as one of the largest shareholders.

Xlife Sciences, for those of you who dont know us, is a publicly listed life science incubator and accelerator headquartered in Switzerland with a portfolio of 36 companies in various stages of development. Our project portfolio rests on four pillars: transformational technology platforms, breakthrough biopharmaceutical therapies, MedTech and articial intelligence.

VERAXAs transition to the public markets is a clear testament to the strength of its underlying science and the scalability of its BiTAC platform, which enables the development of highly precise and diOerentiated cancer therapies with improved safety proles.

As an active anchor shareholder, we view this transaction also as validation of Xlife Sciences strategy and business model focused on translating breakthrough academic research into commercially attractive, high-potential biotech ventures.

With that, I would like to hand over to Dr. Christoph Antz, CEO of VERAXA.

Dr. Christoph Antz, Ph.D. CEO of VERAXA:

Thank you Oliver. Lets move to Slide 6:

Slide 6 Unlocking Next-Generation Therapies to Treat Cancer

Good morning/afternoon, and thank you for joining us today

Imagine a future (pause) where cancer treatments are no longer a heartless compromise between destroying the disease and damaging the patient.

Imagine therapies (pause) so precise, they leave healthy tissue untouched maximizing eOicacy, while minimizing suOering.

That is the future (pause) we are working on.

Im excited to now share our company with you - and invite you to join our mission to redene cancer therapy.

4

Slide 7 Vision and Mission

Before diving into the science, I want to share what truly drives VERAXA.

Our vision (pause) is a world where cancer is no longer a life-threatening diagnosis but a manageable condition.

Where patients live without fear, empowered by therapies that strike the disease - not the person.

Our mission (pause) is to bring that vision to life with BiTAC - which we believe will be a unique platform that targets tumors precisely, while minimizing harm to the rest of the body Were not just building a pipeline.

Were building a future (pause) ..where cancer care is smarter, safer, and more eOective.

Slide 8 VERAXA is Leading the Next Oncology Revolution

Here is a snapshot of our company:

VERAXA was founded in 2020 as a spin-oO from the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, The E-M-B-L one of Europes most respected research institutions with an outstanding global reputation for pioneering life science breakthroughs.

Since then, weve:

raised and strategically deployed 60 million Dollars,

we have developed 4 proprietary tech platforms, 2 we believe are disruptive, and 2 we believe are best-in-class

we have protected our innovations by 22 patent families,

and we have
completed a clinical trial in Leukemia and (pause) we expect to have three clinical programs by 2029.

With our technologies, were addressing a 431 billion Dollar market for solid tumors that is growing at nearly 20%

We perceive a strong interest in our company and ongoing talks with pharma and biotech we believe - could unlock deals worth over 2 Billion Dollar

Finally - VERAXA combines:

the scientic excellence of the EMBL

a highly diVerentiated oncology pipeline

And - we believe - a truly disruptive technology

with a signicant market tailwind

5

Slide 9 VERAXAs Solution to Cancer Therapies

Now (pause) lets look at the fundamental challenge were still facing in cancer treatment.

When it comes to the approval of cancer drugs, there are two key factors that play a critical role: toxicity (pause) and eVicacy.

Todays therapies often come down to this compromise (pause): if a treatment is potent, it is usually toxic. And if a treatment is safe, (pause) it often isnt eVicacious.

This dilemma - where a drug hits the right biological target but in the wrong tissues - is known as on-target, oV-tumor toxicity. And its a major reason why majority of cancer drugs fail in clinical trials.

VERAXA has developed BiTAC which stands for Bi-Targeted Tumor Associated Cytotoxicity

BiTAC we believe - is a breakthrough technology that solves the challenge of on-target, oO-tumor toxicity.

Its worth noting that the foundation of our technology was laid at the University Hospital of Wrzburg, where Ralf Bargou our head of the clinical advisory board - also pioneered Blinatumomab, the rst T-cell engager.

Slide 10 TAM of $431B for VERAXA Solution

As we look at the opportunity ahead for VERAXA, (pause) we believe the scale is truly compelling.

The total addressable market of solid tumors, or TAM, for our technology is projected at 431 billion Dollars and thats just the starting point (pause).

as this market is projected to grow to over 1 trillion Dollars by 2030.

Zooming in antibodies that activate the bodys immune system - known as T-cell engagers and antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) - are the core focus of our development, and are projected to reach a market value of 169 billion Dollars by 2030

Were not only addressing a massive unmet need - were doing it (pause) with two platforms that we believe - solve the two biggest pain points in oncology: toxicity and eOicacy.

Slide 11 Executive Leadership and Management Team

Great science alone (pause) isnt enough - people make the diOerence at the heart of every leading company

or as Jim Collins said: Great vision without great people is irrelevant.

Let me now give you a quick look at the people behind VERAXA - and for the sake of time, Ill only mention a few.

Lets start with Heinz Schwer, our CBO he is a veteran in the biotech space, having steered three companies into the hands of big pharma and biotech

Or Rick Austin, our CSO (pause) as a key driver of our scientic vision, Rick is one of the most recognized scientic leaders in immuno-oncology worldwide and he brings decades of experience from industry pioneers like Harpoon, Amgen, and Tularik.

Ralf Bargou, the architect of the rst approved T-cell engager, leads our advisory board.

He is supported by top clinical experts, ensuring our science stays closely aligned with frontline medical needs

6

Slide 12 Scientic Leadership

While leadership sets the vision, its our entire team that brings it to life.

We are also very proud of our scientic directors who help us to drive VERAXA forward every day.

Together (pause) they represent a world-class leadership team with decades of experience in antibody discovery, immune-oncology, and translational research.

Many of our scientists come from some of the most respected institutions and companies in biotech and pharma including the EMBL, Max Planck, Harvard, Roche, MorphoSys, and many more.

Everyone at VERAXA is deeply grounded in science, driven by innovation, and (pause)

united by the commitment to transforming cancer therapy

Slide 13 First In Class Technologies with One Vision

At VERAXA, were tackling cancer with two complementary and powerful strategies each with a clear vision (pause) ..and a unique mechanism of action.

On the one hand there is our platform for Antibody Drug Conjugates.

These are smart drugs that act like precision-guided missiles: They deliver toxic payloads directly into cancer cells, sparing healthy tissue and avoiding side eOects.

On the other hand, we have our T-cell engager platform, backed by a robust portfolio of additional patents in this space.

This treatment strategy is fundamentally diOerent: (pause) instead of using toxins, we activate the patients own immune system.

Whether delivering a targeted toxin or directing an immune attack VERAXAs proprietary technologies we believe - are designed to hit only cancer cells, and nothing else.

In summary VERAXA has two powerful technologies, one unied vision, and zero compromise in our ght against cancer.

7

Slide 14 Severe Toxicity is the Problem in Cancer Therapies

Weve covered the big picture now lets dive into whats happening at the molecular level.

T-cell engagers are designed to bring T-cells into close proximity with cancer cells by recognizing a single specic marker.

However, this same marker is often present on healthy cells (pause) and this is leading to severe and sometimes fatal toxicities.

Antibody Drug Conjugates use antibodies to deliver toxic payloads directly to cells expressing the target marker.

The problem remains the same: (pause) these therapies rely on single molecules that are expressed on cancer cells.

If healthy cells also express that marker, even at low levels, they will also receive the toxic payloadcausing collateral damage and toxicity.

The core message here is that current therapies are limited by their inability to distinguish cancer cells from healthy cells

Slide 15 VERAXAs Solution Eliminates the Problem

Coming now to VERAXAs BiTAC platform that we believe - oOers a powerful solution to the on-target, oV-tumor toxicity challenge I have just explained.

Unlike traditional approaches that rely on single marker targeting, BiTAC uses a dual- marker targeting strategy - meaning it requires two specic cancer markers instead of one to be present and bound before it kills the cell.

With the BiTAC T-cell Engager, T-cells are only activated when both markers are present on the same cancer cell. If a healthy cell expresses only one of this markers, no immune attack is triggered.

Similarly, our ADC version uses two antibodies - each carrying a half-masked and non-toxic payload.

Only, when both ADCs bind to a pair of targets, the payload parts activate each other to become highly toxic.

This dual-marker concept enables a high level of precision and dramatically improves selectivity and safety.

8

Slide 16 VERAXA Demonstrates Preclinical EVicacy in Animal Models

So far, weve discussed the theory behind our approach - now, heres the proof that it works. What youre about to see is a clear in vivo evidence showing our technology in action.

Published in Nature Communications (2021), the study from the University Clinic of Wrzburg shows the eOicacy of our rst-generation BiTACs formerly called Hemibodies.

The original data showed full tumor clearance in a multiple myeloma mouse model Single Hemibodies however showed no activity, proving the platforms specicity.

As already mentioned, Hemibodies represent the rst generation of BiTACs, and VERAXA has exclusively in-licensed all related patents.

In the meantime, weve developed second-generation
BiTAC molecules, that are even more eVicacious, possess a longer half-life and can be produced in high
quantities. All this innovation is now fully proprietary to VERAXA.

This is one of many experiments validating our multi-platform approach and supporting BiTACs clinical development

Slide 17 VERAXA Technologies Supercharged by Data-Rich AI

BiTAC isnt just a molecule its a platform powered by AI.

Although this technology already gives us a strong edge, another key advantage lies in its core principle of dual-marker targeting.

BiTAC opens the door to rescuing previously unusable cancer markers and that includes (pause) antibodies and targets that failed in clinical trials due to toxicity or limited eOicacy.

With BiTAC, we believe, we can repurpose these single-target antibodies by pairing them with second markers that are absent on healthy cells.

To support this, weve developed a target discovery platform that integrates scientic, clinical, and commercial datasetsincluding historical drug development eOorts, known antibodies, biomarker proles, and clinical outcomes.

Andwe have taken this even further by leveraging Articial Intelligence.

With terabytes of structured and curated data, we are training a powerful AI engine to

...accelerate discovery,

...enhance predictability and

...boost the success rate of targeted cancer therapies.

9

Slide 18 A Modular Platform for Cost-EVective Drug Development

Beyond its precise targeting and ability to lower development risk (pause) using existing clinical data, the platform we believe - is also able to speeds up drug development and cutting development costs.

And why is that the case? (pause) Simply putwe believe - BiTAC is modular and scalable.

While around 800 targets are used overall, only about 80 are relevant for cancer cell receptors, and just 30 are currently used as solid tumorassociated antigens.

This bottleneck already highlights the need for smarter, more eVicient use of existing targets.

Now - due to the combinatorial nature of our BiTAC platform, we can reuse BiTAC molecules for diOerent combinations. And as a consequence we can for example - generate up to 45 unique drug programs with only 10 target molecules

In summary we believe - BiTAC allows drug development to be faster and even less expensive

Slide 19 IP Excellence Underpinning VERAXAs Technologies

VERAXA is building a diOerentiated therapeutic platform imbedded in robust, multi- layered intellectual property.

In total we have 22 patent families covering all aspects of our rich technology platforms Weve structured our IP like a fortress that includes:

Owned patents,

Exclusive licenses,

Trade secrets like our AI algorithms and microuidic designs,

And Freedom-to-Operate across all key areas based on external and internal analysis.

Altogether - this creates high barriers to entry - and a strong position for future partnerships and commercialization.

Slide 20 Surpassing the Limits of Conventional Cancer Therapies

Lets have a look at where targeted cancer therapy stands today - and see exactly where VERAXA ts in.

Most major players like Roche, AMGEN or Johnson & Johnson rely on single-target ADCs and T-cell engagers.

Even they show eOicacy, they lack specicity and all of them are desperate, to either nd new targets that are more or less exclusive to cancer cells or to engage in new proprietary technologies that overcome such requirements.

10

Compared to those, there are a few companies experimenting with dual-targeting but they often rely on tumor-specic proteases that also exist in the blood stream, leading to unpredictable side eOects.

VERAXAs BiTAC platform is fundamentally diOerent.

We combine dual-targeting with true tumor-specic activation - meaning our molecules are only activated inside the tumor microenvironment.

This enables us to safely and eOectively target solid tumors, even those with non-exclusive markers.

and as a consequence (pause) this gives VERAXA a unique competitive edge

Slide 21 Converting VERAXAs Technologies into Commercial Value

Our commercial approach is twofold: (pause) were building a robust internal pipeline, while also collaborating with partners to maximize the reach and potential of our technology

We are currently in advanced discussions with top-tier pharma and biotech companies, to co-develop and out-license our technology or specic programs.

These partnerships generate upfront payments, milestone-based earnings, and royalties - establishing both early and repeated revenue streams

At the same time, we are advancing internal programs to retain control over the core technology and capture maximum downstream value.

This balanced strategy allows us to remain platform owners while scaling impact through collaborations

Overall, this dual-track strategy is generating signicant long-term value for the company

Slide 22 Redening and Rapidly Expanding Pipeline

Lets now take a look at how this all comes together in our pipeline.

VERAXA is currently advancing three proprietary BiTAC-based drug programs. Two of these are focused on lung and pancreatic cancers, while the third targets ovarian and breast cancer.

Based on our development timelines, two of these programs are expected to enter the clinic within the next three years, with the goal of reaching Phase 2 by 2030.

In addition, we plan to launch a bispecic ADC program in collaboration with a listed biotech company, aimed at treating esophageal cancer.

Our pipeline also includes a clinical-stage AML program, for which we are currently pursuing orphan drug designation. It further features a best-in-class ADC targeting breast cancer, and a BiTAC T-cell engager in partnership with the University Clinic of Wrzburg. Alongside our internal development eOorts, we are planning to establish multiple strategic partnerships with major pharmaceutical companiesgenerating revenue and further validating our BiTAC platform.

In summary, by 2029, we anticipate having three clinical-stage programs, (pause) a growing portfolio of licensed assets, (pause) and a broadly validated platform spanning multiple cancer indications.

11

Slide 23 VERAXAs Forecasts (2025-2030)

VERAXAs ve-year growth is driven by innovation, strategic partnerships, and internal value creation.

We expect revenue growth from three main sources:

Milestone payments and royalties from partnerships,

Licensing of our own programs, and

Non-dilutive grants and funding.

By 2030, we project over 500 million EUR in revenue over the next 5 years - driven by four strategic milestones:

Two major alliances with global pharma,

The clinical validation of both BiTAC platforms,

The advancement of internal programs to Phase 2, and

The scalable innovation to expand the pipeline.

Its a value-driven model with early revenue potential and long-term value.

By 2030, VERAXA will be well-positioned for either (pause) a strategic acquisition or to emerge as a next-generation pharma leader.

Slide 24 Comparable M&A Transactions

To put VERAXAs market potential into context, lets take a look at recent M&A activities in the ADC and TCE space. The message is clear

First: (pause) Valuations are strong - even in early stages. Nearly all of these deals were executed preclinically and consistently landed 9-gure valuations, with some exceeding even 1 billion Dollars.

Second: (pause) On the ADC side, we see deals like Mercks $1.4B collaboration with Caris Life Sciences and Amgens $2B deal with SynaOix (pause) all before any clinical data.

Third: (pause) For T-cell engager,
the trend is the same. Johnson & Johnson and Merck have each signed deals valued between 1.2 billion dollars and 2.7 billion dollars,
(pause) often for assets still in discovery or just entering Phase 1.

Our BiTAC platforms are precisely in that sweet spot:
clinically diVerentiated, (pause) modular, and progressing rapidly toward clinical stage.

Our timeline is built to match the market window - making VERAXA a prime M&A candidate with strong scientic upside.

12

Slide 25 Key Investment Summary

Weve covered the science, (pause) the strategy, and the scale of what VERAXA is building - so lets bring it all together. Heres the big picture.

VERAXA oOers:

Next-generation therapies in a 400 billion Dollar market for some of the most aggressive cancer indications

Two scalable - disruptive platform technologies with a low-risk and a high-growth prole

We combine precision, scalability, and safety - solving oncologys core challenge.

The science is solid. The team is seasoned. The opportunity is real.

VERAXA has a strong nancial backing we are planning with 25 million Dollars in pre-IPO funding by existing and new investors, with additional capital locked in at closing to advance our clinical programs.

And nally we have a clear path to both near-term value and long-term transformation. Were not just advancing cancer treatment (pause) were shaping what comes next.

and were excited to have you with us on this journey THANK YOU.

With that, I hand over to the Operator.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-2_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-2_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-2_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-2_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-2_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-2_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-2_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-2_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-2_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-2_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-2_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-2_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-2_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-2_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-2_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-2_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex99-2_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex99-2_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-2_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex99-2_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex99-2_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex99-2_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex99-2_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex99-2_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex99-2_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>vachu-20250422.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>vachu-20250422_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>vachu-20250422_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>vachu-20250422_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 22, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42211

Entity Registrant Name Voyager Acquisition Corp./Cayman Islands

Entity Central Index Key 0002006815

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 131 Concord Street

Entity Address, City or Town Brooklyn

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11201

City Area Code (347)

Local Phone Number 720-2907

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units,
each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol VACHU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol VACH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol VACHW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=VACHU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=VACHU_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=VACHU_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantEntitlingtTheHolderThereofToPurchaseOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAPriceOf1150PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://VACHU/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

vachu-20250422.xsd 
vachu-20250422_def.xml 
vachu-20250422_lab.xml 
vachu-20250422_pre.xml 
voyageracq_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002874-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>voyageracq_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002006815 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

0002006815 

VACHU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneWarrantMember 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

0002006815 

VACHU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

0002006815 

VACHU:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantEntitlingtTheHolderThereofToPurchaseOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAPriceOf1150PerShareMember 

2025-04-22 
2025-04-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002006815 
8-K 
2025-04-22 
Voyager Acquisition Corp./Cayman Islands 
E9 
001-42211 
00-0000000 
131 Concord Street 
Brooklyn 
NY 
11201 
(347) 
720-2907 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one half of one redeemable warrant 
VACHU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
VACH 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share 
VACHW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>