<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-022207.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-022207.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310161639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-022207
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				954463937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38037
		FILM NUMBER:		25723909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 MONTAGUE STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 240-4235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 MONTAGUE STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SG BLOCKS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CDSI HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PC411 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233836-8k_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000102399400010239942025-03-062025-03-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March
6, 2025

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38037 95-4463937

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

990 Biscayne Blvd.

#501, Office 12

Miami, FL33132

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: 646-240-4235

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 SGBX The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On March 6, 2025, Safe & Green Holdings Corp.
(the Company) closed an ELOC Securities Purchase Agreement (the ELOC Purchase Agreement) with Tysadco Partners
LLC (Purchaser), with an effective date of February 25, 2025, whereby the Company has the right, but not the obligation,
to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to an aggregate of $100 million (the Commitment Amount)
of newly issued shares (the ELOC Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common
Stock).

The Company does not have a right to commence
any sales of Common Stock to the Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement until the time when all of the conditions to the Companys
right to commence sales of Common Stock to the Purchaser set forth in the ELOC Purchase Agreement have been satisfied, including that
a registration statement of such shares is declared effective by the SEC and the final form of prospectus is filed with the SEC (the Commencement
Date). Over the period ending on the earlier of December 31, 2026, or the date on which the Purchaser shall have purchased ELOC
Shares pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of the Commitment Amount, the Company will control the
timing and amount of any sales of ELOC Shares to the Purchaser. Actual sales of shares of Common Stock to the Purchaser under the ELOC
Purchaser Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market
conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations made by the Company as to appropriate sources of funding.

The purchase price of the shares of ELOC Shares
that the Company elects to sell to the ELOC Purchaser pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement will be equal to the lowest traded price
of Common Stock during the five (5) business days prior to the applicable closing date multiplied by 90%.

In no event may the Company issue to the Purchaser
under the ELOC Purchase Agreement more than the 4.99% of the total number of the Companys shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the execution of the ELOC Purchase Agreement (the Applicable Exchange Cap), unless the Company obtains
stockholder approval to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Applicable Exchange Cap. In any event, the ELOC Purchase Agreement
provides that the Company may not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement if such issuance or sale
would breach any applicable Nasdaq rules.

The ELOC Purchase Agreement prohibits the Company
from directing the Company to purchase any shares of Common Stock if those shares, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock
then beneficially owned by the Purchaser (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended),
would result in the ELOC Purchaser beneficially owning more than 4.99% of the outstanding Common Stock.

The ELOC Purchase Agreement provides that the
Company shall file a registration statement registering the resale of the maximum number of ELOC Shares as shall be permitted by applicable
law within five (5) business days following the date of the ELOC Purchase Agreement. The Company shall use its best efforts to have the
registration statement declared effective within 120 days of the date of the ELOC Purchase Agreement.

On March 6, 2025, the Company closed and issued
a promissory note (the Note) in favor of Tysadco Partners LLC (the Lender), with an effective date of February
25, 2025, in the aggregate principal amount up to $1,875,000 (the "Principal), and an accompanying Securities Purchase Agreement
(the SPA). All outstanding Principal and interest shall be due on November 30, 2025 (the Maturity Date). The
Note was purchased for up to $1,500,000, representing an original issue discount of twenty-five percent (25%), equal to $375,000 if the
Note is fully funded. The Note shall bear interest at twelve percent (12%) interest per annum. The Lender has the right to convert all
or any portion of the then-outstanding Principal and interest into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of the Company,
par value $0.01 per share (the Conversion Shares). The per share conversion price into which the Principal and interest
converts shall be fifty cents ($0.50) per share. Among others, the following shall be considered events of default under the Note (each
an Event of Default): if the Company fails to pay the Principal or interest when due under the Note; if the Company fails
to issue Conversion Shares to the Lender upon exercise by the Lender of the conversion rights under the Note; or if the Company breaches
any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition of the Note or the accompanying SPA. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, then
the outstanding balance shall immediately increase to 125% of the outstanding balance immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event
of Default, and a daily penalty of $500 will accrue until the default is remedied.

1

If the Company has not obtained approval from
the holders of the Companys Common Stock, as required by applicable rules and regulation of Nasdaq, the Company shall not issue
any number of shares of Common Stock under the Note that would exceed 4.99% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of
the Note. Additionally, the Company shall not effect any conversion of the Note, and the Lender shall not have the right to convert any
portion of the Note or receive shares of Common Stock as payment of interest hereunder to the extent that after giving effect to such
conversion or receipt of such interest payment, the Lender, together with any affiliates thereof, would beneficially own in excess of
4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion or receipt of shares as payment
of interest.

In connection with the issuance of the Note and
the SPA, the Company will issue 294,000 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares) as additional consideration for the
purchase of the Note.

This Current Report shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall such securities be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements and certificates evidencing such shares contain a legend stating the same.

The foregoing descriptions of the Note, the SPA,
and the ELOC Purchase Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the
Note, the SPA, and the ELOC Purchase Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 4.1, Exhibit 10.1, and Exhibit 10.2. to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Promissory Note, dated February 25, 2025

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 25, 2025, between Safe & Green Holdings Corp. and Tysadco Partners LLC

10.2 ELOC Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 25, 2025, between Safe & Green Holdings Corp. and Tysadco Partners LLC

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

Dated: March 10, 2025 By: /s/ Mike McLaren

Name: Mike McLaren

Title: Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023383601ex4-1_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED FEBRUARY 25, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO
WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE.
THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

Safe & Green Holdings Corp.

Promissory
Note

Issuance Date: February 25, 2025 Original Principal Amount: Up to $1,875,000

Note No. SGBX-1-TP Consideration Paid at Close: Up to $1,500,000

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Safe
& Green Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of Tysadco
Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company or registered assigns (the Holder) the amount set out above as
the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal)
when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the
terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate from the
date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) until the same becomes due and payable, upon the Maturity
Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof).

The Original Principal Amount
is up to $1,875,000 (one million eight hundred seventy-five thousand) plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other fees. The Consideration
is up to $1,500,000 (one million five hundred thousand) payable by wire transfer (there exists original issue discount of twenty-five
percent (25%), which in the event the Principal is fully funded would be $375,000) (the OID)). The Holder shall pay up to
$1,500,000 of Consideration upon closing(s) of this Note.

(1) GENERAL TERMS

(a) Payment
of Principal. The Maturity Date shall be November 30, 2025, as may be extended at the option of the Holder in the
event that, and for so long as, an Event of Default (as defined below) shall not have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date
(as may be extended pursuant to this Section 1) or any event shall not have occurred and be continuing on the Maturity Date (as may be
extended pursuant to this Section 1) that with the passage of time and the failure to cure would result in an Event of Default. 

(b) Interest.
A one-time interest charge of twelve percent (12%) (Interest Rate) shall be applied on the Issuance Date to the amount
of Principal actually funded to the Company. Interest hereunder shall be paid on the Maturity Date (or sooner as provided herein) to the
Holder or its assignee in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of Notes
in cash or converted into Common Stock at the Conversion Price provided the Equity Conditions are satisfied. 

(c) Security.
This Note shall be an unsecured loan.

(2) EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 

(a) An
Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order,
rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) The
Companys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note (including,
without limitation, the Companys failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder); 

(ii) A
Conversion Failure as defined in section 3(b)(ii)

(iii) The
Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall commence, or there shall be commenced against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company
under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution,
insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company or there is commenced against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding
which remains undismissed for a period of 61 days; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt;
or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company
suffers any appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or any substantial part of its property
which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty one (61) days; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company makes a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall fail to pay, or shall state that
it is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; or the Company or any subsidiary of the Company
shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; or the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company shall by any act or failure to act expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in
any of the foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of effecting
any of the foregoing;

(iv) The
Company or any subsidiary of the Company shall default in any of its obligations under any other Note or any mortgage, credit agreement
or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may
be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company in an amount exceeding $250,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created;
and

(v) Subject
to a cure period of 15 days, the Company shall become late or delinquent in its filing requirements as a fully-reporting issuer registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(vi) Subject
to Rule 312.03, the Company shall fail to reserve and keep available out of its authorized Common Stock a number of shares equal to at
least the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding amounts under this Note.

2

(b) Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default that has not been cured within five calendar days from the date of the Event of Default (a Cure
Failure), the Outstanding Balance shall immediately increase to 125% of the Outstanding Balance immediately prior to the occurrence
of the Event of Default (the Default Effect) and a daily penalty of $500 (five hundred) will accrue until the default is
remedied. The Default Effect shall automatically apply upon the occurrence of an Event of Default without the need for any party to give
any notice or take any other action. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and
the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Outstanding Balance, all
without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation,
legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or
in equity. 

(3) CONVERSION OF NOTE.
Upon Shareholder Consent, the Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Outstanding Balance into shares of the
Companys Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) Conversion
Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion
Amount (as defined below) into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(b), at the Conversion
Price (as defined below). The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section
3(a) shall be equal to the quotient of dividing the Conversion Amount by the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction
of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock,
the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer
agent fees, legal fees, costs and any other fees or costs that may be incurred or charged in connection with the issuance of shares of
the Companys Common Stock to the Holder arising out of or relating to the conversion of this Note.

(i) Conversion
Amount means the portion of the Original Principal Amount and Interest to be converted, plus any penalties, redeemed or otherwise
with respect to which this determination is being made.

(ii) Conversion
Price shall equal $0.50 (fifty) cents. 

(b) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder
shall (A) transmit by email, facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, NY Time, on such date,
a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Conversion Notice)
to the Company. On or before the third Business Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (the Share Delivery
Date), the Company shall (A) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates of Common Stock pursuant to the then existing
provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 (Rule 144) and provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in
the Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
Agent Commission system or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue
and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee,
for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled which certificates shall not bear any restrictive legends
unless required pursuant the Rule 144. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Note
is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall, upon request of the Holder, as
soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver
to the holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares
of Common Stock upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice.

3

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If within two (2) Trading Days after the Companys receipt of the facsimile or email copy of a Conversion
Notice the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to Holder via DWAC/FAST electronic transfer the number of shares of Common
Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such holders conversion of any Conversion Amount (a Conversion Failure),
the Original Principal Amount of the Note shall increase by $500 per day until the Company issues and delivers a certificate to the Holder
or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon such holders
conversion of any Conversion Amount (under Holders and Companys expectation that any damages will tack back to the Issuance
Date). Company will not be subject to any penalties once its transfer agent processes the shares to the DWAC system. If the Company
fails to deliver shares in accordance with the timeframe stated in this Section, resulting in a Conversion Failure, the Holder, at any
time prior to selling all of those shares, may rescind any portion, in whole or in part, of that particular conversion attributable to
the unsold shares and have the rescinded conversion amount returned to the Outstanding Balance with the rescinded conversion shares returned
to the Company (under Holders and Companys expectations that any returned conversion amounts will tack back to the original
date of the Note).

(iii) Book-Entry.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by
this Note is being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion
Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.

(c) Limitations
on Conversions or Trading.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Company shall not effect any conversions of this Note and the Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion
of this Note or receive shares of Common Stock as payment of interest hereunder to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion
or receipt of such interest payment, the Holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would beneficially own (as determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion or receipt of shares as payment of interest. Since the Holder will not
be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the
conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of Common
Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have
the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder
and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion
of the principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered
a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of this Note that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may
beneficially own, would result in the issuance in excess of the permitted amount hereunder, the Company shall notify the Holder of this
fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with
Section 3(a) and, any principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under
this Note. 

4

(ii) Exchange
Cap. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth herein, if the Company has
not obtained Shareholder Approval, the Company shall not issue a number of shares of Common Stock under this Note that would exceed 4.99%
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of the Note (the Conversion Limitation). For purposes of this section,
Shareholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq (or any
successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of the shares under this Note that, when taken together
with any other securities that are required to be aggregated with the issuance of the shares issued under this Agreement would exceed
4.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock as of the date of definitive agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions.
Principal Market means the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American
Stock Exchange, or the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, and all rules and
regulations relating to such exchange.

(iii) Capitalization.
So long as this as this Note is outstanding, upon written request of the Holder, the Company shall furnish to the Holder the then-current
number of common shares issued and outstanding, the then-current number of common shares authorized, and the then-current number of shares
reserved for third parties.

(d) Other Provisions.

(i) Share
Reservation. Subject to Rule 312.03, the Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Common Stock
a number of shares equal to at least the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding amounts under
this Note; and within 3 (three) Business Days following the receipt by the Company of a Holders notice that such minimum number of shares
of Common Stock is not so reserved, the Company shall promptly reserve a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to comply with such
requirement. Subject to Rule 312.03, the Company will at all times reserve at least 3,750,000 shares of Common Stock for conversion.

(ii) Prepayment.
The Company may prepay this Note at any time without penalty unless a Conversion Notice has been sent to the Company.

(iii) Payments.
At the Holders option, the Company shall be obligated to pay a minimum of 10% of any proceeds received pursuant to any equity line of
credit towards the principal and interest of this Note. Payment shall be made within seven calendar days of receipt of proceeds.

(iv) Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 2 herein for the Companys
failure to deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion within the period specified herein and such Holder
shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief, in each case without the need to post a bond or provide other security. The exercise of any such rights shall
not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 

5

(4) Terms of Future Financings.
Except for Section 3(c)(ii) and subject to Rule 312.03, so long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries of any security with any term or pricing more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the
holder of such security that was not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note, then the Company shall notify the Holder of such additional
or more favorable term and such term, at Holders option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder. The
types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to,
terms addressing conversion discounts, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sale price, private
placement price per share with a floor price of $0.10, and warrant coverage. This right does not apply to ELOC by same Holder, voting
rights and board seats.

(5) Registration of reserve
shares. The Holder will rely on an exemption from registration under rule 144 for reserve shares in the event of a default of this
Note. The Company will not object to such exemption from registration and will provide the necessary conformations to the Companys
transfer agent if required. REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Assignability.
The Company may not assign this Note. This Note will be binding upon the Company and its successors and will inure to the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns and may be assigned by the Holder to anyone of its choosing without Companys approval. 

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal.

(6) NOTICES. Any notices,
consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing and will be deemed
to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation
of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) (iii) upon receipt, when sent by email;
or (iv) one (1) Trading Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to
the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be those set forth in the communications
and documents that each party has provided the other immediately preceding the issuance of this Note or at such other address and/or facsimile
number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three
(3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice,
consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders facsimile machine containing the
time, date, recipient facsimile number and an image of the first page of such transmission or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to:

Address: 990 Biscayne Blvd.

Miami, FL 33132

Telephone: (646) 240-4235

E-mail: tkaelin@safeandgreenholdings.com

6

If to the Holder:

Address: 210 West 77th Street, #7W

New York, NY 10024

Telephone: 917-658-7878

E-mail: nyc@clearthink.capital

(7) APPLICABLE LAW AND VENUE.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts
of laws thereof. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be brought only in the state courts of Delaware or in the federal courts located in the city of New York, NY. Both parties and the individuals
signing this Agreement agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.

(8) WAIVER. Any waiver
by the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such
provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict
adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

(9) LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.
Holder and Company agree that in the event Company fails to comply with any of the terms or provisions of this Note, Holders damages
would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest
rates, future share prices, future trading volumes and other relevant factors. Accordingly, Holder and Company agree that any fees, balance
adjustments, default interest or other charges assessed under this Note are not penalties but instead are intended by the parties to be,
and shall be deemed, liquidated damages (under Holders and Companys expectations that any such liquidated damages will tack back to
the Closing Date for purposes of determining the holding period under Rule 144).

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Convertible Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date set forth above.

COMPANY:

Safe & Green Holdings Corp.

By: /s/ Michael McLaren

Name: Michael McLaren

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDER:

Tysadco Partners, LLC

By: /s/ Brian Loper

EXHIBIT A

CONVERSION NOTICE

[Company Contact, Position]

[Company Name]

[Company Address]

[Contact Email Address}

The undersigned hereby elects to convert a portion of the $________
Convertible Note _______ issued to Tysadco Partners on ____________ into Shares of Common Stock of ____________ according to the conditions
set forth in such Note as of the date written below.

By accepting this notice of conversion, you are acknowledging that
the number of shares to be delivered represents less than 5% (ten percent) of the common stock outstanding. If the number of shares to
be delivered represents more than 4.99% of the common stock outstanding, this conversion notice shall immediately automatically extinguish
and debenture Holder must be immediately notified.

Date of Conversion: 

Conversion Amount: 

Conversion Price: 

Shares to be Delivered: 

Shares delivered in name of: 

TYSADCO PARTNERS, LLC 

Signature:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023383601ex10-1_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 25, 2025, BETWEEN SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. AND TYSADCO PARTNERS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of February 25, 2025, is entered into by and between Safe & Green Holdings
Corp., a Delaware corporation, (the Company), and Tysadco Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
Buyer).

A. The Company and the Buyer
are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations
as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the 1933 Act).

B. Upon the terms and conditions
stated in this Agreement, the Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement (i) a Convertible Promissory Note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note),
in the original principal amount of up to $1,875,000.00 (the Original Principal Amount) (together with any note(s)
issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the (Note),
and (ii) two hundred ninety-four thousand (294,000) restricted common shares in the Company (Inducement Shares) to be delivered
to Buyer within seven (7) calendar days following the Closing Date.

NOW THEREFORE, the
Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale.
On the Closing Dates (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company
the (i) Note in the original principal amount of up to $1,500,000.00.

1.1. Form of Payment.
On the Closing Date, (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of up to $1,500,000 (the Purchase Price) at the Closings
(as defined below) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a Company account designated by the Company, in accordance with
the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Securities, and (ii) the Company shall deliver such duly executed
Securities on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.

1.2. Closing Dates. The
date and time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Dates) shall be on or
about February 24, 2025, and other mutually agreed upon times through June 30, 2025, with at least $500,000 funded by February 28, 2025.
The closings of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closings) shall occur on the Closing Date at
such location as may be agreed to by the parties.

2. Buyers Investment
Representations; Governing Law; Miscellaneous.

2.1 Buyers
Investment Representations.

(a)
The Buyer understands that the Securities are not registered under the 1933 Act, on the basis that the sale provided for in this
Agreement and the issuance of securities hereunder is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof,
and that the Companys reliance on such exemption is predicated on the Buyers representations set forth herein. The Buyer
realizes that the basis for the exemption may not be present if, notwithstanding such representations, the Buyer has in mind merely acquiring
shares of the Securities for a fixed or determinable period in the future, or for a market rise, or for sale if the market does not rise.
The Buyer does not have any such intention.

(b)
In particular, the Buyer is aware that the Securities may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act unless
all of the conditions of the applicable Rules are met. The Buyer represents that, in the absence of an effective registration statement
covering the Securities, it will sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Securities only in a manner consistent with its representations
set forth herein.

(c)
The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Securities
and Exchange Commission Rule 501 of Regulation D, as presently in effect and, for the purpose of Section 25102(f) of the
California Corporations Code, he or she is excluded from the count of purchasers pursuant to Rule 260.102.13 thereunder.

2.2 Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts
of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought
only in the state courts of Delaware or in the federal courts located in San Diego, California. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered
in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

2.3 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.

2.4 Headings. The headings
of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

2.5 Severability. In
the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof.

2.6 Entire Agreement; Amendments.
This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered
herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation,
warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by
an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer.

2

2.7 Notices. Any notice
required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively given on
the earliest of:

2.7.1 the date
delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor or by e-mail to an executive officer, or by confirmed
facsimile,

2.7.2 the fifth Trading Day
after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by registered or certified mail, or

2.7.3 the third
Trading Day after mailing by domestic or international express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each case, addressed
to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by
ten (10) calendar days advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):

If to the Company, to:

Address: 990 Biscayne Blvd.

Miami, FL 33132

Telephone: (646) 240-4235

E-mail: tkaelin@safeandgreenholdings.com

If to the Buyer:

Address: 210 West 77th Street, #7W

New York, NY 10024

Telephone: 917-658-7878

E-mail: nyc@clearthink.capital

2.8 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise,
in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior written consent of the Buyer, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion
of the Buyer; provided, however, that in the case of a merger, sale of substantially all of the Companys assets or other
corporate reorganization, the Buyer shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay such consent. This Agreement or any of the severable
rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Buyer hereunder may be assigned by Buyer to a third party, including
its financing sources, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Companys consent thereto.

2.9 Third Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.

2.10 Survival. The representations
and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing hereunder notwithstanding
any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and
all its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged
breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and
obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

3

2.11 No Strict Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

2.12 Remedies. The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose
of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under
this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable
herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the
terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

2.13 Buyers Rights
and Remedies Cumulative. All rights, remedies, and powers conferred in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents on the Buyer are
cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies, and shall be in addition to every other right, power, and remedy that the
Buyer may have, whether specifically granted in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or existing at law, in equity, or by
statute; and any and all such rights and remedies may be exercised from time to time and as often and in such order as the Buyer may deem
expedient.

2.14 Ownership Limitation.
If at any time after the Closing, the Buyer shall or would receive shares of Common Stock in payment of interest or principal under Note
so that the Buyer would, together with other shares of Common Stock held by it or its Affiliates, own or beneficially own by virtue of
such action or receipt of additional shares of Common Stock a number of shares exceeding 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding on such date (the Maximum Percentage), the Company shall not be obligated and shall not issue to the
Buyer shares of Common Stock which would exceed the Maximum Percentage, but only until such time as the Maximum Percentage would no longer
be exceeded by any such receipt of shares of Common Stock by the Buyer. The Buyer and Company will be bound by all Nasdaq rules and regulations
regarding ownership limitations, including but not limited to a need for a shareholder approval for the buyer to receive in excess of
the number of common shares in the Company using the issued and outstanding number at the time of this agreement. The foregoing limitations
are enforceable, unconditional and non-waivable and shall apply to all Affiliates and assigns of the Buyer.

2.15 No Shorting. For
so long as Investor holds any securities of Company, neither Investor nor any of its Affiliates will engage in or effect, directly or
indirectly, any Short Sale of Common Stock.

2.16 Attorneys Fees
and Cost of Collection. In the event of any action at law or in equity to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement or any
of the other Transaction Documents, the parties agree that the party who is awarded the most money shall be deemed the prevailing party
for all purposes and shall therefore be entitled to an additional award of the full amount of the attorneys fees and expenses 
paid by such prevailing party in connection with the litigation and/or dispute without reduction or apportionment based upon the individual
claims or defenses giving rise to the fees and expenses. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair a courts power

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank;
signature page to follow]

4

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:

Original Principal Amount of Note: Up to $1,875,000.00

Purchase Price: Up to $1,500,000.00

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

THE COMPANY: 

Safe & Green Holdings Corp. 

By: /s/ Mr. Michael McLaren 

Mr. Michael McLaren 

Chief Executive Officer 

THE BUYER: 

Tysadco Partners, LLC 

By: /s/ Brian Loper 

EXHIBIT A

NOTE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023383601ex10-2_safe.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ELOC SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 25, 2025, BETWEEN SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. AND TYSADCO PARTNERS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

ELOC SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This ELOC Securities Purchase
Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of February 25, 2025, by and between Safe & Green Holdings Corp.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Tysadco Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company wishes to sell to the Investor, and the Investor wishes to buy from
the Company, up to $100,000,000 of shares (the Shares) of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the
Company (the Common Stock).

NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Defined
Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings
to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Affiliate
shall mean, with respect to a Party, any individual, a corporation or any other legal entity, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled
by or under common control with such Party. For purpose of this definition, the term control, as used with respect
to any corporation or other entity, means (a) direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the securities or other ownership
interests representing the equity voting stock or general partnership or membership interest of such corporation or other entity or (b)
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such corporation or other entity, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Bankruptcy Law
shall mean Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 8.2(f).

Bloomberg
shall mean Bloomberg, L.P.

Business Day
shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Clearing Costs
shall mean all of the Investors broker and Transfer Agent costs with respect to the deposit of the Purchase Notice Securities.

Closing
shall mean any one of the closings of a purchase and sale of Purchase Notice Securities pursuant to Section 2.3(c).

Closing Date
shall mean the date on which a Closing occurs, which shall occur no later than five (5) Business Days after delivery of a Purchase Notice
and the corresponding Purchase Notice Securities.

Commitment Amount
shall mean $100,000,000.

Commitment Period
shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date and ending on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026, or (ii) the date on which the
Investor shall have purchased Securities pursuant to this Agreement for an aggregate purchase price of the Commitment Amount.

Company
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Current Report
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

Custodian
shall mean any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator, or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Damages
shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost, and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Dispute Submission
Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(a).

DRS
shall mean the DTCs Direct Registration System.

DRS Eligible
shall mean that (a) the Shares are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements, including, without
limitation, transfer through DTCs DRS system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting
department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice Securities are otherwise eligible
for delivery via DRS, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Purchase Notice Securities,
as applicable, via DRS.

DRS Shares
shall mean Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale, and
(iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DRS account with DTC under the DTC/FAST
Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

DTC
shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST Program
shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

2

DWAC
shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

DWAC Eligible
shall mean that (a) the Shares are eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs operational arrangements, including, without
limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting
department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Purchase Notice Securities are otherwise eligible
for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Purchase Notice Securities,
as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC Shares
shall mean Shares that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale, and
(iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with DTC under the DTC/FAST
Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(g).

Execution Date
shall mean the date of the last signature of this Agreement.

FINRA
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Future SEC Documents
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(k).

Indemnified Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.

Initial Registration
Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Investor
shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Lien
shall mean a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restriction.

Material Adverse
Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company that is material
and adverse to the Company and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with
the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

New Registration
Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

Party
shall mean a party to this Agreement.

Person
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

3

Principal Market
shall mean any of the national securities exchanges (i.e. NYSE, NYSE American, Nasdaq), or principal quotation systems (i.e. OTCQX, OTCQB,
OTC Pink), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the principal trading platform or market for
the Common Stock.

Purchase Notice
Amount shall mean the product of the number of Purchase Notice Securities referenced in the Purchase Notice multiplied
by the applicable Purchase Price in accordance with Section 2.1.

Purchase Notice
shall mean a written notice from Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to the Investor setting forth the Purchase
Notice Securities which the Company requires the Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Purchase Notice
Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.3(a).

Purchase Notice
Limitation shall mean $500,000, which may be waived up to $5,000,000 upon mutual agreement between Investor and Company.

Purchase Notice
Securities shall mean all Common Stock that the Company shall be entitled to issue as set forth in all Purchase Notices
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Purchase Price
shall mean the lowest traded price of Securities during the five (5) Business Days prior a Closing Date multiplied by ninety percent (90%).

Registration
Expenses shall mean all expenses incurred in effecting any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including, without
limitation, all registration, qualification and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with FINRA, and
any fees of the securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are then listed or quoted), printing expenses, escrow
fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, counsel for the Investor, blue sky fees and expenses (including reasonable fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Investor in connection with blue sky compliance), and any fees and disbursements of accountants retained
by the Company incident to or required by any such registration.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

Registrable Securities
shall mean (i) the Purchase Notice Securities and (ii) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to
any such Securities by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, capitalization, merger, consolidation
or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be
Registrable Securities when: (1) a registration statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective
under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of, or exchanged in accordance with such registration
statement; (2) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (3) such securities have been sold pursuant to Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act; or (4) such securities have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a
public distribution or other public securities transaction.

4

Regulation D
shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144
shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

Required Dispute
Documentation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(a).

SEC
shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities
shall mean the Purchase Notice Securities to be issued to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Equivalents
shall mean any securities of the Company entitling the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation,
any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Subsidiary
shall mean any Person that the Company wholly owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the
voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated
under the Securities Act.

Transaction Documents
shall mean this Agreement and all exhibits hereto.

Transfer Agent
shall mean the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
shall mean, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if
the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as determined by the Investor or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in any principal
quotation system operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. or other principal exchange or recognized quotation system which is at the time the
principal trading platform or market for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m.,
New York time, as determined by the Investor, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets
by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such
security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Investor. If the Company and the Investor
are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures
in Section 10.16. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share dividend, share split, share combination,
recapitalization, or other similar transaction during such period.

5

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES

Section 2.1 Purchase
Notices. Subject to the conditions set forth herein, at any time during the Commitment Period, the Company shall have the right,
but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Purchase Notice from time to time, to purchase, and
the Investor shall have the obligation to purchase from the Company, the number of Purchase Notice Securities set forth on the Purchase
Notice at the Purchase Price, provided that the amount of Purchase Notice Securities shall not exceed the Purchase Notice Limitation or
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 8.2(f). The Company may not deliver a subsequent Purchase Notice until
the Closing of an active Purchase Notice, except if waived by the Investor in writing.

Section 2.2 Deliveries;
Closing.

(a) Purchase Notice Delivery.
In accordance with Section 2.1 and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.2, the Company shall
deliver the Purchase Notice Securities as DWAC Shares or DRS Shares to the Investor pursuant to Section 2.3(b) alongside the delivery
of each Purchase Notice by email at the Investors email address set forth in Section 10.17 and by overnight courier at the
Investors address set forth in Section 10.17. A Purchase Notice shall be deemed delivered on (i) the Business Day that both
the Purchase Notice Securities are received and the Purchase Notice has been received by email by the Investor if both conditions are
met on or prior to 8:00 a.m. New York time or (ii) the next Business Day if the conditions are met after 8:00 a.m. New York time on a
Business Day or at any time on a day which is not a Business Day (the Purchase Notice Date).

(b) Delivery of Purchase
Notice Securities. No later than 8:00 a.m. New York time on the Purchase Notice Date, the Company shall deliver the Purchase Notice
Securities as DWAC Shares or DRS Shares to the Investor.

(c) Closing. The Investor
shall pay to the Company the Purchase Notice Amount with respect to the applicable Purchase Notice as full payment for such Purchase Notice
Securities purchased by the Investor under the applicable Purchase Notice via wire transfer of immediately available funds as set forth
below on the Closing Date. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock pursuant to any Purchase Notice. If the
issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common
Stock up or down to the nearest whole Share. All payments made under this Agreement shall be made in lawful money of the United States
of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from time to time designate by written notice
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever any amount or issuance of Common Stock expressed to be due by the terms
of this Agreement is due on any day that is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day that is a Business
Day.

6

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The Investor represents and
warrants the following to the Company:

Section 3.1 Intent.
The Investor is entering into this Agreement and purchasing the Securities for its own account, and not as nominee or agent, for investment
purposes and not with a view towards, or for a sale in connection with, a distribution (as such term is defined in the Securities
Act), and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any
Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor
reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section 3.2 No Legal
Advices From The Company. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel
and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax, or investment
advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

Section 3.3 Accredited
Investor. The Investor is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D), and
the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

Section 3.4 Authority.
The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization
of the Investor is required. The Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered
by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against
it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the
enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section 3.5 Not An Affiliate.
The Investor is not an officer, director, or affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the
Company.

Section 3.6 Organization
and Standing. The Investor is an entity duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware
with full right and limited partnership or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents.

7

Section 3.7 Absence
of Conflicts. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the
Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default
thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement,
or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third-party (that
has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor
is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section 3.8 Disclosure;
Access to Information. The Investor has had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the Company
and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company. The Investor understands that its investment in
the Securities involves a high degree of risk. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities including
a total loss. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities. The Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency or
any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness
or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the
Securities.

Section 3.9 Manner of
Sale. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting, television
advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

Section 3.10 No Prior
Short Selling. At no time prior to the date of this Agreement has any of the Investor, its agents, representatives or affiliates
engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any (i) short sale (as such term is defined in
Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Securities or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position
with respect to the Securities or any other Companys securities.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the
SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants the following to the Investor, as of the Execution Date:

Section 4.1 Organization
of the Company. The Company is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted.
The Company is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its organizational or charter documents. The Company is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign company in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case
may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. The Company
has Subsidiaries as disclosed in the SEC Documents.

8

Section 4.2 Authority.
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.
The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its
Board of Directors or stockholders is required. The Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section 4.3 Capitalization.
As of the date hereof, the Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 6,038,382 shares are issued and
outstanding. The Company has not issued any securities since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than
pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of securities to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Share Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents and this Agreement, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any securities, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional securities or Share Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities
will not obligate the Company to issue other securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any
holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements, or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

Section 4.4 Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken
no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Shares under the
Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Principal Market
on which the Shares are or have been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Principal Market. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company is and has no reason to believe that it will
not in the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

9

Section 4.5 SEC Documents;
Disclosure. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the date hereof
(or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents)
on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration
of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules, and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and
none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with
respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a
consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto
or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements)
and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments).
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that
it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will
rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section 4.6 Valid Issuances.
The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer
provided for in the Transaction Documents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of the Investor in Article III of this
Agreement and subject to the filings described in Section 4.7 of this Agreement, the Securities will be issued in compliance with
all applicable federal and state securities laws.

10

Section 4.7 No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery, and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Purchase Notice Securities, do not and will not (a)
result in a violation of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents,
(b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default)
under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of
any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or
by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations,
cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise
in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate
do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for
it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents (other than (i) any SEC or state securities filings
that may be required to be made by the Company in connection with the execution of this Agreement or the issuance of Securities pursuant
hereto, or (ii) the filing of a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with the Principal Market, which, in each case, have been
made or will be made in a timely manner); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming
and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of the Investor herein.

Section 4.8 No Material
Adverse Effect. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been disclosed in
the SEC Documents.

Section 4.9 Litigation
and Other Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no material actions, suits, investigations, SEC inquiries,
FINRA inquiries, NASDAQ inquiries, or similar proceedings (however any governmental agency may name them) pending or, to the actual knowledge
of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice
of any such action, suit, proceeding, SEC inquiry, FINRA inquiry, NASDAQ inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse
Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award against the Company has been issued by or, to the actual knowledge of
the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been,
and to the actual knowledge of the Company, there is no pending investigation by the SEC involving the Company or any current officer
or director of the Company.

11

Section 4.10 Acknowledgment
Regarding Investors Purchase of Securities. Based solely on the Investors representations and warranties, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that the Investor is not (i) an officer or director of the Company, or (ii) an
affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a
financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Purchase Notice Securities.
The Company further represents to the Investor that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on
the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

Section 4.11 No General
Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any Person acting on its behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general
advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities.

Section 4.12 No Integrated
Offering. None of the Company, its Affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under
the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated,
but excluding stockholder consents required to authorize and issue the Securities or waive any anti-dilution provisions in connection
therewith.

Section 4.13 Placement
Agent; Other Covered Persons. The Company has engaged Craft Capital Management, LLC as its
placement agent and a fee will be paid to Craft Capital Management LLC at each closing.

Section 4.14 Registration
Statement. At the time of the filing of the Registration Statement, New Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, the
Company shall have no knowledge of any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact in the Registration Statement
or New Registration Statement, as the case may be, or omission (or alleged omission) of a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and there shall
be no such untrue statement of material fact or omission in any effective registration statement filed or any post-effective amendment
or prospectus which is a part of the foregoing.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section 5.1 Short Sales
and Confidentiality. During the period from the Execution Date to the end of the Commitment Period, neither the Investor, nor
any Affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, shall execute (i) any short sale
(as such term is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Securities or (ii) hedging transaction which
establishes a net short position with respect to the Securities or any other Companys securities. For the purposes hereof, and
in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of the Purchase Notice of such number of Securities reasonably expected to
be purchased under the Purchase Notice shall not be deemed a short sale. The Investor shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, maintain
the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents.

12

Section 5.2 Compliance
with Law; Trading in Securities. The Investors trading activities with respect to the Securities shall be in compliance
with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section 6.1 Listing
of Shares. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing or quotation and trading of the Securities
on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets, if required) and will comply in all
respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market.

Section 6.2 Filing of
Current Report. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the execution of the transactions contemplated by, and
describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report). The Company
shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least two (2) Business
Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use
its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Business Day from
the date the Investor receives it from the Company.

ARTICLE VII

REGISTRATION RIGHTS

Section 7.1 Registration.

(a) The Company shall, not later
than five (5) Business Days after the Execution Date, prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement, on Form S-1, and
take all such other actions as are necessary to ensure that there is an effective registration statement containing a prospectus that
remains current covering (and to qualify under required U.S. state securities laws, if any) the offer and sale of all Registrable
Securities by the Investor on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 (the Initial Registration Statement).
The Company shall use best efforts to cause the SEC to declare the Initial Registration Statement effective as soon as possible thereafter
but in any event within 120 days after the Execution Date, and to remain effective and the prospectus contained therein current until
the Investor ceases to hold Registrable Securities. The Initial Registration Statement shall provide for any method or combination of
methods of resale of Registrable Securities legally available to, and requested by, the Investor, and shall comply with the relevant provisions
of the Securities Act and Exchange Act. If Form S-1 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder,
the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the
Registrable Securities on Form S-1 as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the
Initial Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a registration statement on Form S-1 covering the Registrable Securities
has been declared effective by the SEC.

13

(b) Notwithstanding the registration
obligations set forth in Section 7.1(a), if the SEC informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result
of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees
to promptly inform the Investor and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or
a new registration statement (a New Registration Statement) as required by the SEC, covering the maximum number
of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the SEC, on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable
Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 7.1(a); provided, however, that
prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the SEC for the registration of
all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, publicly-available
written or oral guidance of the SEC staff, and any comments, requirements, or requests of the SEC staff.

(c) If the Company amends the
Initial Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, in accordance with Section 7.1(b) above
the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC, as promptly as possible, one or more registration statements
on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the
initial Registration Statement, as amended. The Initial Registration Statement, a New Registration Statement, and any other registration
statements pursuant to which the Company seeks to register for resale any Registrable Securities shall each be referred to herein as a
Registration Statement and collectively as the Registration Statements.

Section 7.2 Expenses
of Registration. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registration pursuant to this Article VII shall
be borne by the Company.

Section 7.3 Registration
Procedures. In the case of each registration of Registrable Securities effected by the Company pursuant to this Article VII,
the Company will keep the Investor advised in writing as to the initiation of each registration and as to the completion thereof. At its
sole expense, the Company will do the following:

(a) Prepare each Registration
Statement, including all exhibits and financial statements required under the Securities Act to be filed therewith, and before filing
such Registration Statement, any prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, furnish to the Investor copies of all documents
prepared to be filed, which documents shall be subject to the review of the Investor and its counsel;

(b) As soon as reasonably practicable,
file with the SEC the Registration Statement relating to the Registrable Securities, including all exhibits and financial statements required
by the SEC to be filed therewith, and use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement(s) to become effective under the Securities
Act as soon as practicable;

14

(c) Prepare and file with the
SEC such amendments, post-effective amendments, and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with
such Registration Statement as may be requested by the Investor or as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and
to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement;

(d) Notify the Investor, and
confirm such notice in writing and provide copies of the relevant documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after notice thereof is
received by the Company (i) when the applicable Registration Statement or any amendment thereto has been filed or becomes effective,
and when the applicable prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such prospectus has been filed, (ii) of any written comments
by the SEC or any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to such Registration
Statement, prospectus or for additional information (whether before or after the effective date of the Registration Statement), (iii) of
the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or any order by the SEC or any other
regulatory authority preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary or final prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any proceedings
for such purposes, and (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of any Registrable Securities
for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose;

(e) Furnish such number of prospectuses,
including any preliminary prospectuses, and other documents incident thereto, including any amendment of or supplement to the prospectus,
as the Investor (or its counsel) from time to time may reasonably request;

(f) Register and qualify the
securities covered by such Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably
requested by the Investor; provided, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to
qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions where it would not otherwise
be required to qualify or when it is not then otherwise subject to service of process;

(g) Notify each seller of Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the
Securities Act of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading or incomplete in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, and following such notification
promptly prepare and file a post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement or a supplement to the related prospectus or any document
incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document that would be incorporated by reference into such Registration
Statement and prospectus, so that such Registration Statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that such prospectus does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and, in the case of a post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement, use best efforts to cause it to be declared effective as promptly as is reasonably practicable,
and give to the Investor a written notice of such amendment or supplement, and, upon receipt of such notice, the Investor agrees not to
sell any Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement until the Investors receipt of copies of the supplemented
or amended prospectus or until it receives further written notice from the Company that such sales may re-commence;

15

(h) Use its best efforts to
prevent, or obtain the withdrawal of, any order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement (and promptly notify in writing
the Investor covered by such Registration Statement of the withdrawal of any such order);

(i) Provide a transfer agent
or warrant agent, as applicable, and registrar for all Registrable Securities registered pursuant to such Registration Statement and a
CUSIP number for all such Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of such registration;

(j) If requested, cooperate
with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or establishment of book entry notations representing
Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends, including without limitation, procuring and delivering any
opinions of counsel, certificates, or agreements as may be necessary to cause such Registrable Securities to be so delivered;

(k) Cause all such Registrable
Securities registered hereunder to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued
by the Company are then listed;

(l) Promptly identify to the
Investor any underwriter(s) participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement and any attorney or accountant or
other agent retained by any such underwriter or selected by the Investor, make available for inspection by the Investor all financial
and other records, pertinent corporate documents, and properties of the Company, and cause the Companys officers, directors, employees,
and independent accountants to supply all information reasonably requested by any such seller, underwriter, attorney, accountant, or agent,
in each case, as necessary or advisable to verify the accuracy of the information in such Registration Statement and to conduct appropriate
due diligence in connection therewith;

(m) Reasonably cooperate, and
cause each of its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and all other officers and members
of the management to fully cooperate in any offering of Registrable Securities hereunder, which cooperation shall include, without limitation,
assisting with the preparation of any Registration Statement or amendment thereto with respect to such offering and all other offering
materials and related documents, and participation in meetings with underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential stockholders;

(n) Otherwise use its best efforts
to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and make available to its stockholders an earnings statement (in a form
that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act or any successor
rule thereto) no later than thirty (30) days after the end of the 12-month period beginning with the first day of the Companys
first full fiscal quarter after the effective date of such Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall cover said 12-month period,
and which requirement will be deemed to be satisfied if the Company timely files complete and accurate information on Forms 10-K,
10-Q and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities Act or any successor rule thereto;

16

(o) Reasonably cooperate with
the Investor and each underwriter or agent, if any, participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities and their respective
counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA, and use its best efforts to make or cause to be made any filings
required to be made by an issuer with FINRA in connection with the filing of any Registration Statement;

(p) If requested by the Investor,
the Company shall as soon as practicable (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as the
Investor reasonably requests to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without
limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor
and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such
prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement if reasonably requested by the Investor;

(q) Take all reasonable action
to ensure that any free writing prospectus (as defined in the Securities Act) utilized in connection with any registration
covered by Article VII complies in all material respects with the Securities Act, is filed in accordance with the Securities Act
to the extent required thereby, is retained in accordance with the Securities Act to the extent required thereby and, when taken together
with the related prospectus, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and

(r) Take all such other reasonable
actions as are necessary or advisable in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

17

Section 7.4 Indemnification.

(a) To the extent permitted
by law, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, and each stockholder, member, limited or general partner thereof, each
stockholder, member, limited or general partner of each such stockholder, member, limited or general partner, each of their respective
Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, advisors, and agents and each person who controls (within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act) such persons and each of their respective representatives, and each underwriter, if any, and each person or entity
who controls within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act any underwriter, against all expenses, claims, judgments, suits,
costs, penalties, losses, damages, and liabilities (or actions, proceedings, or settlements in respect thereof) arising out of or based
on any of the following: (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement
on the part of the Company contained in this Agreement; (ii) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact
contained or incorporated by reference in any prospectus, offering circular or other document (including any related Registration Statement,
notification, or the like) incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance, (iii) any omission (or alleged omission)
to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or (iv) any
violation (or alleged violation) by the Company of the Securities Act, any state securities laws, or any rule or regulation thereunder
applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any offering covered by such registration,
qualification or compliance, and the Company will reimburse the Investor, and each stockholder, member, limited or general partner thereof,
each stockholder, member, limited or general partner of each such stockholder, member, limited or general partner, each of their respective
Affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders, employees, advisors, and agents and each person who controls such persons and each of their
respective Representatives, and each underwriter, if any, and each person or entity who controls any underwriter, for any legal and any
other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating and defending or settling any such claim, judgment, suit, penalty,
loss, damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim,
judgment, suit, penalty loss, damage, liability, or action arises out of or is based on any untrue statement or omission based upon written
information furnished to the Company by the Investor, any of the Investors Representatives, any person or entity controlling the
Investor, such underwriter or any person or entity who controls any such underwriter, and stated to be specifically for use therein; provided,
further, that, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 7.4(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement
of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld). This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability the Company may otherwise have. Such indemnity
shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor or any indemnified party and
shall survive the transfer of such securities by the Investor.

18

(b) To the extent permitted
by law, the Investor will, if Registrable Securities held by the Investor are included in the securities as to which such registration,
qualification, or compliance is being effected, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, officers, employees, partners,
legal counsel and accountants and each underwriter, if any, of the Companys securities covered by such a Registration Statement,
each person or entity who controls the Company or such underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against
all claims, judgments, penalties losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arising out of or based on any of the
following: (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part
of the Investor contained in this Agreement; (ii) any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained
or incorporated by reference in any prospectus, offering circular or other document (including any related Registration Statement, notification,
or the like) incident to any such registration, qualification or compliance made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use in connection with such registration, (iii) any omission to state therein
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case made in reliance
upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Investor expressly for use in connection with such
registration, or (iv) any violation (or alleged violation) by the Company of the Securities Act, any state securities laws, or any
rule or regulation thereunder applicable to the Investor and relating to action or inaction required of the Investor in connection with
any offering covered by such registration, qualification, or compliance, and will reimburse the Company and the Investor, directors, officers,
partners, legal counsel and accountants, persons, underwriters, or control persons for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred
in connection with investigating or defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, in each case to the extent, but only
to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission (i) is made in such Registration Statement, prospectus, offering circular or
other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Investor and stated to be specifically
for use therein and (ii) has not been corrected in a subsequent writing prior to or concurrently with the sale of the Registrable
Securities to the person asserting the claim; provided, however, that the obligations of the Investor hereunder shall not
apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such claims, losses, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) if such settlement
is effected without the consent of the Investor (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); and provided that in no event
shall any indemnity under this Section 7.4 exceed the aggregate Purchase Price paid by the Investor under this Agreement, except
in the case of fraud or willful misconduct by the Investor.

(c) Each party entitled to indemnification
under this Section 7.4 (the Indemnified Party) shall (i) give notice to the party required to
provide indemnification (the Indemnifying Party) promptly after such Indemnified Party has actual knowledge
of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought (provided, that any delay or failure to so notify the indemnifying party shall
relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder only to the extent, if at all, that it is actually and materially prejudiced
by reason of such delay or failure), and (ii) permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of such claim or any litigation
resulting therefrom; provided that counsel for the Indemnifying Party, who shall conduct the defense of such claim or any litigation
resulting therefrom, shall be approved by the Indemnified Party (whose approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and the Indemnified
Party may participate in such defense at such partys expense unless (w) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay
such fees or expenses, (x) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim within a reasonable time
after receipt of notice of such claim from the Indemnified Party hereunder and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified
Party, (y) the Indemnified Party has reasonably concluded (based upon advice of its counsel) that there may be legal defenses available
to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Party, or (z) in
the reasonable judgment of any such person (based upon advice of its counsel) a conflict of interest may exist between such person and
the Indemnifying Party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that such
person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to
assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person). No Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or litigation, shall,
except with the consent of each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include
as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in
respect to such claim or litigation. Each Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding itself or the claim in question as
an Indemnifying Party may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection with defense of such claim and
litigation resulting therefrom.

19

(d) If the indemnification provided
for in this Section 7.4 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Party with respect
to any loss, liability, claim, damage, or expense referred to herein, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified
Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, liability, claim,
damage, or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party on the one hand and of
the Indemnified Party on the other in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, liability, claim, damage,
or expense as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and of the Indemnified
Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties
relative intent, knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Investor will
not be required under this Section 7.4(d) to contribute any amount in excess of the aggregate Purchase Price paid by the Investor
under this Agreement, except in the case of fraud or willful misconduct by the Investor. No person or entity guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person or entity who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e) The obligations of the Company
and the Investor under this Section 7.4 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable Securities in a registration
under this Section 7.4 and otherwise shall survive the termination of this Agreement until the expiration of the applicable period
of the statute of limitations.

Section 7.5 Information
by the Investor. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding the Investor and the distribution proposed
by the Investor as the Company may reasonably request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in connection with any registration,
qualification, or compliance referred to in this Article VII.

Section 7.6 Rule 144
Reporting. With a view to making available the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC that may permit the sale of
the Restricted Securities to the public without registration, the Company agrees to do the following:

(a) Make and keep adequate current
public information with respect to the Company available in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act;

(b) File with the SEC in a timely
manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and

(c) So long as the Investor
owns any Restricted Securities, furnish to the Investor forthwith upon written request a written statement by the Company as to its compliance
with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, or that it qualifies as registrant whose
securities may be resold pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies), a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly
report of the Company, and such other reports and documents so filed as the Investor may reasonably request in availing itself of any
rule or regulation of the SEC allowing the Investor to sell any such securities without registration. The Company further covenants that
it shall take such further action as the Investor may reasonably request to enable the Investor to sell from time to time Securities held
by the Investor without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144, including
providing any legal opinions.

20

Section 7.7 No Inconsistent
Agreements. The Company has not entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company, on or after the date of this Agreement,
enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Investor or
otherwise conflict with the provisions hereof. Unless the Company receives the consent of the Investor, the Company shall not file any
other registration statements (other than registration statements on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or any successor forms thereto) until
all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the SEC.

ARTICLE VIII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF

PURCHASE NOTICE AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section 8.1 Conditions
Precedent to the Obligation of the Company to Issue and Sell Purchase Notice Securities. The obligation of the Company hereunder
to issue and sell the Purchase Notice Securities to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a) Accuracy of the Investors
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b) Performance by the Investor.
The Investor shall have performed, satisfied, and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Investor at or prior to each Closing.

(c) Principal Market Regulation.
The Company shall have no obligation to issue any Purchase Notice Securities, and the Investor shall have no right to receive any Purchase
Notice Securities, if the issuance of such Purchase Notice Securities would exceed the aggregate number of Securities which the Company
may issue without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market.

Section 8.2 Conditions
Precedent to the Obligation of the Investor to Purchase the Purchase Notice Securities. The obligation of the Investor hereunder
to purchase the Purchase Notice Securities is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a) Effective Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall have been declared effective and shall remain
effective for the resale of the Registrable Securities at all times until the Closing with respect to the subject Purchase Notice, the
Company shall not have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement
or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently,
or intends or has threatened to do so, and no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration
Statement, the Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement shall exist. The Investor shall not have received any notice from the Company
that the Prospectus, Prospectus Supplement, and/or any prospectus supplement or amendment thereto fails to meet the requirements of Section
5(b) or Section 10 of the Securities Act.

21

(b) Accuracy of the Companys
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the Execution Date and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular
date).

(c) Performance by the Company.
The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied, or complied with by the Company at or prior to such Closing.

(d) No Injunction. No
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or adopted by any
court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially
adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e) No Suspension of Trading
in or Delisting of Shares. The trading of the Securities shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market, or otherwise
halted for any reason, and the Securities shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from or
no longer quoted on the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the trading of the Securities,
as contemplated by this Section 8.2(e), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company any amount of Purchase Notice
Securities associated with such Purchase Notice, and the Commitment Amount with respect to such Purchase Notice shall be refunded accordingly.

(f) Beneficial Ownership
Limitation. The number of Purchase Notice Securities then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares
that, when aggregated with all other Securities then owned by the Investor beneficially owned (as such term is defined under the Exchange
Act) by the Investor, would result in the Investor beneficially owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below),
as determined in accordance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 8.2(f), if the amount of Securities
outstanding is greater or lesser on a Closing Date than on the date on which the Purchase Notice associated with such Closing Date is
given, the amount of Securities outstanding on such date of issuance of a Purchase Notice shall govern for purposes of determining whether
the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Securities made pursuant to this Agreement, would beneficially own more than the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation following a purchase on any such Closing Date. If the Investor claims that compliance with a Purchase Notice would
result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, upon request of the Company, the Investor will provide the
Company with evidence of the Investors then existing Securities beneficially owned. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of Securities outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of Securities issuable pursuant to a Purchase
Notice. To the extent that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation would be exceeded in connection with a Closing, the number of Securities
issuable to the Investor shall be reduced so it does not exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.

22

(g) Principal Market Regulation.
The Company shall have no right to issue and the Investor shall have no obligation to purchase any Purchase Notice Securities if the issuance
of aggregate Purchase Notice Securities would exceed equals 4.99% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the date hereof
(the Exchange Cap), unless and until the Corporation receives the approval of its stockholders as required
by the applicable rules and regulations of any Principal Market on which any securities of the Company are listed. The Exchange Cap shall
be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar transaction.

(h) No Knowledge. The
Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement to be suspended or the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement failing to meet the requirement of Sections 5(b) or 10 of the Securities
Act (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Business Days following the Business Day on which such Purchase
Notice is deemed delivered).

(i) No Violation of Stockholder
Approval Requirement. The issuance of the Securities shall not violate the stockholder approval requirements of the Principal Market.

(j) DWAC Eligible. The
Securities must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(k) SEC Documents. All
reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with
the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act after the Execution Date (the Future
SEC Documents) (1) shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under
the Exchange Act, and (2) as of their respective dates, such Future SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such Future SEC
Documents, and none of such Future SEC Documents contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

ARTICLE IX

LEGENDS

Section 9.1 No Restrictive
Legend. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Purchase Notice Securities.

Section 9.2 Investors
Compliance. Nothing in this Article IX shall affect in any way the Investors obligations hereunder to comply with all applicable
securities laws upon the sale of the Securities.

23

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1 Force Majeure.
No Party shall be liable for any failure to fulfill its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including but
not limited to acts of God, epidemic or pandemic, natural disaster, labor disturbances, terrorist attack, riots, or wars, and any action
taken, or restrictions or limitations imposed, by government or public authorities.

Section 10.2 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to
the principles of conflicts of law.

Section 10.3 Assignment.
The Transaction Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors.
Neither any of the Transaction Documents nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either Party to any
other Person.

Section 10.4 No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors, and
is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as contemplated in Section 7.4.

Section 10.5 Termination.
This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the end of the Commitment Period, or (ii) the date that, pursuant to
or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company,
a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for
the benefit of its creditors.

Section 10.6 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits thereto, contain the entire understanding of the Company and
the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters.

Section 10.7 Exclusivity.
During the Term, the Investor retains the exclusive right to such an equity line of credit.

Section 10.8 Clearing
Costs. The Company shall pay the Clearing Costs associated with each Closing, and any Transfer Agent fees (including any fees
required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied on
the Company in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor.

Section 10.9 Counterparts
and Execution. The Transaction Documents may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than
all of the Parties, all of which together will constitute one instrument, will be deemed to be an original, and will be enforceable against
the Parties. The Transaction Documents may be delivered to the other Party hereto by email of a copy of the Transaction Documents bearing
the signature of the Party so delivering the Transaction Documents. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be considered signed when
the signature of a Party is delivered by .PDF, DocuSign or other generally accepted electronic signature. Such .PDF, DocuSign, or other
generally accepted electronic signature shall be treated in all respects as having the same effect as an original signature. The signatories
to this Agreement each represent and warrant that they are duly authorized by the Parties with the power and authority to bind the Parties
to the terms and conditions thereof.

24

Section 10.10 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such severability shall be ineffective if it materially
changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any Party.

Section 10.11 Further
Assurances. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other Party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 10.12 Agreement
Not to be Construed Against Drafter. The Parties acknowledge that they have had an adequate opportunity to review each and every
provision contained in this Agreement and to submit the same to legal counsel for review and comment. The Parties agree with each and
every provision contained in this Agreement and agree that the rule of construction that a contract be construed against the drafter,
if any, shall not be applied in the interpretation and construction of this Agreement.

Section 10.13 Titles
and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not to be considered
in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section 10.14 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both Parties hereto and no
provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the Party against whom enforcement of such waiver
is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right,
power or privilege.

Section 10.15 Publicity.
The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby and no Party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such public statement, other
than as required by law or for legal compliance, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing
Party shall provide the other Party with prior notice of such public statement. The Investor acknowledges that the Transaction Documents
may be deemed to be material contracts, as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company
may therefore be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely
by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

25

Section 10.16 Notices.
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
for next Business Day delivery, or (c) transmitted by hand delivery, or email as a PDF (with read receipt or a written confirmation of
delivery or receipt), addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such Party shall have specified most recently by written
notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective
upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a Business Day during normal business hours where
such notice is to be received), or the first Business Day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a Business Day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received).

The addresses for such communications
shall be:

If to the Company:

Address: 990 Biscayne Blvd.

Miami, FL 33132

Telephone: (646) 240-4235

E-mail: tkaelin@safeandgreenholdings.com

If to the Investor:

Address: 210 West 77th Street, #7W

New York, NY 10024

Telephone: 917-658-7878

E-mail: nyc@clearthink.capital

Either Party hereto may from time to time change
its address or email for notices under this clause by giving prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the Execution
Date.

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: /s/ Michael McLaren

Name: Michael McLaren 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: 2/25/2025

TYSADCO PARTNERS LLC

By: 

By: /s/ Brian Loper

Name: Brian Loper

Title: Member

Date: 2/25/2025

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE

TO: TYSADCO PARTNERS LLC

We refer to the Purchase Agreement (the Agreement),
dated as of February 24, 2025, entered into by and between Safe & Green Holdings Corp. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement
shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We hereby certify that, as of the date hereof,
the conditions set forth in Article VIII of the Agreement are satisfied, and we hereby elect to exercise our right pursuant to
the Agreement to require you to purchase ______ Purchase Notice Securities.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the amount
of Purchase Notice Securities shall not exceed the Purchase Notice Limitation applicable to such Purchase Notice or the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation.

The Companys wire instructions are as follows:

[Insert Wire Instructions]

SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 

Name: Michael McLaren

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: February [], 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sgbx-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38037

Entity Registrant Name SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001023994

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-4463937

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 990 Biscayne Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two #501

Entity Address, Address Line Three Office 12

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33132

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 240-4235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol SGBX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://safeandgreenholdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233836-8k_safe.htm 
sgbx-20250306.xsd 
sgbx-20250306_lab.xml 
sgbx-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-022207-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0233836-8k_safe_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001023994 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001023994 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
SAFE & GREEN HOLDINGS CORP. 
DE 
001-38037 
95-4463937 
990 Biscayne Blvd. 
#501 
Office 12 
Miami 
FL 
33132 
646 
240-4235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 
SGBX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>