<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-029172.txt : 20250407
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-029172.hdr.sgml : 20250407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250407080016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-029172
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Janover Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LOAN BROKERS [6163]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				832676794
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41748
		FILM NUMBER:		25816388

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5615594111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6401 CONGRESS AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 250
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Janover Ventures LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237322-8k_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000180552600018055262025-04-042025-04-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 4, 2025

JANOVER INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41748 83-2676794

(State or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

6401 Congress Avenue, Suite 250

Boca Raton, Florida 33487

(Address of registrants principal executive office) (Zip code)

(561) 559-4111

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share JNVR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 4, 2025, Janover Inc. (the Company)
entered into securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements) with the investors identified on the signature
pages thereto (the Investors), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investors $41,950,000 million in aggregate principal
amount of convertible notes (the Notes), which are convertible into the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001
per share (Common Stock), together with warrants issued for each $1,000 in principal amount of convertible notes purchased
to purchase (1) approximately 8.333 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $120 per share (Warrant 1) and (2) approximately
6.666 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $150 per share (Warrant 2 and, together with Warrant 1, the Warrants).

Convertible Note

The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 2.5% per
year, paid in cash quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, and mature on April 6, 2030.
The Notes are convertible at any time prior to the Maturity Date, conditioned on the requirement that the Companys market capitalization
equaled or exceeded $100 million on the day prior to the conversion date. The conversion price will be set on the date that the Companys
market capitalization first equals or exceeds $100 million to equal the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock
Market, subject to a minimum price of $4.81. Once set, the conversion price will not be adjusted, except for customary anti-dilution and
dividend protection. Conversion of the Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, at the time of conversion will be
settled in shares of Common Stock.

The holders of the Notes have the right to require
the Company to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to 100% of par plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on April 6, 2028. In addition,
the Company may redeem the notes on or after April 6, 2028 if the last reported sale price of the common stock has been at least 130%
of the conversion price for at least 20 trading days during a period of 30 consecutive trading days at a price equal to 100% of par plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

The Notes provide that the holder may not convert
any portion of such holders Notes to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than
4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately after conversion,
except that upon at least 61 days prior notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the beneficial ownership
limitation to up to 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the conversion.

The Notes contains certain other customary covenants
and customary events of default provisions.

Warrants

The Warrants exercisable immediately upon issuance
and have a term of exercise equal to five years from the date of issuance. The Exercise Prices are subject to adjustments upon the issuance
of stock dividends, and subdivision or combinations of shares of Common Stock by the Company.

Warrants for certain investors provide that the
holder may not exercise any portion of such holders Warrants to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates, would
beneficially own more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock
immediately after exercise, except that upon at least 61 days prior notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase
the beneficial ownership limitation to up to 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the exercise.

Registration Rights

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements,
the Company has agreed to enter into a customary registration rights agreement with the Investors within 30 business days of the date
of the Securities Purchase Agreements.

1

The foregoing summaries of the Securities Purchase
Agreements, Notes and Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Securities Purchase Agreements,
Notes and Warrants, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 4.1, Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 4.3, respectively, and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The applicable information set forth in Item 1.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Securities Purchase Agreements and Notes above is incorporated by reference into
this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The Companys offering and sale of the Notes
and the Warrants, including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Note or Warrants, was made in reliance
upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). Neither the issuance of the Securities, nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Note or
Warrants have been registered under the Securities Act and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

The applicable information set forth in Item 1.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell
or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

On April 4, 2025, Blake Janover, chief
executive officer and director of Company, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Defi
Dev LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Defi Dev), and 3277447 Nova Scotia Ltd, a corporation formed under the
laws of Canada (NS Corp) to sell (i) 728,632 shares of Common Stock, with each share of common stock entitled to one
vote per share and representing approximately 51.0% of the Companys 1,428,464 issued and outstanding shares of common stock
and (ii) 10,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, with each share of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to 10,000
votes per share on all matters entitled to be voted upon by the common stock unless otherwise prohibited by law. Defi Dev and NS
Corp were previously unaffiliated parties to the Company. Defi Dev purchased 412,041 shares of common stock and 5,500 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock for $2,255,338 utilizing funds contributed by its managing member and other members. A portion of the funds
for the purchase of shares by DeFi Dev came from a loan from Joseph Onorati. NS Corp purchased 316,591 shares of common stock and
4,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for $1,744,662 utilizing funds contributed by its controlling stockholder. The aggregate
purchase price was $4,000,000. The transactions under the Purchase Agreement constitute a change in control of the Company.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective as of April 4, 2025, Samuel Haskell,
Marcelo Lemos and Ned Siegel resigned from the Board and, to the extent applicable, all committees thereof. The directors resignations
were not related to any disagreement with the Company.

On April 4, 2025, the Board elected each of Joseph
Onorati, Marco Santori and Zachary Tai as directors of the Company, to fill the vacancies on the Board. Mr. Santori was appointed to serve
on the Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board and Mr. Tai was appointed to serve on the Audit
Committee and Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. None of Mr. Onorati, Mr. Santori
or Mr. Tai have or have had a material interest in any transaction disclosable under Reg S-K Item 404(a). The Board expects to adopt a
new compensation program for non-executive directors, but has not yet done so.

2

After such replacements, the new Board is composed
of Mr. Janover, Mr. Caragol (independent), Mr. Onorati (chairman), Mr. Santori (independent) and Mr. Tai (independent). The Audit Committee
is composed of Mr. Santori, Mr. Caragol and Mr. Tai. The Compensation Committee is composed of Mr. Caragol and Mr. Tai. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee is composed of Mr. Santori and Mr. Tai and Mr. Caragol.

On April 4, 2025, the Board made the following
officer appointments:

- Mr. Onorati was appointed by the Board as the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Onorati, age
41, most recently served as chief strategy officer at Kraken Digital Asset Exchange, working at Kraken from 2016 to 2024. Previously,
he was at CaVirtEx, the first Bitcoin exchange in Canada, from 2013 to 2015 where he was appointed as interim CEO, until he sold the company
to Coinsetter, which was later acquired by Kraken.

Mr. Onorati succeeds Mr. Janover as
CEO of the Company. Mr. Janover will remain as an employee of the Company serving as chief commercial officer and will lead the Companys
existing AI-powered online commercial real estate platform.

The Board expects to set compensation
for Mr. Onorati, and will file an amendment to this current report on Form 8-K to report such information once it is available. Mr. Onorati
is a director and controlling stockholder in NS Corp, which owns 22.16% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock following the closing
of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

- Parker White was appointed by the Board as the chief operating officer and chief investment officer of
the Company. Mr. White, age 31, previously served as an Engineering Director at Kraken Digital Asset Exchange from December 2018 to March
2025. He also runs a Solana validator with $75 million in delegated stake. Earlier in his career, Mr. White served as the Director of
Research and Trading for TCG Advisors, a $2 billion institutional asset manager, from May 2014 to December 2018.

The Board expects to set compensation
for Mr. White, and will file an amendment to this current report on Form 8-K to report such information once it is available. Mr. White
is the managing member of Defi Dev LLC, which owns 28.85% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock following the closing of the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

- Blake Janover, former CEO of the Company, was appointed by the Board as the chief commercial officer of the Company.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On April 7, 2025, the
Company issued an investor presentation. A copy of the presentation is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
is incorporated by reference herein.

The information contained
in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is intended to be furnished and will not be deemed to be filed
for any purpose, including for the purposes of Section 18 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section, nor will such information or exhibit be deemed incorporated by reference in any
filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as may be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 7, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the closing of the offering of the Notes and Warrants. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto.

3

On April 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release
addressing the matters set forth under Item 5.01 and 5.02, above. The press release also announced that its Board of Directors has approved
the inclusion of Solana (SOL) as an asset in the Companys treasury management program (Announcement),
which the Company believes will diversify its treasury holdings. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.3 hereto.

In connection with the Announcement, the Company
is supplementing the risk factors previously disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the Form
10-K) with the following risk factors. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the risk factors included in the Form
10-K.

Our financial results and the market price
of our common stock may be affected by the prices of Solana (SOL).

As part of our capital allocation strategy for
assets that are not required to provide working capital for our ongoing operations, we may invest in SOL. The price of SOL has historically
been subject to dramatic price fluctuations and is highly volatile. Moreover, digital assets, such as SOL, are relatively novel and the
application of securities laws and other regulations to such assets is unclear in many respects. It is possible that regulators may interpret
laws in a manner that adversely affects the liquidity or value of SOL.

Any decrease in the fair value of SOL below our
carrying value for such assets could require us to incur an impairment charge, and such charge could be material to our financial results
for the applicable reporting period, which may create significant volatility in our reported earnings. Any decrease in reported earnings
or increased volatility of such earnings could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the
application of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States with respect to SOL remains uncertain in some respects, and
any future changes in the manner in which we account for our SOL assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial results
and the market price of our common stock.

In addition, if investors view the value of our
common stock as dependent upon or linked to the value or change in the value of our SOL holdings, the price of SOL may significantly influence
the market price of our common stock.

If we or our third-party service providers
experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our SOL assets, we may lose some or all of our SOL
assets and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Security breaches and cyberattacks are of particular
concern with respect to our investment in SOL. While we use highly reviewed and audited custody solutions, a successful security breach
or cyberattack could result in a partial or total loss of our SOL assets in a manner that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity
provisions of our custody agreements with those custodians. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations.

We face other risks related to our SOL treasury
reserve business model. 

Our SOL treasury reserve business model exposes
us to various risks, including the following:

SOL and other digital assets are subject to significant legal,
commercial, regulatory, and technical uncertainty, and our SOL strategy subjects us to enhanced regulatory oversight.

Regulatory changes could impact our ability to operate validators
or receive rewards.

Regulatory scrutiny of the Companys activities may
increase, potentially limiting our operations.

Potential litigation risks exist related to smart contract
vulnerabilities, validator operations, or our business activities.

We could be subject to lawsuits alleging violations of securities
laws if SOL is deemed a security.

If our SOL holdings and staking activities are deemed to
meet the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we could face compliance obligations
or enforcement actions.

4

The Securities and Exchange Commission has previously referred
to SOL as a potential security in enforcement actions against major exchanges, though those cases have since been dismissed.

Our operations may be subject to enhanced scrutiny and compliance
requirements if SOL is classified as a security in the future.

Uncertainty around SOLs regulatory status may impact our
ability to list on certain exchanges.

Changes in political administration may not guarantee a favorable
regulatory environment for SOL.

Future Securities and Exchange Commission actions or court decisions could retroactively classify SOL
as a security, potentially leading to penalties or forced unwinding of transactions.

Increased regulatory focus on Layer-1 blockchains beyond
Bitcoin and Ethereum could result in new compliance requirements.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. Except for historical information contained in the press release attached as Exhibit 99.3 hereto, the press release
contains forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by these statements. Please refer to the cautionary note in the press release regarding these forward-looking
statements.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Convertible Note

4.2 Form of Warrant 1

4.3 Form of Warrant 2

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated April 4, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investors.

99.1 Investor Presentation dated April 7, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated as of April 7, 2025.

99.3 Press Release, dated as of April 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

5

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 7, 2025 JANOVER INC.

By: /s/ Joseph Onorati

Name: Joseph Onorati

Title: Chairman & CEO

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex4-1_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF CONVERTIBLE NOTE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. THE PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH
ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE.

Convertible
Note

Issuance Date: April 6, 2025 Original Principal Amount: U.S. $[______]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Janover, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to [___] or its registered assigns (Holder)
the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion
or otherwise, the Principal) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, or upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise
(in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at
a rate of 2.5% per annum (the Interest Rate) from the date set forth above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance
Date) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption
or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Convertible Note (this Note) is issued pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement), dated as of April 6, 2025 by and between
the Company and the Holder, as amended from time to time. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 20.

1. INTEREST.

(a) The
Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate then outstanding Principal of this Note in cash at the rate of 2.5% per annum,
payable quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 beginning June 30, 2025 (if any Interest Payment Date
is not a Business Day, then the applicable payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day) (each such date, an Interest
Payment Date).

(b) Interest
shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily commencing on
the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated
damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this
Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note (the Note Register).

2. CONVERSION OF NOTE.
At any time after the Issuance Date and on or prior to the Maturity Date, this Note shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Optional
Conversion. The Holder shall be entitled, on one or more occasions, to convert all or a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Principal
into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 2(b), at the Conversion Price at
any time after the Issuance Date and on or prior to the Maturity Date; provided, that the Company shall have met the Market Capitalization
Condition on the prior Trading Day. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance
would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock
up to the nearest whole share.

(b) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) The number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Principal pursuant to Section 2(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) (A) the
amount of Principal subject to conversion plus (B) all accrued and unpaid interest to the date of conversion, by (y) the Conversion Price.

(ii) To convert
any Principal into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall deliver (whether via
electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, an Conversion Notice) to the Company.

(iii) As soon
as practicable following the Conversion Date, the Company shall cause to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder, or as the
Holder may direct, book-entry statements evidencing the number of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock to which the Holder shall
be entitled on such conversion, in the applicable denominations based on the applicable conversion.

(iv) The Company
shall pay any and all reasonable transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees
and expenses of the transfer agent (as defined below)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon
conversion of any Principal.

(c) Conversion
Price. The Conversion Price shall equal the exact price per share at which the Market Capitalization Condition is achieved, based
on the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market (or such other national securities exchange on which the
Common Stock is then listed) on the date the Market Capitalization Condition is first achieved (the Conversion Price). Within
ten (10) Business Days following the date on which the Market Capitalization Condition has been achieved (the Conversion Price
Determination Date), the Company shall provide notice to the Holder of the Conversion Price in accordance with Section 15 herein.
Once the Conversion Price is set, it shall not be adjusted due to subsequent volatility in the Companys market capitalization,
except as set forth in Section 2(f) herein. In no event shall the Conversion Price be less than $4.81, subject to adjustments consistent
with Section 2(f) herein.

(d) Register.
The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the holders
of the Note and the Principal Amount of the Note held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The entries in the
Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holders of this Note shall treat
each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Note for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right
to receive payments of Principal and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary.

2

(e) Ranking.
The obligations of the Company under this Note shall rank senior to all other existing Indebtedness and equity of the Company except that
the obligations of the Company under this Note shall rank pari passu with all other Indebtedness owing to the other Investors under the
other Notes (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the Other Notes). Upon any Liquidation
Event (as hereinafter defined), but subject in all cases to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Holder will be entitled to receive,
before any distribution or payment is made upon, or set apart with respect to, any Indebtedness of the Company (other than Indebtedness
in respect of the Other Notes) or any class of shares of the Company, an amount equal to the sum of the outstanding Principal Amount.
For purposes of this Note, Liquidation Event means a liquidation pursuant to a filing of a petition for bankruptcy
under applicable law or any other insolvency or debtors relief, an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company.

(f) Adjustments
for Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the Conversion Price Determination Date, (i) pays a stock
dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital
stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one
or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse
stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or
(iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(g) Beneficial
Ownership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant
to the terms of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to any shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable pursuant to the terms
of this Note and any such issuance shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance, the Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of [4.99%] (the Maximum
Percentage) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance. For purposes
of this Section 2(g), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. In the event that the
issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion of this Note would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties
being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
(as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties
aggregate beneficial ownership would exceed the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void
and shall be cancelled ab initio and any portion of this Note so converted shall be reinstated, and the Holder shall not have the power
to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder may, from time to time, increase
or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99%, as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any
such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the
Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder
of Notes that is not an Attribution Party of the Holder; provided however, notwithstanding the forgoing, the Holder shall not be entitled
to so increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage at any time that the Holder may be deemed to hold this Note with the purpose or effect
of changing or influencing the control of the Company, or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose
or effect. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the
terms of this Section 2(g) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 2(g) or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply
to a successor holder of this Note.

3

3. RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF
DEFAULT.

(a) Event of
Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default, provided that, for the avoidance
of doubt, if applicable, the following events shall not constitute an Event of Default if such events are cured within time periods set
forth in this Section 3(a):

(i) the suspension
from trading or the failure of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on a Trading Market for a period of five (5) consecutive
Trading Days;

(ii) the Companys
or any Subsidiarys failure to pay to the Holder any amount when and as due under this Note, if such failure remains uncured for
a period of at least five (5) Business Days;

(iii) the Companys
or any Subsidiarys (A) default on any payment of any amount or amounts of principal or interest of any Indebtedness or (B) default
in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument
or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default
or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness to cause, with the giving of notice if
required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity;

(iv) default in
the Companys obligation to convert this Note in accordance with Section 2 upon exercise of the conversion right with respect
thereto;

(v) default in
the Companys obligations under Section 5;

(vi) default in
any of the Companys obligations or agreements under this Note (other than as set forth in clauses (ii)-(v) of this Section 3(a))
where such default is not cured or waived within sixty (60) days after notice to the Company by Holder;

(vii) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
forty-five (45) days of their initiation;

4

(viii) the commencement
by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it
to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary case
or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement
of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization
or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment
of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company
or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the
execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission by
it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any Subsidiary
in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure sale or
any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law; and

(ix) the entry
by a court of (A) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary or involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (B) a
decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly
filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary
under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (C) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing a custodian,
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial
part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order, judgment
or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period of thirty
(30) consecutive days. 

(b) Notice of
an Event of Default; Redemption Right. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note, the Company shall within
five (5) Business Days deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified) (an
Event of Default Notice) to the Holder. At any time after the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice
and the Companys failure to cure such Event of Default following a reasonable period of time, the Holder may require the Company
to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice)
to the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing to redeem.

4. REDEMPTION.

(a) Option Redemption
by Holder. The Holder shall have the right, solely at the Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash on
April 6, 2028 (the Repurchase Date), all of the Holders Notes, or any portion thereof, at the Redemption
Price. Not later than 20 Business Days prior to the Repurchase Date, the Company shall mail a notice (the Company Notice)
to the Holder at its address shown in the Register. The Company Notice shall include a Form of Repurchase Notice to be completed by a
holder and shall state: (a) the last date on which the Holder may exercise its repurchase right pursuant to this Section 4(b) (the
Repurchase Expiration Time); (b) the Redemption Price; (c) the Repurchase Date; (d) that the Notes with respect
to which a Repurchase Notice has been delivered by the Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Repurchase Notice in
accordance with the terms of this Note; and (e) that the Holder shall have the right to withdraw any Notes surrendered prior to the Repurchase
Expiration Time.

5

(b) Optional
Redemption by Company. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to April 6, 2028. On or after April 6, 2028, the Company
may redeem (an Optional Redemption) all or any portion the outstanding Principal upon at least twenty (20) Trading
Days written notice to the Holder (Redemption Notice), for cash at the Redemption Price, if the Last Reported
Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the Conversion Price for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive),
including the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides a Redemption Notice, during a period of 30 consecutive
Trading Days. No Optional Redemption shall occur prior to the date on which the Company sets the Conversion Price under Section 2(c)
of this Note.

5. FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

(a) Assumption.
If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, the Company shall cause the Successor Entity to assume
in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5 pursuant to written
agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor
Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental
Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction,
the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note
and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein and therein.

(b) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, then, upon any subsequent conversion
of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)
that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of
shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. If holders
of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder
shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under the Transaction
Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5 pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Note which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note prior to
such Fundamental Transaction, and with an conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental
Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction,
the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor
Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note
and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

6

(c) Notice
to Holder. If (i) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a stock split) on the
Common Stock, (ii) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock (excluding
any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan), (iii) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
the Company or of any rights, (iv) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of the assets of its, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last email address
as it shall appear upon the Register, at least 15 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified
(unless such information is filed with the SEC on its EDGAR system in which case a notice shall not be required), a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement,
sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the
Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Note constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder
shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

6. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions
of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable
upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this
Note.

7. RESERVATION OF AUTHORIZED
SHARES. So long as the Note remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 100% of the number of shares of Common
Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all the Principal then outstanding (assuming for such purpose
the Note remains outstanding until the Maturity Date) at the Conversion Price then in effect.

8. VOTING RIGHTS. The
Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law (including, without limitation, the Delaware
General Corporation Law) and as expressly provided in this Note.

9. COVENANTS. Until
this Note has been fully converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with its terms:

(a) Rank.
The Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, comply with its obligations under this Note and the other Transaction Documents.

(b) Preservation
of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain duly qualified
and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of
its business makes such qualification necessary; provided, that a wholly-owned Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another.

(d)
Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all material taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever
(together with any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries (except
where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure
to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain
adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

7

(e)
(d) 1934 Act Reports. The Company will send to Holder copies of all reports that the Company is required to file with or furnish
to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Act within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Company is required
to file or furnish the same (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods under the 1934 Act); provided, however,
that the Company need not send to Holder any material for which the Company has received, or is seeking in good faith and has not been
denied, confidential treatment by the SEC, or any correspondence with the SEC. Any report that the Company files with or furnishes to
the SEC through the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) will be deemed to be sent Holder at the time such report is so filed or furnished
via the EDGAR system (or such successor), it being understood that Holder shall not be responsible for determining whether such filings
have been made or for their timeliness or their content.

(f)
(e) Rule 144 Information. If the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act at any time when this Note or shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note are outstanding and constitute restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144), then the Company (or its successor) will promptly provide, to Holder and, upon written request, to any beneficial owner
or prospective purchaser of this Note or shares, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 1933
Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares pursuant to Rule 144A.

10. AMENDING THE TERMS
OF THIS NOTE. The prior written consent of the holders of a majority in interest of the aggregate Conversion Shares (as defined in
the Securities Purchase Agreement) issued or issuable under the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be required for any amendment, modification
or waiver to this Note. Any amendment, modification or waiver so approved shall be binding upon all existing and future Holders.

11. REISSUANCE OF THIS
NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new
Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any
assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 1(d) following conversion or
redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the
face of this Note. 

(b) Lost, Stolen
or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 11(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note Exchangeable
for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,
for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 11(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing in the aggregate the
outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated
by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be
of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 11(a) or Section 11(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when
added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining
outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face
of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note.

8

12. REMEDIES. The remedies
provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual
and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or
partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the
documents shall not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company
covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts
set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts
to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or
the performance thereof).

13. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS.
This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against any such Person
as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine,
neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words
of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note.

14. FAILURE OR INDULGENCE
NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative
of the waiving party.

15. NOTICES. Whenever
notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the Securities
Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Note, including
in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will give written notice to the Holder upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying,
the calculation of such adjustment.

16. CANCELLATION. After
all Principal, accrued Interest, and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically
be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

17. WAIVER OF NOTICE.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other demands and notices
in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement.

18. GOVERNING LAW.
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement. This Note shall not be interpreted
or construed with any presumption against the party causing this Note to be drafted.

9

19. SEVERABILITY. If
any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

20. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.
For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b)
1934 Act means the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder.

(c)
Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act.

(d)
Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons: (i) any investment vehicle,
including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly
managed or advised by the Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates
of the Holder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder
or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other Person whose beneficial ownership of the Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the
Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is
to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(e) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

(f) Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially issued
the Note pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(g) Common
Stock means the Companys shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share.

(h) Fundamental
Transaction means, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one
or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash
or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of
Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or
party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination).

10

(i) GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(j) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(k) 

i.
(h)Indebtedness means: (i) all obligations for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes,
or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations or liabilities secured by a lien or encumbrance on any asset of the Company, irrespective
of whether such obligation or liability is assumed; (iv) all obligations for the deferred purchase price of assets, other than trade
debt and other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business; (v) all synthetic leases; and (vi) any obligation guaranteeing
or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the
foregoing obligations of any other person.

(l) Last
Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is
reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask
prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the
Common Stock is listed for trading. If the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on
the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter
market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock is not so quoted, the
Last Reported Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock on the
relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this
purpose.

(m) Maturity
Date shall mean April 6, 2030.

(n) Market
Capitalization Condition means that the Company has a market capitalization of at least $100,000,000, calculated as the product
of (i) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the achievement of the Market Capitalization Condition,
and (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on such date.

11

(o) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(p) Principal
Amount means, with respect to a given date, the value of the outstanding Principal on such date in U.S. Dollars.

(q) Redemption
Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 4, 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

(r) Rule
144 means Rule 144 under the 1933 Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

(s) Rule
144A means Rule 144A under the 1933 Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to time.

(t) SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

(u) Subsidiaries
means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (i) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar
interest of such Person or (ii) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person.

(v) Successor
Entity means any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor.

(w) Trading
Day means a day on which national stock exchanges in the United States are open for trading.

(x) Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

[Signature page follows] 

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

Janover, Inc.

By: /s/
Joseph Onorati

Name: Joseph Onorati 

Title: CEO 

[Convertible Note - Signature Page]

EXHIBIT
A

[__]

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the
Convertible Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by [__], a Delaware corporation (the Company).
In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Principal Amount (as defined in the Note) of
the Note indicated below into shares of Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company,
as of the date specified below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Note.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate Principal to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such portion of the Aggregate Principal and such Aggregate Interest to be converted: 

AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 

TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: $ 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted
to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Issue to: 

Date: _____________ __,

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID:

E-mail Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex4-2_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT 1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

CONFIDENTIAL

JANOVER
INC.

Warrant
To Purchase Common Stock

Date of Issuance: April
6, 2025 (Issuance Date)

Janover, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, [__], the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns
(the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price
(as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant), at any time
or times on or after the Issuance Date, but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on April 6,
2030 (the Expiration Date), up to [__] shares (the Warrant
Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock). This Warrant is issued
pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2025 (the Subscription
Date), by and among the Company and the Holder, as amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement).

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics of Exercise.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via
e-mail or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice),
of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant on any day on or after the Issuance Date and on or before the Expiration Date.
Promptly following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the
Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised
(the Aggregate Exercise Price). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order
to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall
have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the
remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have
the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.
Promptly following the Companys receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued the applicable number
of Warrant Shares to the Holder and cause such Warrant Shares to be registered in book-entry form in the name of the Holder on the Companys
share register (which book-entry records shall contain an appropriate notation concerning transfer restrictions of the Warrant Shares,
in accordance with applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other applicable jurisdictions), and will provide
to the Holder evidence of such issuance from the Companys transfer agent.

(b) Exercise Price.
For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $120, subject to
adjustment as provided herein.

(c) Further Assurances.
The Company shall in all cases use its reasonable best efforts to comply with the delivery requirements set forth herein and shall do
all things and take all actions reasonably requested by the Holder in furtherance thereof.

(d) Reservation of Shares.
So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of
shares of Common Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys
obligation to issue shares of Common Stock under the Warrant (after giving effect to any partial exercise(s) hereof).

(e) Currency Treatment.
In the event that the Aggregate Exercise Price is paid in any currency or property, including digital currencies, other than U.S. dollars,
the value of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall, if it is necessary to determine an equivalent amount in U.S. dollars, be deemed to be,
at the Companys election (i) the U.S. dollar equivalent of such currency or property as of the date and time the Exercise Notice
as published on such Exchange or Exchanges as shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, or (ii) the U.S. dollar value,
net of any Exchange fees or costs, actually received by the Company upon exchange of such currency or property into U.S. dollars. For
purposes of this Section 1(e), Exchange means any organization, association, or group of persons, whether incorporated or
unincorporated, which constitutes, maintains, or provides a marketplace or facilities for bringing together purchasers and sellers of
cryptocurrencies or digital assets.

(f) Beneficial Ownership.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant,
and the Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms of this Warrant and any such exercise
shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder together with
the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of [4.99%] (the Maximum Percentage) of
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of this Section 1(f),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act). In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant would result in
the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued
by which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership would exceed the Maximum Percentage (the Excess
Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio and any portion of this Warrant so exercised shall be
reinstated, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after
the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the
Holder for the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder may, from time to time, increase or decrease
the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99%, as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase
in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii)
any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of Warrants
that is not an Attribution Party of the Holder; provided however, notwithstanding the forgoing, the Holder shall not be entitled to so
increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage at any time that the Holder may be deemed to hold this Warrant with the purpose or effect
of changing or influencing the control of the Company, or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose
or effect. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the
terms of this Section 1(f) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 1(f) or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply
to a successor holder of this Warrant. As used herein:

1. Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

2. Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons: (i) any investment
vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or
indirectly managed or advised by the Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates
of the Holder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder
or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other Person whose beneficial ownership of the Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the
Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is
to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

2

3. Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act
and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

4. Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

5. Trading Day means a day on which national stock exchanges in the United States are
open for trading.

2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER
OF WARRANT SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment
from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock Dividends and
Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the Subscription Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then
outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common
Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more
classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made
pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become
effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph
occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted
appropriately to reflect such event.

(b) Number of Warrant Shares.
Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 2(a), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price
payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

3

(c) Calculations. All
calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the
Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of Common Stock.

(d) Notice to Holder.
If (i) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a stock split) on the Common Stock,
(ii) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock (excluding any granting
or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan), (iii) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Company or
of any rights, (iv) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common
Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of its, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Register, at least 15 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation,
arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure
to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required
to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

3. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby
covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this
Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the
Exercise Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

4

4. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled
to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in
this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder
of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification
of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise,
prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant.
In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities
(upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 4, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and
other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

5. REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer of Warrant.
If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue
and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) to the Holder representing the right
to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated
Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and,
in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple
Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new
Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is
designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
given.

(d) Issuance of New Warrants.
Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor
with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying
this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 5(a) or Section 5(c), the Warrant Shares designated by
the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such
issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated
on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

(e) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

5

(f) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that (x) the transferor (other than in connection with a transfer to an
Affiliate of the transferor) provide to the Company an opinion of counsel to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (y) that the transferee agree in writing to be bound by the
terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, with all the rights and obligations of an Investor under such agreement.

6. NOTICES. Whenever notice is required
to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the Securities Purchase
Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the
issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise in accordance with the terms hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of
such action and the reason therefor.

7. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise
provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform
any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be
effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

8. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this
Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision
that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be
valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions
of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties
as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially
impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise
be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s).

9. GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement. This Warrant shall not be interpreted or construed with
any presumption against the party causing this Warrant to be drafted.

10. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant
shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof.
The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant.

11. REMEDIES. The remedies provided in
this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant at law or in equity (including a decree
of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual and consequential
damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall
be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).

[Signature page follows] 

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

Janover,
Inc.

By: /s/
Joseph Onorati

Name: Joseph
Onorati 

Title: CEO

[Signature Page to Warrant]

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

TO BE
EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

[__]

The undersigned holder hereby
elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant) of [__],
a Delaware corporation (the Company), as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Exercise Price.
The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares.

2. Payment of Exercise
Price. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance with the
terms of the Warrant.

3. Delivery of Warrant
Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Common Stock in accordance
with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Issue to: 

Date: _____________ __, 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID:____________________________

E-mail Address:_____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex4-3_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT 2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

CONFIDENTIAL

JANOVER INC.

Warrant To
Purchase Common Stock

Date of Issuance: April 6, 2025 (Issuance
Date)

Janover, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, [__], the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled,
subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise
of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, but
not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on April 6, 2030 (the Expiration Date), up to [__] shares (the Warrant
Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock). This Warrant is
issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2025 (the Subscription Date),
by and among the Company and the Holder, as amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement).

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics of Exercise.
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via
e-mail or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice),
of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant on any day on or after the Issuance Date and on or before the Expiration Date.
Promptly following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the
Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised
(the Aggregate Exercise Price). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order
to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall
have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the
remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have
the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.
Promptly following the Companys receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued the applicable number
of Warrant Shares to the Holder and cause such Warrant Shares to be registered in book-entry form in the name of the Holder on the Companys
share register (which book-entry records shall contain an appropriate notation concerning transfer restrictions of the Warrant Shares,
in accordance with applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other applicable jurisdictions), and will provide
to the Holder evidence of such issuance from the Companys transfer agent.

(b) Exercise Price. For
purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $150, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c) Further Assurances.
The Company shall in all cases use its reasonable best efforts to comply with the delivery requirements set forth herein and shall do
all things and take all actions reasonably requested by the Holder in furtherance thereof.

(d) Reservation of Shares.
So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of
shares of Common Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys
obligation to issue shares of Common Stock under the Warrant (after giving effect to any partial exercise(s) hereof).

(e) Currency Treatment.
In the event that the Aggregate Exercise Price is paid in any currency or property, including digital currencies, other than U.S. dollars,
the value of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall, if it is necessary to determine an equivalent amount in U.S. dollars, be deemed to be,
at the Companys election (i) the U.S. dollar equivalent of such currency or property as of the date and time the Exercise Notice
as published on such Exchange or Exchanges as shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, or (ii) the U.S. dollar value,
net of any Exchange fees or costs, actually received by the Company upon exchange of such currency or property into U.S. dollars. For
purposes of this Section 1(e), Exchange means any organization, association, or group of persons, whether incorporated
or unincorporated, which constitutes, maintains, or provides a marketplace or facilities for bringing together purchasers and sellers
of cryptocurrencies or digital assets.

(f) Beneficial Ownership.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant,
and the Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms of this Warrant and any such exercise
shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the Holder together with
the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of [4.99%] (the Maximum Percentage)
of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of this Section 1(f),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act). In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant would result in
the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued
by which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership would exceed the Maximum Percentage
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio and any portion of this Warrant
so exercised shall be reinstated, and the Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise
price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder may, from time to time,
increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99%, as specified in such notice; provided that
(i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered
to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any
other holder of Warrants that is not an Attribution Party of the Holder; provided however, notwithstanding the forgoing, the Holder shall
not be entitled to so increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage at any time that the Holder may be deemed to hold this Warrant with
the purpose or effect of changing or influencing the control of the Company, or in connection with or as a participant in any transaction
having such purpose or effect. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 1(f) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which
may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 1(f) or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not
be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. As used herein:

1. Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

2

2. Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons: (i) any investment
vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or
indirectly managed or advised by the Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates
of the Holder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder
or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other Person whose beneficial ownership of the Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the
Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is
to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

3. Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act
and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

4. Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

5. Trading Day means a day on which national stock exchanges in the United States are
open for trading.

2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT
SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time
to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits.
If the Company, at any time on or after the Subscription Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding
shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii)
subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a
fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause
(i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the
period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to
reflect such event.

(b) Number of Warrant Shares.
Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 2(a), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price
payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Calculations. All calculations
under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable. The number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and
the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issuance or sale of Common Stock.

3

(d) Notice to Holder. If
(i) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a stock split) on the Common Stock, (ii)
the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common Stock (excluding any granting
or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan), (iii) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Company or
of any rights, (iv) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common
Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of its, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Register, at least 15 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation,
arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure
to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required
to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

3. NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants
and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement),
Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action
as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) shall not increase
the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and
(b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

4. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled
to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in
this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder
of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification
of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise,
prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant.
In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities
(upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 4, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and
other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders.

4

5. REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer of Warrant.
If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue
and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) to the Holder representing the right
to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated
Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and,
in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple
Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new
Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is
designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
given.

(d) Issuance of New Warrants.
Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor
with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying
this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 5(a) or Section 5(c), the Warrant Shares designated by
the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such
issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated
on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

(e) Warrant Register. The
Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

(f) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that (x) the transferor (other than in connection with a transfer to an
Affiliate of the transferor) provide to the Company an opinion of counsel to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (y) that the transferee agree in writing to be bound by the
terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, with all the rights and obligations of an Investor under such agreement.

5

6. NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to
be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement.
The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon exercise in accordance with the terms hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of such action
and the reason therefor.

7. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise
provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform
any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be
effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

8. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Warrant
is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would
otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable,
and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so
long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject
matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair
the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise
be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable
provision(s).

9. GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement. This Warrant shall not be interpreted or construed with any presumption
against the party causing this Warrant to be drafted.

10. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant shall
be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The
headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant.

11. REMEDIES. The remedies provided in this
Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant at law or in equity (including a decree
of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual and consequential
damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall
be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).

[Signature page follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

Janover,
Inc.

By: /s/
Joseph Onorati

Name:
Joseph
Onorati 

Title: CEO

[Signature Page to Warrant]

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED
BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

[__]

The undersigned holder hereby
elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant) of [__], a Delaware corporation (the Company),
as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1. Exercise Price. The
Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall be made with respect to _________________ Warrant Shares.

2. Payment of Exercise Price.
The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant.

3. Delivery of Warrant Shares.
The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Common Stock in accordance with
the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Issue
to: 

Date: _____________ __, 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID:____________________________

E-mail Address:_____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex10-1_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 4, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTORS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of April 6, 2025, is by and between Janover, Inc a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and each investor identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
the Investors and together with the Company, the Parties and each a Party).

RECITALS

A. The Company and each of
the Investors is executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act).

B. The Company has authorized
the issuance to each of the Investors of (i) convertible notes of the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Notes), which Note shall be convertible into shares of the Companys Common Stock, par value
$0.00001 per share (the Common Stock) (the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the Note, including,
without limitation, upon conversion or otherwise, collectively, the Conversion Shares), in accordance with the terms
of the Note, (ii) warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the
First Warrant), (iii) warrants to acquire shares of Common Stock, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
C (the Second Warrant and, together with the First Warrant, the Warrants) (the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, collectively, the Warrant Shares).

C. The Investors wish to purchase,
and the Company wishes to sell, at the Closing (as defined below), upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the Notes and
the Warrants.

D. The Notes, the Conversion
Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Investor, severally and not jointly hereby agree as follows:

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTE AND WARRANTS.

(a) Purchase of Notes and
Warrants. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below, the Company shall issue
and sell to each Investor, and each Investor, jointly and not severally, agrees to purchase from the Company on the Closing Date (as defined
below) (A) the Notes in the original principal amount as set forth on such Investors signature page hereto, (B) a First Warrant
to initially acquire up to that aggregate number of Warrant Shares underlying the First Warrant as set forth on such Investors
signature page hereto and (B) Second Warrant to initially acquire up to that aggregate number of Warrant Shares underlying the Second
Warrant as set forth on such Investors signature page hereto (the Closing).

(b) Closing Date. The
date and time of the Closing (the Closing Date) shall be 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first (1st) Business Day
on which the conditions to the Closing set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below are satisfied or waived (or such other date as is mutually
agreed to by the Company and each Investor). As used herein Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday
or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed.

1

(c) Form of Payment.
At the Closing, (i) each Investor, severally and not jointly, shall pay to the Company through the procedures communicated by the Company
the amount for the Notes and Warrants as set forth on such Investors signature page hereto (the Purchase Price),
and (ii) the Company shall deliver to each Investor (A) a Note in the aggregate original principal amount as set forth on such Investors
signature page hereto, (B) Warrants to initially acquire up to that aggregate number of Warrant Shares underlying Warrant 1 and Warrant
2, respectively, as set forth on such Investors signature page hereto.

(d) Currency Treatment.
In the event that the Purchase Price (or any portion thereof) is paid in any currency or property, including digital currencies, other
than U.S. dollars, the value of the Purchase Price shall, if it is necessary to determine an equivalent amount in U.S. dollars, be deemed
to be, at the Companys election (i) the U.S. dollar equivalent of such currency or property as of the date and time this Agreement
is executed by the Company as published on such Exchange or Exchanges as shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company, or
(ii) the U.S. dollar value, net of any Exchange fees or costs, actually received by the Company upon exchange of such currency or property
into U.S. dollars. For purposes of this Section 1(d), Exchange means any organization, association, or group of persons,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, which constitutes, maintains, or provides a marketplace or facilities for bringing together purchasers
and sellers of cryptocurrencies or digital assets.

2. INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Each Investor, severally and
not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

(a) Organization; Authority.
Such Investor is either an individual or an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization with the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (as defined below) to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

(b) No Public Sale or Distribution.
Each Investor (i) is acquiring its Note and Warrants, (ii) upon conversion of such Note will acquire the Conversion Shares issuable upon
conversion thereof, and (iii) upon exercise of the Warrants will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof, in each case,
for its own account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof in violation
of applicable securities laws, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the 1933 Act. Such Investor does not presently have
any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the Securities in violation of applicable
securities laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership,
a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any Governmental Entity or any department
or agency thereof.

(c) Reliance on Exemptions.
Each Investor understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration
requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of,
and each Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of such Investor
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Investor to acquire the Securities.

2

(d) Information. Each
Investor and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company
and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been requested by such Investor. Each Investor and its advisors,
if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations
conducted by such Investor or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect such Investors right to
rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained herein. Each Investor understands that its investment in the Securities
involves a high degree of risk. Each Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make
an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities.

(e) No Governmental Review.
Each Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or
made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(f) Transfer or Resale.
Each Investor understands that: (i) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities
laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) each Investor
shall have delivered to the Company (if requested by the Company) an opinion of counsel, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company,
to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from
such registration, or (C) each Investor provides the Company with reasonable assurance that such Securities can be sold, assigned or transferred
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, Rule 144); (ii)
any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144, and further, if Rule
144 is not applicable, any resale of the Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made)
may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the
1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) promulgated
thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the 1933 Act or
any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. The Securities may not be pledged in
connection with any loan or financing arrangement without the prior written consent of the Company.

(g) Validity; Enforcement.
This Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which each Investor is a party have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered
on behalf of each Investor and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of each Investor enforceable against each Investor
in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

3

(h) No Conflicts. The
execution, delivery and performance by each Investor of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which each Investor is a party
and the consummation by each Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational
documents of each Investor, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which each Investor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including federal and state securities laws) applicable to each Investor, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of each Investor to perform its obligations hereunder.

(i) Foreign Person.
If any Investor is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), each Investor hereby represents that it
has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the
Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities,
(ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained,
and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer
of the Securities. Such Investors subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Securities will not violate
any applicable securities or other laws of such Investors jurisdiction.

(j) Residence. The
office or offices of such Investor in which it has its principal place of business is identified in the address or addresses of such Investor
set forth on such Investors signature page or otherwise has been provided to the Company.

(k) No Other Representations
or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents and in Section 3 of this Agreement,
neither the Company, nor any Person on behalf of the Company, has made, and such Investor has not relied on, any other representation
and warranty, express or implied, relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries, the business of the Company or otherwise in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the results of operations or financial condition of the Company, including any representations
or warranties as to the future sales, revenue, profitability or success of the business, or any representations or warranties arising
from statute or otherwise, from a course of dealing or usage of trade.

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company represents and
warrants to each Investor that the following representations are true and correct as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. As
used herein, the phrase to the Companys knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge of any executive officer of the
Company as of such time of determination.

(a) Organization and Qualification.
Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their
business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified
as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). As used in this Agreement, Material Adverse
Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations (including results
thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary, individually or taken as a whole, (ii) the
transactions contemplated hereby or in any of the other Transaction Documents or any other agreements or instruments to be entered into
in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to perform any of their
respective obligations under any of the Transaction Documents (as defined below). Other than Groundbreaker Tech Inc. and Janover Insurance
Group Inc., the Company has no significant Subsidiaries. Subsidiaries means any Person in which the Company, directly
or indirectly, (I) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (II) controls or
operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and each of the foregoing, is individually referred
to herein as a Subsidiary.

4

(b) Authorization; Enforcement;
Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Note, and the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note as of the Closing and the issuance of the Warrants and the reservation for issuance and issuance
of the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants as of the Closing Date) have been duly authorized by the Companys
board of directors and (other than the filing of a notice of listing of additional shares with Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, and any filing(s)
required by applicable state blue sky securities laws, rules and regulations (together the Securities Filings))
no further filing, consent or authorization is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders. This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of
applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal
or state securities law and except as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other
equitable remedies. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, and each of
the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

(c) Issuance of Securities.
The issuance of the Note and the Warrants at the Closing are duly authorized and upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the Transaction
Documents shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims,
liens, pledges, charges, taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests and other encumbrances (collectively Liens)
with respect to the issuance thereof. Upon issuance or conversion in accordance with the Note or exercise in accordance with the Warrants
(as the case may be), the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares, respectively, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights or Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled
to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each Investor in
this Agreement, the offer and issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act.

(d) No Conflicts. The
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Note, the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and the
Warrant Shares and the reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of
the Companys certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation) (including, without limitation,
any certificate of designation contained therein), the Companys bylaws (the Bylaws and, together with the
Certificate of Incorporation, the Organizational Documents), or any capital stock or other securities of the Company,
(ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) in any respect
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, without
limitation, foreign, federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which
any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected.

(e) Consents. Assuming
the accuracy of the representations made by each Investor in Section 2, the Company is not required to obtain any consent from, authorization
or order of, or make any filing or registration with (other than the Securities Filings), any Governmental Entity (as defined below) or
any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations
under or contemplated by the Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. Governmental
Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political jurisdiction of any nature, federal,
state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental
agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal), multi-national organization or body; or body exercising,
or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any
nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled by a government or a public
international organization or any of the foregoing.

(f) No Integrated Offering.
None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made
any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require registration of
the issuance of any of the Securities under the 1933 Act, whether through integration with prior offerings or otherwise, or cause this
offering of the Securities to require approval of stockholders of the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act or under any applicable stockholder
approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which
any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated for quotation. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their affiliates nor
any Person acting on their behalf have taken any action or steps that would require registration of the issuance of any of the Securities
under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of any of the Securities to be integrated with other offerings of securities of the Company.

5

(g) Application of Takeover
Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render
inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including, without limitation,
any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or
could become applicable to any Investor as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
the Companys issuance of the Securities and any Investors ownership of the Securities. The Company and its board of directors
have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to
accumulations of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company.

(h) Material Liabilities;
Financial Information. The Company has no liabilities or obligations, absolute or contingent (individually or in the aggregate), except
obligations under contracts made in the ordinary course of business that as of the date of this Agreement would not be required to be
reflected in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States,
consistently applied for the periods covered thereby (GAAP). The Financial Statements (as defined below) fairly present
in all material respects the financial position of the Company at the respective dates thereof. The Company is not currently contemplating
to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, nor is the Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require
the Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, in each case, in order for any of the Financials Statements to be in
compliance with GAAP. The Company has not been informed by its independent accountants that they recommend that the Company amend or restate
any of the Financial Statements or that there is any need for the Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements.

(i) Financial Statements.
The Company has delivered to each Investor its audited financial statements (including balance sheet, income statement and statement of
cash flows) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the Financial Statements). The Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated, except that the unaudited Financial
Statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP. The Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition and operating results of the Company as of the dates, and for the periods, indicated therein, subject in the case of the unaudited
Financial Statements to normal year-end audit adjustments. The Company maintains and will continue to maintain a standard system of accounting
established and administered in accordance with GAAP.

(j) No Undisclosed Events,
Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. No event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably
expected to exist based on events or circumstances that have occurred on or prior to the date hereof with respect to the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, operations (including results thereof) or condition
(financial or otherwise), that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(k) Conduct of Business;
Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material violation of any term of or in default under its
Certificate of Incorporation, any certificate of designation, preferences or rights of any other outstanding series of preferred stock
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Bylaws or their organizational charter, certificate of formation, memorandum of association,
articles of association, or certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any of its indebtedness, respectively. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in violation of any of the foregoing,
except in all cases for possible violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations
or permits would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary
has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit. There
is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially
impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or the conduct of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted other than such effects, individually or in
the aggregate, which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

6

(l) Capitalization.

(i) As of the date
hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 1,428,464 shares were issued
and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock par value $0.00001 per share (Preferred
Stock), of which 10,000 shares were issued and outstanding, designated as Series A Preferred Stock, as of the date of this
Agreement. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (A) have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, (B) were offered, sold and issued in compliance with applicable securities laws, and (C) were not issued in breach or violation
of (1) the Organizational Documents or (2) any preemptive rights, purchase option, call option, right of first refusal or offer, subscription
right or any similar right. The Company has no shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock reserved for issuance, except that, as of the
date of this Agreement, there were 89,199 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock options,
36,875 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance underlying outstanding restrictive stock units, and 8,828 shares of Common Stock reserved
for issuance upon the exercise of any outstanding Public Warrants (as defined below).

(ii) As of the date
hereof, the Company has issued and outstanding 8,828 public warrants (the Public Warrants) entitling the holder thereof
to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price and pursuant to terms described in the Warrants, and subject to adjustments as
therein.

(m) Litigation. There
is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, other Governmental Entity,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Common Stock or any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries officers or directors, whether of
a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such. The Company is not aware of any fact which might result in or form
the basis for any such action, suit, arbitration, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is subject to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity.

(n) Off Balance Sheet Arrangements.
There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other
off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and is not so disclosed or that otherwise would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(o) No Additional Agreements.
The Company does not have any agreement or understanding with any Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents.

4. COVENANTS.

(a) Commercially Reasonable
Efforts. The Company and each Investor shall each use commercially reasonable efforts to timely satisfy each of the covenants hereunder
and conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in this Agreement.

(b) Books and Records.
The Company will keep proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions
and the asset and business of the Company in accordance with GAAP.

(c) Integration. The
Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for
sale, or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the 1933 Act) that will be
integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the 1933 Act of the sale of
the Securities to the Investor.

(d) Available Shares.
The Company shall at all times keep authorized and available for issuance, free of preemptive rights, the minimum number of shares of
Common Stock potentially issuable in the future at the conversion price and exercise prices in effect on such date pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, including any Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise in full of all Warrants or Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion in
full of all Notes at the conversion price and exercise prices, respectively, in effect on such date. If the Company determines at any
time that it does not have a sufficient number of authorized Common Stock to keep available for issuance as described in this Section
4, the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to increase the number of authorized Common Stock by seeking approval from
its stockholders for the authorization of such additional shares.

7

(e) Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall, within four (4) Trading Days following the date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K report or
other public disclosure disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and including this Agreement as an exhibit
thereto. Each Investor will promptly provide any information reasonably requested by the Company or any of its Affiliates for any regulatory
application or filing made or to be made or approval sought in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including
filings with the SEC).

(f) Conversion and Exercise
Procedures. Each of the form of Exercise Notice (as defined in the Warrants) included in the Warrants and the form of Conversion Notice
(as defined in the Note) included in the Note set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Investor in order to exercise the
Warrants or convert the Note. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and conversions of the Note and shall deliver the Conversion
Shares and Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Note and Warrants.

5. REGISTER; LEGENDS.

(a) Register. The Company
shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice to each
holder of Securities), a register for the Notes and the Warrants in which the Company shall record the name and address of the Person
in whose name the Notes and the Warrants have been issued (including the name and address of each transferee), the principal amount of
the Notes held by such Person, the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes and the number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by such Person.

(b) Legends. The Investor
understands that the Securities have been issued (or will be issued in the case of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares) pursuant
to an exemption from registration or qualification under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws, and except as set forth below,
the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive legend in substantially
the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such stock certificates):

[NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE] [EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN][THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN] REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY
THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR
ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

8

(c) Registration Rights.
Each of the Company, on the one hand, and each of the Investors, on the other hand, shall cooperate in good faith to enter into a registration
rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) within thirty (30) Business Days of the date of this Agreement
containing customary and reasonable terms. The Registration Rights Agreement shall (a) obligate the Company to file a resale registration
statement relating to the resale by each Investor of the Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares and any other shares of Common Stock held
by such Investor or any of its affiliates, and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the foregoing as a result of any stock
split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event (the Registrable Securities) within
thirty (30) Business Days of the date of such Registration Rights Agreement and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such
registration statement to be declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and as soon as possible and keep such registration
statement continuously effective until the date which is the earlier of (i) the date all Registrable Securities have been resold by each
Investor and (ii) the date all Registrable Securities become eligible for resale by such Investor under Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information
requirement under Rule 144, (b) provide such Investor with customary indemnification, indemnification procedures and related rights, and
(c) provide the Company with customary black-out rights for periods during which the Company shall reasonably determine that sales should
be suspended due to material non-public information or other legal considerations.

6. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATION TO SELL.

The obligation of the Company
hereunder to issue and sell the Notes and the Warrants to each Investor at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the
Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be
waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing each Investor with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The Investor, severally
and not jointly, shall have executed each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company.

(b) The Investor, severally
and not jointly, shall have delivered to the Company the Purchase Price for the Note and the Warrants being purchased by the Investor
at the Closing through procedures communicated by the Company.

(c) The representations and
warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though
originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct
as of such specific date), and the Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to the Closing
Date.

(d) No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity
of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

9

7. CONDITIONS TO EACH INVESTORS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.

The obligation of each Investor
hereunder to purchase the Note and the Warrants at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each
of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Investors sole benefit and may be waived by such Investor
at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The Company shall have
duly executed and delivered to such Investor each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the Company shall have duly
executed and delivered to the Investor (A) the Note in such original principal amount as set forth on such Investors signature
page hereto and (B) the Warrants (initially for such aggregate number of Warrant Shares as set forth on such Investors signature
page hereto), as being purchased by such Investor at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) The representations and
warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though
originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct
as of such specific date), and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity
of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

8. TERMINATION.

This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Closing by mutual written consent of the Company and the Investor. In the event that this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to this Section 8, then each of the Parties shall be relieved of its duties and obligations arising under this Agreement after
the date of such termination and such termination shall be without liability to the respective Parties; provided, that nothing in this
Section 8 shall relieve the Parties of any liability for fraud or a willful breach of this Agreement.

9. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Governing Law; Jurisdiction;
Jury Trial.

(i) This Agreement,
and any claims or proceedings arising out of this Agreement or the subject matter hereof (whether at law or equity, in contract or in
tort or otherwise), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict
of law principles thereof (or any other jurisdiction) to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction.

(ii) Each of the
Parties agrees that: (i) it shall bring any proceeding in connection with, arising out of or otherwise relating to this Agreement, any
agreement, certificate, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement exclusively in the courts of the State of Delaware
in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (and only if) such court finds it lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Superior
Court of the State of Delaware (Complex Commercial Division); provided that if subject matter jurisdiction over the Proceeding
is vested exclusively in the United States federal courts, then such Proceeding shall be heard in the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware (the Chosen Courts); and (ii) solely in connection with such proceedings, (A) it irrevocably
and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (B) it waives any objection to the laying of venue in
any proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (C) it waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction
over any Party, (D) mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such proceeding in the manner provided in Section 9(f) or
in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof and (E) it shall not assert as
a defense, any matter or claim waived by the foregoing clauses (A) through (D) of this Section 9(a) or that any order, writ, judgment,
temporary, preliminary or permanent injunction, decree, ruling, stipulation, determination, or award issued by the Chosen Courts may not
be enforced in or by the Chosen Courts.

10

(iii) EACH PARTY
ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY BE IN CONNECTION WITH, ARISE OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY
INSTRUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE
EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN CONNECTION WITH, ARISING OUT OF OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
ANY INSTRUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES (i) THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE OTHER PARTIES HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTIES WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) IT MAKES THIS WAIVER
VOLUNTARILY AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS,
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 9(a).

(b) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile transmission or by an e-mail which contains a portable document format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page,
such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed)
with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

(c) Headings; Gender.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.
Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular
and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall
be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder,
hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(d) Severability. If
any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be excessive in scope or otherwise invalid or unenforceable,
such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible, and the validity
and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

11

(e) Entire Agreement; Release.

(i) This Agreement
(including the exhibits and annexes) and the Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, understandings, and representations
and warranties, whether oral or written, with respect to such matters.

(ii) Each Party
acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Section 2 and Section 3, in the Transaction
Documents or in any agreement, certificate, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the Transaction Documents,
(i) no Party has made or is making any representations, warranties or inducements, (ii) no Party has relied on or is relying on any representations,
warranties, inducements, statements, materials or information (including as to the accuracy or completeness of any statements, materials
or information) and (iii) each Party hereby disclaims reliance on any representations, warranties, inducements, statements, materials
or information (whether oral or written, express or implied, or otherwise) or on the accuracy or completeness of any statements, materials
or information, in each case of clauses (i) through (iii), relating to or in connection with the negotiation, execution or delivery of
this Agreement or any Transaction Documents, the agreements, certificates, instruments or other documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement
or the Transaction Documents, or the Transactions. Each Party hereby releases, discharges, ceases and waives any and all claims, demands,
liabilities, obligations, debts, damages, losses, expenses, costs and proceedings (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in equity,
or granted by statute) relating to the making (or alleged making) of any representations, warranties or inducements, the disclosure or
making available of any statements, materials or information (or the accuracy or completeness thereof), or the reliance on (or alleged
reliance on) any representations, warranties, inducements, statements, materials or information (including the accuracy or completeness
of any statements, materials or information), except for such claims, demands, liabilities, obligations, debts, damages, losses, expenses,
costs and Proceedings arising from fraud with respect to the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Section 2 and Section
3, in the Transaction Documents or in any agreement, certificate, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or
the Transaction Documents

(f) Notices. Any notices,
consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will
be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided
that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party does not receive
an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to such recipient);
or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly
addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

6401 Congress Avenue, Suite 250

Boca Raton, Florida, 33487

Attention: Joseph Onorati

Email: joseph@defidevcorp.com

12

With a copy (for informational purposes
only) to:

Perkins Coie LLP

1201 Third Avenue, Suite 4900

Seattle, WA 98101

Attention: Allison Handy

E-Mail: Allison.Handy@perkinscoie.com

If to the Investor, to its mailing address and
e-mail address set forth on such Investors signature page hereto, with copies to the Investors representatives as set forth
on such Investors signature page hereto, or to such other mailing address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such
other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness
of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B)
mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided
by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier
service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(g) Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns, including any
purchasers of any of the Note.

(h) No Third Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

(i) Amendments and Modifications.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Investors which purchased at least majority in interest of the aggregate Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares issued or issuable pursuant to this Agreement (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Investor) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts an Investor (or group of Investors), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Investor (or such group of
Investors) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement
shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations
of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such
adversely affected Investor. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 9(i) shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company.

(j) Further Assurances.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k) Construction. The
headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of
the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual
intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly
by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any
provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

13

(l) Remedies. Each
of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the rights of each Party to consummate the Transactions are special, unique and of extraordinary
character and that if for any reason any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed or complied with in accordance with their
terms or are otherwise breached, immediate and irreparable harm or damage would be caused for which money damages would not be an adequate
remedy. Accordingly, each Party agrees that, in addition to any other available remedies a Party may have in equity or at law, each Party
shall be entitled to equitable remedies against another Party for its breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement or to obtain an injunction restraining any such breach or threatened breach of
the provisions of this Agreement in the Chosen Courts, in each case, (i) without necessity of posting a bond or other form of security
and (ii) without proving the inadequacy of money damages or another any remedy at law. In the event that a Party seeks equitable remedies
in any Proceeding (including to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement),
no Party shall raise any defense or objection, and each Party hereby waives any and all defenses and objections, to such equitable remedies
on grounds that (x) money damages would be adequate or there is another adequate remedy at law or (y) the Party seeking equitable remedies
must either post a bond or other form of security and prove the inadequacy of money damages or another any remedy at law.

(m) Expenses. Whether
or not the Closing occurs, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and performance
of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the Transactions, including all fees and expenses of its Representatives, shall be paid
by the Party incurring such expense.

[Signature page follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Agreement
as of the date first written above.

COMPANY: 

Janover, Inc

By: /s/
Joseph Onorati

Name: Joseph Onorati 

Title: CEO

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its respective authorized signatory as of the date first indicated above.

Funding Amount: $___________________________

Principal Amount of Note: $___________________________

Warrant Shares Underlying Warrant 1: ___________________________

Warrant Shares Underlying Warrant 2: ___________________________

Name of Investor: ___________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investor:
___________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: 
___________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________

Address for Notice to Investor:
___________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________

Address for Delivery of Securities to Investor (if
not same as address for notice):

EIN Number: ___________________________

Address for a mandatory copy to counsel for the Investor

(which shall not constitute notice):

Email: 

Attention: 

Signature Pages to Securities Purchase Agreement

Exhibit A

Form of Note

[Attached]

Exhibit B

Form of Warrant

[Attached]

Exhibit C

Form of Warrant

[Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex99-1_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTOR PRESENTATION DATED APRIL 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

DeFi Devel O pment C O rp O rati O n

F O rward - L OO king Statements Thi preentatin ntain tatement that may be nidered frward - lking tatement, uh a management expetatin regarding buine plan, nanial bjetive and prjetin, earning grwth, naning plan, and prpet. Frward - lking tatement are baed nly n ur urrent belief, expetatin and aumptin regarding the future f ur buine, future plan and trategie, antiipated event and trend, the enmy and ther future nditin. Atual reult may differ materially frm the indiated in the frward - lking tatement beaue the realizatin f the reult i ubjet t many unertaintie, inluding enmi nditin, utuatin in the market prie f SOL, the impat n ur buine f the regulatry envirnment and ther fatr, me f whih are deribed mre fully in the Cmpany' mt reent Annual Reprt n Frm 10 - K and the Current Reprt n Frm 8 - K led with the SEC n April [5], 2025. Frward - lking tatement ntained in thi preentatin are made a f the date f thi preentatin, and we undertake n duty t update uh infrmatin exept a required under appliable law. 2

DeFi Devel O pment C O rp O rati O n is the next ev O luti O n O f the MSTR m O del Chapter 1: MSTR and The Rie f Crypt Treaury Vehile Chapter 2: DFDV i The Upgraded Mdel Chapter 3: The Team and Hw We Make Mney 3

Chapter 1: MSTR and The Rise O f Crypt O Treasury Vehicles

Public - market treasury strategies are reshaping h O w crypt O gets accumulated 5

Since MSTR started buying BTC in July 2020. BTC i up ~955% MSTR tk i up ver 2,600% ver the ame perid 2.74x utperfrmane v. Bitin itelf. MSTR sh O wed the unique value pr O p O siti O n O f a crypt O currency treasury c O mpany 6

But MSTR is just versi O n O ne inefficiencies remain MSTRs core business is a drag on its valuation 7 Source: MSTRs 10 - K (Operating Loss is GAAP Operating Loss adjusted for Digital Asset Impairment Losses), Fidelity MSTR revenue delined 7% in 2024 Operating L f $63m in 2024 T he core does not help them buy more Bitcoin N ynergie between MSTR analyti buine and their treaury trategy Bitcoins volatility is in secular decline Over the lat tw year, Bitin ha been le vlatile than half f the Mag7

Chapter 2: DFDV is The Upgraded M O del

DFDV is a crypt O treasury c O mpany starting with S O lana Real - Time Transparency on SOL Accumulation Accretive Capital Raises Strategic Marketing Playbook High Volatility Higher Trading Volume

S O lana is 2x m O re v O latile than Bitc O in 30D realized volatility as of 03/15/25, annualized

and at 4% the market cap O f BTC, it has m O re upside and price reflexivity $59B Slana market ap $235B Stablein market ap $1.6T Bitin market ap $125B DeFi Ttal Value Lked (TVL) $1.2T Ttal DeFi Vlume lat quarter $10B Ttal Slana taking reward per year There is plenty O f liquidity t O depl O y signicant capital $3B Ttal Slana validatr return per year 11

Valuation Support Stablein trategy ffer unrrelated yield thrugh the yle N rik f margin all Technology & Crypto Expertise We plan t aquire high perfrmane validatr t take ur SOL Stake delegated t ur validatr frm third partie earn mre SOL Rik - managed DeFi trategie expeted t earn mre SOL Our validat O r business b OO sts SOL accumulati O n Financial Strategies We expet t engage in nvertible bnd ffering t fund SOL purhae Expeted minimal tax bill enable u t grw SOL tkpile fater SOL SOL More SOL Less Risk Cash Flow 12

ETFs are passive, fee - based wrappers that d O nt c O mp O und SOL/share Capital Deployment SOL Holdings Volatility Capture Fees Operational Control Future SOL ETFs DFDV Only trak SOL prie with n apital mpunding effet Subjet t utw N enhaned vlatility All ETF harge fee, erding return N ative management advantage Cnvertible and ATM enhane return Permanent SOL Aumulatin Expeted higher vl than SOL, enabling ptin, leverage, et. N management fee Optimize apital truture t aquire SOL at pprtune time Based on the Companys o n vie of the relative positioning of the various categories sho n. DFDV is not an exchange traded product (ETP) or an exchange - traded fund (ETF) registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, is not subject to the same rules and regulations as an ETP or an ETF and does not operate as an ETP or ETF. See Appendix for additional information

Chapter 3: The Team and H O w We Make M O ney

Our team has deep crypt O expertise 15 Solana Validator Operator with $125M f take, $3M ARR Kraken Engineering Diretr Frmer $2B AUM bond trader Funded Algo Crypto Fund Parker White, CFA COO & CIO Founder & CEO at CC - Chain Capital, an HFT Crypt Market Maker Frmer Chief Strategy Ocer at Kraken CEO at rt bitin exhange in Canada, CaVirtEx Joseph Onorati Chairman & CEO Frmer Strategy Diretr at Kraken Frmer Lead Analyst at $1B AUM hedge fund vering TMT equitie Crp Dev and Strategy at Snap Credit Rik and Invetment Banking at Morgan Stanley Dan Kang (DK) Head of IR PhD Statistician; reearher n rypt market fundamental Former AI/ML Engineer at Kraken; 10+ year experiene in TradFi, (Fin)Teh & Crypt Co - founder of Blockchain Research Center @ HU Berlin Blkhain Engineer n early tage Slana prjet Danial Saef, PhD De Degen Engineer

Backed by a b O ard that blends crypt O - native O perat O rs with public c O mpany veterans Chief Legal Ocer - Kraken Chief Legal Ocer - Blkhain.m Board - WalletCnnet Fundatin Partner - Cley Marco Santori Board Blake Janover Board William Caragol Board Zach Tai Board Founder & CEO - Janver Board - Sulpwer Aquiitin Crp Founder & CEO - B. Ellit Cmpanie Managing Director - Quidem LLC CFO, COO - Irn Hre CEO - PitiveID Crpratin Board - Wrkprt VP Strategy & Operations - Everlear Director of Strategy - Kraken Vice President - Cerberu Capital Co - Founder - Nimbl 16

S O lana H O dl Using LSTs an inreae APY up t 20% Solana generates urrently up t 10% APY denminated in SOL Borrow against SOL to lever returns further 17

Validat O r Service Slana validatr $3M/yr net prot per 500K SOL taked Optimized validatr 10 - 20% higher return* Our validatr 20 - 40% higher, after - fee return than Cinbae and Binane* Upcoming Solana ETF launches create opportunities for validator business growth 18 *Estimates, subject to change

DeFi Devel O pment C O rp O rati O n (DFDV): The bridge between TradFi and crypt O

Additi O nal Inf O rmati O n [DeFi Develpment Crpratin / Janver In.] i nt an exhange traded prdut (ETP) r an exhange - traded fund (ETF) regitered under the Invetment Cmpany At f 1940, a amended, i nt ubjet t the ame rule and regulatin a an ETP r an ETF, and de nt perate a an ETP r ETF. In partiular, unlike pt Slana ETP, we (i) d nt eek fr hare f ur mmn tk t trak the value f the underlying Slana we hld befre payment f expene and liabilitie, (ii) d nt benet frm variu exemptin and relief under the Seuritie Exhange At f 1934, a amended, inluding Regulatin M, and ther euritie law, whih enable pt Slana ETP t ntinuuly align the value f their hare t the prie f the underlying Slana they hld thrugh hare reatin and redemptin, (iii) are a Delaware rpratin rather than a tatutry trut, and d nt perate puruant t a trut agreement that wuld require u t purue ne r mre tated invetment bjetive, (iv) are ubjet t federal inme tax at the entity level and the ther rik fatr appliable t an perating buine, uh a ur, and (v) are nt required t prvide daily tranpareny a t ur Slana hlding r ur daily NAV. 20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex99-2_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED AS OF APRIL 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

New Janover Management Team Raises Approximately
$42 Million to Enhance U.S. Public Market Digital Asset Treasury Strategy

April 7, 2025 Janover, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNVR)
(the Company) announced today that it had raised approximately $42 million in an offering of convertible notes and warrants
from Pantera Capital, Kraken, Arrington Capital, Protagonist, The Norstar Group, Third Party Ventures, Trammell Venture Partners, and
11 angel investors. The notes were sold in a private offering under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

The aggregate principal amount of the convertible
notes sold in the offering was approximately $42 million, which are convertible into the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001
per share (Common Stock). The convertible notes accrue interest at a rate of 2.5% per year, paid in cash quarterly in arrears,
and mature on April 6, 2030. The convertible notes are convertible at any time prior to the maturity date, conditioned on the requirement
that the Companys market capitalization equaled or exceeded $100 million on the day prior to the conversion date. The conversion
price will be set on the date that the Companys market capitalization first equals or exceeds $100 million to equal the last reported
sale price of the Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market, subject to a minimum conversion price of $4.81. For each $1,000 in principal
amount of convertible notes purchased, warrants were issued to purchase (1) approximately 8.333 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $120 per share and (2) approximately 6.666 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $150 per share. The conversion price
and exercise price, respectively, are subject to customary anti-dilution and dividend protections.

The proceeds from the offering are expected to
accelerate efforts by the Company to acquire digital assets, starting with the Solana ecosystem through the US public markets.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes, warrants or any other securities, nor shall there be any sale of the notes or
warrants in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

About Janover Inc.

Janover Inc. (Nasdaq: JNVR) is an AI-powered online
platform that connects the commercial real estate industry by providing data and software subscriptions as well as value-add services
to multifamily and commercial property professionals as we connect the increasingly complex ecosystem that stakeholders have to manage.

We currently serve more than one million web
users annually, including multifamily and commercial property owners and developers applying for billions of dollars of debt financing
per year, professional service providers, and thousands of multifamily and commercial property lenders including more than 10% of the
banks in America, credit unions, real estate investment trusts (REITs), debt funds, Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac multifamily lenders, FHA multifamily lenders, commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) lenders,
Small Business Administration (SBA) lenders, and more. Our data and software offerings are generally offered on a subscription
basis as software as a service (SaaS).

About DeFi Development Corporation

The Company has adopted a treasury policy under
which the principal holding in its treasury reserve on the balance sheet will be allocated to crypto assets, starting with Solana (SOL).
In adopting its new treasury policy, the Company intends to provide investors a way to access the Solana ecosystem. The Companys
treasury policy is expected to provide investors economic exposure to SOL investment.

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, believe, project,
estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may,, should,
will and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future
performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future
plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements
relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and
many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among
others, the following: (i) fluctuations in the market price of SOL and any associated impairment charges that the Company may incur as
a result of a decrease in the market price of SOL below the value at which the Companys SOL are carried on its balance sheet; (ii)
the effect of and uncertainties related the ongoing volatility in interest rates; (iii) our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
in the future; (iv) the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment
including changes in securities laws or other laws or regulations; (v) changes in the accounting treatment relating to the Companys
SOL holdings; (vi) our ability to respond to general economic conditions; (vii) our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations
regarding the development and expansion of our business; (viii) our ability to access sources of capital, including debt financing and
other sources of capital to finance operations and growth and (ix) other risks and uncertainties more fully in the section captioned Risk
Factors in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports we file with the SEC. As a result of these matters,
changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, the Companys actual results may differ materially from the expected
results discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and the Company undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.

Media Contact:

Prosek Partners

pro-DDC@prosek.com

Investor Contact:

ir@defidevcorp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023732201ex99-3_janover.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED AS OF APRIL 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Crypto Industry Leaders Acquire Majority Ownership
of Janover Inc.

New Leadership Eyes Solana Treasury Strategy

April 7, 2025 An all-former-Kraken team
dedicated to bridging the liquidity gap between Traditional Finance (TradFi) and Decentralized Finance (DeFi) has acquired majority ownership
in Janover Inc. (NASDAQ: JNVR) (Janover or the Company).

The Board of Directors appointed Joseph Onorati
as Chairman and CEO of the Company, and Parker White as Chief Investment Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Janover Founder Blake Janover
and Director and Audit Committee Chair William Caragol will remain on the board. Marco Santori, former Chief Legal Officer of Kraken,
will join the board. Joseph Onorati and Parker White are part of the control group that acquired 728,632 shares of common stock and all
10,000 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock of Janover.

The Board has adopted a treasury policy under
which the principal holding in its treasury reserve on the balance sheet will be allocated to digital assets, starting with Solana (SOL).
The Company will explore acquiring Solana validators and aims to acquire and stake SOL through them. The validator business seeks to acquire
outside stake and use the corresponding revenue to acquire more SOL.

Validators are blockchain nodes on the network
with core functions including validating transactions and maintaining network consensus. To operate a validator on Solana, one must commit
or stake a certain amount of SOL. In return, validator operators are rewarded with more SOL tokens. Staking on Solana is
a multi-billion dollar business.

Janover will continue operating its core business,
which continues its transition to a SaaS business model. Blake Janover and Bruce Rosenbloom (CFO) will remain involved in daily operations
of the business to ensure the company retains their rich expertise and maintains the same level of service.

After building in the crypto industry for
more than a decade, we are at a tipping point in mass DeFi adoption. Were proud to be the first to introduce a digital asset treasury
strategy in the US public markets initially focused on Solana, said Joseph Onorati, CEO. Weve brought together an
exceptional team with deep digital assets and public market expertise to make it happen.

Their team is exceptional, said Blake
Janover, Director and former CEO. Im so excited for the value I believe this can drive to shareholders and the future growth
of this business. Ive spent a great deal of time learning the ins and outs of the DeFi ecosystem and find myself incredibly aligned
with the vision of the incoming leadership. The Janover SaaS business continues to grow and with fresh resources, the future never looked
brighter.

Onorati and White bring deep expertise in the
digital asset space including experience in trading, staking, engineering, and operations.

Along with most recently serving as the Chief
Strategy Officer at Kraken Digital Asset Exchange, Onorati was the Founder & CEO at an HFT crypto market maker and the interim CEO
at CaVirtEx, the first Bitcoin exchange in Canada until he sold it to Coinsetter, which was later acquired by Kraken. White, a former
Engineering Director at Kraken Digital Asset Exchange, currently runs a Solana validator with $75M in delegated stake and previously managed
a $2 billion bond portfolio at an institutional investment firm.

As part of this transaction, the Company will
undergo a name and ticker symbol change at a future date. The new name will be DeFi Development Corporation.

About Janover Inc.

Janover Inc. (Nasdaq: JNVR) is an AI-powered online
platform that connects the commercial real estate industry by providing data and software subscriptions as well as value-add services
to multifamily and commercial property professionals as we connect the increasingly complex ecosystem that stakeholders have to manage.

We currently serve more than one million web users
annually, including multifamily and commercial property owners and developers applying for billions of dollars of debt financing per year,
professional service providers, and thousands of multifamily and commercial property lenders including more than 10% of the banks in America,
credit unions, real estate investment trusts (REITs), debt funds, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac multifamily lenders,
FHA multifamily lenders, commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) lenders, Small Business Administration (SBA)
lenders, and more. Our data and software offerings are generally offered on a subscription basis as software as a service (SaaS).

About DeFi Development Corporation

In adopting its new treasury policy, the Company
intends to provide investors a way to access the Solana ecosystem. The Companys treasury policy is expected to provide investors
economic exposure to SOL investment.

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, believe, project,
estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may,, should,
will and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future
performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future
plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements
relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and
many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among
others, the following: (i) fluctuations in the market price of SOL and any associated impairment charges that the Company may incur as
a result of a decrease in the market price of SOL below the value at which the Companys SOL are carried on its balance sheet; (ii)
the effect of and uncertainties related the ongoing volatility in interest rates; (iii) our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
in the future; (iv) the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment
including changes in securities laws or other laws or regulations; (v) changes in the accounting treatment relating to the Companys
SOL holdings; (vi) our ability to respond to general economic conditions; (vii) our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations
regarding the development and expansion of our business; (viii) our ability to access sources of capital, including debt financing and
other sources of capital to finance operations and growth and (ix) other risks and uncertainties more fully in the section captioned Risk
Factors in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports we file with the SEC. As a result of these matters,
changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, the Companys actual results may differ materially from the expected
results discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
are made as of this date, and the Company undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.

Media Contact:

Prosek Partners

pro-DDC@prosek.com

Investor Contact:

ir@defidevcorp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-1_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-1_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-1_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-1_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-1_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-1_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-1_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-1_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-1_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-1_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-1_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-1_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-1_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-1_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-1_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-1_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-1_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>jnvr-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41748

Entity Registrant Name JANOVER INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001805526

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2676794

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6401 Congress Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, City or Town Boca Raton

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33487

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 559-4111

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol JNVR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://janover.co/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0237322-8k_janover.htm 
jnvr-20250404.xsd 
jnvr-20250404_lab.xml 
jnvr-20250404_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-029172-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ea0237322-8k_janover_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001805526 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001805526 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
JANOVER INC. 
DE 
001-41748 
83-2676794 
6401 Congress Avenue 
Suite 250 
Boca Raton 
FL 
33487 
561 
559-4111 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
JNVR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>