<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-012475.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-012475.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421141212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-012475
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001016504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				222407475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31668
		FILM NUMBER:		25852358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 LONG AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 15
		CITY:			HILLSIDE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9739260816

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 LONG AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 15
		CITY:			HILLSIDE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTEGRATED HEALTH TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020912

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHEM INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960716
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>inbp20250417c_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?HTML Editor

false000101650400010165042025-04-152025-04-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

_________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED):

April 15, 2025 

________________

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

Delaware

(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION)

001-31668 

22-2407475

(COMMISSION FILE NUMBER) 

(I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)

225 Long Avenue

Hillside, New Jersey07205

(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)

(973) 926-0816

(REGISTRANTS TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

None 

None 

None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

On April 15, 2025, Integrated BioPharma, Inc. (the "Company") and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. ("MDC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the "Borrower"), entered into a Loan Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with PNC Bank, National Association (the "Bank"). The Loan Agreement provides a committed revolving line of credit under which the Borrower may request and the Bank will make advances to the Borrower from time to time until April 5, 2026, (the "Expiration Date"), in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed $4,000,000.00 (the "Line of Credit") and a Convertible Equipment Line of Credit in an amount in the aggregate at any time outstanding not to exceed $500,000.00 (the "Convertible ELOC"). Advances under the Convertible ELOC will be used for the purchase of equipment and/or vehicles. 

The Line of Credit bears interest at a rate per annum which is equal to the sum of (A) Daily one-month SOFR plus (B) 250 basis points (2.50%). Accrued interest will be due and payable on the same day of each month, beginning with the payment due on May 15, 2025. The outstanding principal balance and any accrued but unpaid interest shall be due and payable on the Expiration Date.

Prior to any Conversion Date, amounts outstanding under the Convertible ELOC will bear interest at a rate per annum (the Daily Rate) equal to the sum of (i) Daily one-month SOFR plus (ii) 250 basis points (2.50%) and from and after the Conversion Date, amounts outstanding under this Convertible ELOC will bear interest for the remaining term at either: (i) a rate per annum equal to the Daily Rate; or (ii) a fixed rate of interest per annum as offered to the Borrower by the Bank in its sole discretion and agreed upon in writing between the Borrower and the Bank.

The Borrower also entered into a Reimbursement Agreement for Standby and Commercial Letter(s) of Credit whereby, from time to time, the Borrower may request the issuance of one or more letters of credit (each a "Credit"). The Credit bears interest at the same rate as the Line of Credit under the Loan Agreement as described above.

In addition, in connection with the Loan Agreement, the Company and MDC (collectively, the "Grantors") each entered into a Security Agreement with the Bank, pursuant to which each of the Grantors assigned and granted to the Bank, as secured party, a continuing lien on and security interest in all right, title and interest of such Grantor in, to, and under all of the assets of such Grantor.

Item 1.02TERMINATION OF A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

Concurrent with entering into the Loan Agreement described in Item 1.01, the Company, MDC, Agrolabs, Inc., IHT Health Products, Inc., IHT Properties Corp. and Vitamin Factory, Inc. (collectively, the "Prior Borrowers) paid off in full the outstanding amount owing under the existing Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement (the "Prior Agreement) with PNC Bank, National Association as agent and lender ("PNC Bank) and terminated the Prior Agreement. The Prior Borrowers paid PNC Bank $7,864.51 as the payoff amount that was owing under the Prior Agreement as of April 15, 2025.

ITEM 2.03CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9.01.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(d) Exhibits.

10.1 Loan Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 between Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.2 Promissory Note - Line of Credit dated April 15, 2025 by and among Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.3 Promissory Note - Convertible Line of Credit dated April 15, 2025 by and among Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.4 Security Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 by and between Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.5 Security Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 by and between Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.6 Reimbursement Agreement for Standby and Commercial Letter(s) of Credit dated as of April 15, 2025 by and among Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association and any Bank Affiliate

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-1-

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 Loan Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 between Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.2 Promissory Note - Line of Credit dated April 15, 2025 by and among Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.3 Promissory Note - Convertible Line of Credit dated April 15, 2025 by and among Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.4 Security Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 by and between Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.5 Security Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 by and between Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association

10.6 Reimbursement Agreement for Standby and Commercial Letter(s) of Credit dated as of April 15, 2025 by and among Integrated BioPharma, Inc. and Manhattan Drug Company, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association and any Bank Affiliate

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-2-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

Date: April 21, 2025 

By: /s/ Dina L Masi

Dina L Masi

Chief Financial Officer

-3-

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_803849.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 LOAN AGREEMENT AS OF APRIL 15, 2025 BETWEEN INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. AND MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
ex_803849.htm

Exhibit 10.1

Loan Agreement 

THIS LOAN AGREEMENT (the Agreement), is entered into as of April 9, 2025, between INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC., a Delaware corporation, with an address at 225 LONG AVENUE, SUITE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356, and MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC., a New Jersey corporation, with an address at 225 LONG AVENUE, SUITE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 (individually and collectively, the Borrower), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank), with an address at 150 Clove Rd, Little Falls, NJ 07424-2138.

The Borrower and the Bank, with the intent to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1.Loan. The Bank has made or may make one or more loans (Loan) to the Borrower subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement. Each Loan shall be used for business purposes (and not for personal, family or household use) and is or will be evidenced by a promissory note or notes of the Borrower and all renewals, extensions, amendments and restatements thereof (whether one or more, collectively, the Note) acceptable to the Bank, which shall set forth the interest rate, repayment and other provisions of the respective Loan, the terms of which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference.

The Loans governed by this Agreement shall include the Loans specifically described below, if any, and any additional lines of credit or term loans that the Bank has made or may, in its sole discretion, make to the Borrower in the future.

1.1. Line of Credit. One of the Loans governed by this Agreement is a committed revolving line of credit under which the Borrower may request and the Bank, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will make advances to the Borrower from time to time until the Expiration Date, in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed $4,000,000.00 (the Line of Credit). The Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in the note evidencing the Line of Credit. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that in no event will the Bank be under any obligation to extend or renew the Line of Credit beyond the Expiration Date. In no event shall the aggregate unpaid principal amount of advances under the Line of Credit exceed the maximum amount of the Line of Credit. All advances and other credit extensions under the Line of Credit will be used for working capital or other general business purposes of the Borrower.

1.1.1. The Borrower may request that the Bank, in lieu of cash advances, issue letters of credit (each individually a Letter of Credit and collectively, the Letters of Credit) under the Line of Credit (including all bankers acceptances issued up to 180 days under the terms of any trade Letter of Credit) with an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed $1,000,000.00; provided, however, that after giving effect to the amount of such Letter of Credit, the sum of the aggregate outstanding advances under the Line of Credit and the aggregate amount of all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding shall not exceed the maximum amount of the Line of Credit. The amount available under the Line of Credit shall be reduced by the amount of each Letter of Credit (whether drawn or undrawn, but without duplicating any drawing amount that has been paid and is treated as an advance under the Line of Credit). For purposes of this Agreement, the amount of any Letter of Credit is its maximum amount and includes any available increases in or reinstatements of the amounts available to be drawn under the terms of such Letter of Credit, whether or not any such increase or reinstatement has become effective, including any increase that could result from any tolerance set forth in a commercial Letter of Credit.

1

The Letters of Credit shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement and by a reimbursement agreement, in form and content satisfactory to the Bank, executed by the Borrower in favor of the Bank (the Reimbursement Agreement). Unless otherwise consented to by the Bank in writing, each Letter of Credit shall have an expiry date which is not later than twelve (12) months following the Expiration Date (the Final LC Expiration Date). Each request for a Letter of Credit must be accompanied by an application in a form approved by the Bank and executed by the Borrower, together with all supporting documentation. Each Letter of Credit will be issued in the Banks sole discretion and in a form acceptable to the Bank. This Agreement and the other Loan documents do not obligate the Bank or any other person to issue, amend, extend, refrain from terminating, or take or omit any other action as to any Letter of Credit, unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by the Bank. Each unreimbursed payment by the Bank under a Letter of Credit shall constitute an advance of principal under the Line of Credit and shall be evidenced by the applicable note; provided, however, that to the extent that such advances are not available or are legally prohibited at such time, the Borrower shall reimburse the Bank in accordance with the Reimbursement Agreement and applicable law.

The Borrower shall pay the Banks standard fees and charges, including but not limited to an issuance fee, with respect to each Letter of Credit from time to time as shall be required by the Bank.

On the Expiration Date, in addition to any other amounts payable to the Bank, the Borrower shall deliver to the Bank in immediately available funds an amount equal to 105% of the aggregate outstanding amount of any and all Letters of Credit. The Borrower hereby pledges and grants to the Bank a security interest in all such funds as security for the Obligations, acknowledges that the Bank shall at all times have control of such funds and shall be authorized to dispose or give disposition instructions or entitlement orders (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) with respect to such funds, without further consent of the Borrower or any other person, and shall promptly to do all further things that the Bank may deem necessary in order to grant and perfect the Banks security interest therein.

1.2. Convertible Equipment Line of Credit. One of the Loans governed by this Agreement is a non-revolving convertible equipment line of credit under which the Borrower may request and the Bank, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will make advances (each, an Advance and collectively, the Advances) to the Borrower from time to time until the Conversion Date, as defined in the applicable note evidencing such convertible equipment line of credit, in an amount in the aggregate at any time outstanding not to exceed $500,000.00 (the Convertible ELOC). Advances under the Convertible ELOC will be used for the purchase of equipment and/or vehicles. Upon the Borrower's request and the Banks approval to finance the purchase of equipment with an Advance, then on the date of such Advance, the available amount under the Convertible ELOC shall be reduced by an amount equal to the principal amount of such Advance without the need for any further action or documentation. Prior to or at the time of each Advance, if required by the Bank, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Bank a Security Agreement, in form and content acceptable to the Bank, granting the Bank a first priority security interest in the equipment/vehicle being purchased and shall do, obtain, make, execute and deliver all such additional and further acts, things, deeds, assurances and instruments as the Bank may require to vest in and assure the Bank of its rights to the equipment and/or vehicles, and the proceeds thereof. The Borrower may elect to convert any Advance or multiple Advances to one or more separate equipment term loans (each individually, an Equipment Loan and collectively, the Equipment Loans) at any time between the date such Advance (or Advances) is disbursed and the Conversion Date, by providing notice to the Bank of such election and executing any documentation required by the Bank. The obligation of the Borrower to repay each Equipment Loan shall be evidenced by a separate promissory note in form and content satisfactory to the Bank (each an Equipment Loan Note and collectively, the Equipment Loan Notes) and, effective as of the date of each such Equipment Loan Note, the outstanding amount under the Convertible ELOC shall be reduced by an amount equal to the face amount of such Equipment Loan Note. Each Equipment Loan shall have a maximum term not to exceed five (5) years and shall bear interest at a floating or fixed rate as offered to the Borrower by the Bank in its sole discretion at the time the Advance is converted to an Equipment Loan.

2.Security. The security for repayment of the Loan shall include but not be limited to the collateral, guaranties and other documents heretofore, contemporaneously or hereafter executed and delivered to the Bank (the Security Documents), which shall secure repayment of the Loan and all other loans, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing by the Borrower to the Bank described therein (hereinafter referred to collectively as the Obligations).

2

This Agreement, the Note, the Security Documents and all other agreements and documents executed and/or delivered pursuant or subject hereto, as each may be amended, modified, extended or renewed from time to time, are collectively referred to as the Loan Documents. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Documents.

3.Representations and Warranties. The Borrower hereby makes the following representations and warranties, which shall be continuing in nature and remain in full force and effect until the Obligations are paid in full, and which shall be true and correct except as otherwise set forth on the Addendum attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference (the Addendum):

3.1.Existence, Power and Authority. If not a natural person, the Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of its incorporation or organization and has the power and authority to own and operate its assets and to conduct its business as now or proposed to be carried on, and is duly qualified, licensed and in good standing to do business in all jurisdictions where its ownership of property or the nature of its business requires such qualification or licensing. The Borrower is duly authorized to execute and deliver the Loan Documents, all necessary action to authorize the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents has been properly taken, and the Borrower is and will continue to be duly authorized to borrow under this Agreement and to perform all of the other terms and provisions of the Loan Documents.

3.2.Financial Statements. The Borrower has delivered or caused to be delivered to the Bank its most recent Financial Statements (as defined herein). The Financial Statements are true, complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present the Borrowers financial condition, assets and liabilities, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and the results of the Borrowers operations for the period specified therein. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards. As used herein, Applicable Accounting Standards shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time (GAAP), consistently applied from period to period, subject in the case of interim statements to normal year-end adjustments and to any comments and notes acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion; and Financial Statements shall mean (i) with respect to an entity that is not a natural person, consolidated and, if required by the Bank in its sole discretion, consolidating balance sheets and statements of income and cash flows for the year, month or quarter together with year-to-date figures and comparative figures for the corresponding periods of the prior year, prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards, consistently applied from period to period; and (ii) with respect to natural persons, means personal financial statements and federal income tax returns.

3.3.No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the most recent Financial Statements, the Borrower has not suffered any damage, destruction or loss, and no event or condition has occurred or exists, which has resulted or could result in a material adverse change in its business, assets, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operation.

3.4.Binding Obligations. The Borrower has full power and authority to enter into the transactions provided for in this Agreement and has been duly authorized to do so by appropriate action of its Board of Directors if the Borrower is a corporation, its members and/or managers, as applicable, if the Borrower is a limited liability company, all its general partners if the Borrower is a partnership or otherwise as may be required by law, charter, other organizational documents or agreements; and the Loan Documents, when executed and delivered by the Borrower, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable in accordance with their terms.

3

3.5.No Defaults or Violations. There does not exist any Default or Event of Default, as hereinafter defined, under this Agreement, or any default or violation by the Borrower of or under any of the terms, conditions or obligations of: (i) its partnership agreement if the Borrower is a partnership, its articles or certificate of incorporation, regulations and bylaws if the Borrower is a corporation, its articles or certificate of organization and operating agreement if the Borrower is a limited liability company, or its other organizational documents as applicable; (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, franchise, permit, contract, agreement, or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) any law, ordinance, regulation, ruling, order, injunction, decree, condition or other requirement applicable to or imposed upon it by any law, the action of any court or any governmental authority or agency; and the consummation of this Agreement and the transactions set forth herein will not result in any such Default, Event of Default or violation.

3.6.Title to Assets. The Borrower has good and marketable title to the assets reflected on the most recent Financial Statements, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except for (i) liens in favor of the Bank or any of its affiliates; (ii) current taxes and assessments not yet due and payable; (iii) assets disposed of by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business since the date of the most recent Financial Statements; and (iv) those liens or encumbrances, if any, specified on the Addendum.

3.7.Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower, which could result in a material adverse change in its business, assets, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations and there is no basis known to the Borrower for any action, suit, proceeding or investigation which could result in such a material adverse change. All pending and threatened litigation against the Borrower is listed on the Addendum attached hereto.

3.8.Tax Returns. The Borrower has filed all returns and reports that are required to be filed by it in connection with any federal, state or local tax, duty or charge levied, assessed or imposed upon it or its property or withheld by it, including income, unemployment, social security and similar taxes, and all of such taxes have been either paid or adequate reserves or other provision has been made therefor.

3.9.Employee Benefit Plans. Each employee benefit plan as to which the Borrower may have any liability complies in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended from time to time, ERISA), including minimum funding requirements, and (i) no Prohibited Transaction (as defined under ERISA) has occurred with respect to any such plan; (ii) no Reportable Event (as defined under Section 4043 of ERISA) has occurred with respect to any such plan which would cause the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to institute proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA; (iii) the Borrower has not withdrawn from any such plan or initiated steps to do so; and (iv) no steps have been taken to terminate any such plan.

3.10. Environmental Matters. The Borrower is in compliance, in all material respects, with all Environmental Laws (as hereinafter defined), including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws in jurisdictions in which the Borrower owns or operates, or has owned or operated, a facility or site, stores collateral, arranges or has arranged for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances, solid waste or other waste, accepts or has accepted for transport any hazardous substances, solid waste or other wastes or holds or has held any interest in real property or otherwise. Except as otherwise disclosed on the Addendum, no litigation or proceeding arising under, relating to or in connection with any Environmental Law is pending or, to the best of the Borrowers knowledge, threatened against the Borrower, any real property in which the Borrower holds or has held an interest or any past or present operation of the Borrower. No release, threatened release or disposal of hazardous waste, solid waste or other wastes is occurring, or to the best of the Borrowers knowledge has occurred, on, under or to any real property in which the Borrower holds or has held any interest or performs or has performed any of its operations, in violation of any Environmental Law. As used in this Section, litigation or proceeding means any demand, claim notice, suit, suit in equity, action, administrative action, investigation or inquiry whether brought by a governmental authority or other person, and Environmental Laws means all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, orders, awards and standards promulgated by any governmental authority concerning health, safety and protection of, or regulation of the discharge of substances into, the environment.

4

3.11.Intellectual Property. The Borrower owns or is licensed to use all patents, patent rights, trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, intellectual property, technology, know-how and processes necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted that are material to the condition (financial or otherwise), business or operations of the Borrower.

3.12. Regulatory Matters. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used for purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time in effect or for any purpose which violates the provisions of the Regulations of such Board of Governors.

3.13.Solvency. As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, (i) the aggregate value of the Borrowers assets will exceed its liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities); (ii) the Borrower will have sufficient cash flow to enable it to pay its debts as they become due; and (iii) the Borrower will not have unreasonably small capital for the business in which it is engaged.

3.14. Disclosure. None of the Loan Documents contains or will contain any untrue statement of material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained in this Agreement or the Loan Documents not misleading. There is no fact known to the Borrower which materially adversely affects or, so far as the Borrower can now foresee, might materially adversely affect the business, assets, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operation of the Borrower and which has not otherwise been fully set forth in this Agreement or in the Loan Documents.

3.15. Beneficial Owners. If the Borrower is or was required to execute and deliver to the Bank a Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) (individually and collectively, as updated from time to time, the Certification of Beneficial Owners), the information in the Certification of Beneficial Owners, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is true, complete and correct as of the date thereof, as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered to the Bank. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Certification of Beneficial Owners is a Loan Document.

3.16. Anti-Corruption Laws and International Trade Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws; Certain Definitions. Each Covered Entity, and its directors and officers, and each employee, agent or (to its knowledge) affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity: (a) is not a Sanctioned Person; (b) does not do any business in or with, or derive any of its operating income from direct or indirect investments in or transactions involving, any Sanctioned Jurisdiction or Sanctioned Person; and (c) is not in violation of, and has not, during the past five (5) years, directly or indirectly, taken any act that could cause any Covered Entity to be in violation of, applicable International Trade Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws.

No Covered Entity nor any of its directors, officers, employees, or to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agents or affiliates acting on behalf of any Covered Entity has, during the past five (5) years, received any notice or communication from any Person that alleges, or been involved in an internal investigation involving any allegations relating to, potential violation of any International Trade Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws, or received a request for information from any Official Body regarding International Trade Law matters or Anti-Corruption Law matters. There is no Blocked Property pledged as Collateral.

As used herein:

Anti-Corruption Laws means (a) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, (b) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as amended, and (c) any other applicable Law relating to anti-bribery or anti-corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party is located or doing business.

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means (a) the Bank Secrecy Act and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001; (b) the U.K. Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the Money Laundering Regulations 2017, as amended and the Terrorist Asset-Freezing etc. Act 2010; and (c) any other applicable Law relating to anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party is located or doing business.

5

Blocked Property means any property (a) owned, directly or indirectly, by a Sanctioned Person; (b) due to or from a Sanctioned Person; (c) in which a Sanctioned Person otherwise holds any interest; (d) located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; or (e) that otherwise could cause any actual or possible violation by the Bank of any applicable International Trade Law if the Bank were to obtain an encumbrance on, lien on, pledge of, or security interest in such property, or provide services in consideration of such property.

Collateral means any collateral securing any debt, liabilities, or other obligations of any Loan Party to the Bank.

Compliance Authority means (a) the United States government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and its Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency; (b) the government of Canada or any agency thereof; (c) the European Union or any agency thereof; (d) the government of the United Kingdom or any agency thereof; (e) the United Nations Security Council; and (f) any other Official Body with jurisdiction to administer Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or International Trade Laws with respect to the conduct of a Covered Entity.

Covered Entity means (a) the Borrower and each of the Borrowers subsidiaries; (b) each Guarantor and any pledgor of Collateral; and (c) each Person that directly or indirectly controls a Person described in clause (a) or (b) above.

International Trade Laws means all Laws relating to economic and financial sanctions, trade embargoes, export controls, customs, and anti-boycott measures.

Law means any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award, or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, of any Official Body, foreign or domestic.

Loan Parties means the Borrower and any Guarantors.

Official Body means the government of the United States of America or of any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing).

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Official Body, or other entity.

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country, area, territory, or jurisdiction that is the subject or target of comprehensive U.S. sanctions.

Sanctioned Person means any Person (a) located in, organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (b) identified on any sanctions-related list maintained by any Compliance Authority; or (c) owned 50% or more, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly by, controlled by, or acting for, on behalf of, or at the direction of, one or more Persons described in clauses (a) or (b) above.

6

4.Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower agrees that from the date of execution of this Agreement until all Obligations have been paid in full and any commitments of the Bank to the Borrower have been terminated, the Borrower will:

4.1.Books and Records. Maintain books and records in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards and give representatives of the Bank access thereto at all reasonable times, including permission to examine, copy and make abstracts from any of such books and records and such other information as the Bank may from time to time reasonably request, and the Borrower will make available to the Bank for examination copies of any reports, statements and returns which the Borrower may make to or file with any federal, state or local governmental department, bureau or agency.

4.2.Financial Reporting. Deliver or cause to be delivered to the Bank (i) the Financial Statements, reports and certifications, if any, set forth on the Addendum and (ii) such other information about Borrowers or Guarantors financial condition, properties and operations as and when requested by the Bank, from time to time. As used herein, Guarantor shall collectively refer to each Entity Guarantor and Individual Guarantor of the Obligations, jointly and severally; Entity Guarantor shall mean each Guarantor who is not a natural person; and Individual Guarantor shall mean each Guarantor who is a natural person.

4.3.Payment of Taxes and Other Charges. Pay and discharge when due all indebtedness and all taxes, assessments, charges, levies and other liabilities imposed upon the Borrower, its income, profits, property or business, except those which currently are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower shall have set aside adequate reserves or made other adequate provision with respect thereto acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion.

4.4.Maintenance of Existence, Operation and Assets. Do all things necessary to (i) maintain, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and all rights, permits and franchises necessary to enable it to continue its business as currently conducted; (ii) continue in operation in substantially the same manner as at present; (iii) keep its properties in good operating condition and repair; and (iv) make all necessary and proper repairs, renewals, replacements, additions and improvements thereto.

4.5.Insurance. Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to its property and business against such casualties and contingencies, of such types and in such amounts, as is customary for established companies engaged in the same or similar business and similarly situated. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Section and the terms of any Security Documents relating to insurance, the provisions in the Security Documents will control.

4.6.Compliance with Laws. Comply with all laws applicable to the Borrower and to the operation of its business (including without limitation any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation relating to employment practices, pension benefits or environmental, occupational and health standards and controls).

4.7.Bank Accounts. Establish and maintain at the Bank the Borrowers primary depository accounts.

4.8.Financial Covenants. Comply with all of the financial and other covenants, if any, set forth on the Addendum.

4.9.Additional Reports. Provide prompt written notice to the Bank of the occurrence of any of the following (together with a description of the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto): (i) any Event of Default or any event, act or condition which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Event of Default (a Default); (ii) any litigation filed by or against the Borrower; (iii) any Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan(s) (as defined in ERISA) or (iv) any event which might result in a material adverse change in the business, assets, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operation of the Borrower.

7

4.10.Certification of Beneficial Owners and Other Additional Information. Provide: (i) such information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by the Bank from time to time for purposes of compliance by the Bank with applicable laws (including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Bank to comply therewith; and (ii) if the Borrower is or was required to deliver a Certification of Beneficial Owners to the Bank, (a) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certification of Beneficial Owners provided to the Bank, as and when requested by the Bank; and (b) a new Certification of Beneficial Owners in form and substance acceptable to the Bank when the individual(s) identified as a controlling party and/or a direct or indirect individual owner on the most recent Certification of Beneficial Owners provided to the Bank have changed.

4.11. Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws. (a) Immediately notify the Bank in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event; (b) immediately provide substitute Collateral to the Bank if, at any time, any Collateral becomes Blocked Property; and (c) conduct its business in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws by each Covered Entity, and its directors and officers, and any employee, agent or affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity in connection with this Agreement.

Reportable Compliance Event as used herein means (1) any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint, or similar charging instrument, arraigned, custodially detained, penalized or the subject of an assessment for a penalty, by, or enters into a settlement with an Official Body in connection with any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law, or any predicate crime to any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations represents a violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law; (2) any Covered Entity engages in a transaction that has caused or would cause the Bank to be in violation of any International Trade Law or Anti-Corruption Law, including a Covered Entitys use of any proceeds of the Loans hereunder to directly or indirectly fund any activities or business of, with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, or to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (3) any Collateral qualifies as Blocked Property, or (4) any Covered Entity otherwise violates, or reasonably believes it will violate, any of the International Trade Law- or Anti-Corruption Law-specific representations and covenants herein.

5.Negative Covenants. The Borrower covenants and agrees that from the date of this Agreement until all Obligations have been paid in full and any commitments of the Bank to the Borrower have been terminated, except as set forth in the Addendum, the Borrower will not, without the Banks prior written consent:

5.1.Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money other than:

(i) 

the Loan, the Obligations and any subsequent indebtedness to the Bank or any of its affiliates;

(ii) 

open account trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business and not past due; and

(iii) 

indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (whether or not constituting purchase money indebtedness), including capital lease obligations and any indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such indebtedness; provided that the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness permitted by this clause (iii) shall not exceed $200,000 at any time outstanding.

8

5.2.Liens and Encumbrances. Except as provided in Section 3.6, create, assume, incur or permit to exist any mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, security interest, lien or charge of any kind upon any of its property, now owned or hereafter acquired, or acquire or agree to acquire any kind of property subject to any conditional sales or other title retention agreement.

5.3.Guarantees. Guarantee, endorse or become contingently liable for the obligations of any person, firm, corporation or other entity, except: (i) in connection with the endorsement and deposit of checks for collection in the ordinary course of business; (ii) guarantees by Borrowers under the Loan Documents; and (iii) guarantees by Integrated BioPharma, Inc. in favor of Elizabeth Industrial Park, LLC in respect of obligations of MDC Warehousing and Distribution, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Integrated BioPharma, Inc. under a lease between Elizabeth Industrial Park, LLC and MDC Warehousing and Distribution, Inc. with respect to the property located at 107 Trumbull Street, Building R Unit 8, Elizabeth, New Jersey.

5.4.Loans or Advances. Purchase or hold beneficially any stock, other securities or evidence of indebtedness of, or make or have outstanding, any loans or advances to, or otherwise extend credit to, or make any investment or acquire any interest whatsoever in, any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, except investments disclosed on the Borrowers Financial Statements that have been provided to the Bank on or before the date hereof, or that are otherwise acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion.

5.5.Merger or Transfer of Assets. Liquidate or dissolve, or merge or consolidate with or into any person, firm, corporation or other entity, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of its property, assets, operations or business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired.

5.6.Change in Business, Management or Ownership. Make or permit, nor shall any Guarantor or grantor under the Security Documents make or permit, any change in (i) its form of organization, including a division into two or more entities; (ii) the nature of its business as carried on as of the date hereof; (iii) the composition of its current executive management; or (iv) its equity ownership.

5.7.Dividends. Declare or pay any dividends on or make any distribution with respect to any class of its equity or ownership interest, or purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire any of its equity, provided, however, that if the Borrower is an S corporation, a partnership or a limited liability company, it may make distributions to its shareholders, partners or members, as the case may be, in an amount equal to the federal and state income tax of such principals of the Borrower attributable to the earnings of the Borrower.

5.8.Acquisitions. Make acquisitions of all or substantially all of the property or assets of any person, firm, corporation or other entity.

5.9.Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws; International Trade Laws.(I) Do any of the following, nor permit any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents acting on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement, nor such Loan Partys subsidiaries to (a) become a Sanctioned Person; (b) directly or indirectly provide, use, or make available the proceeds of any Loan hereunder (i) to fund any activities or business of, with, or for the benefit of any Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction, (iii) in any manner that could result in a violation by any Person (including the Bank) of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or International Trade Laws or (iv) in violation of any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any applicable Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law; (c) repay any Loan with Blocked Property or funds derived from any unlawful activity; or (d) permit any Collateral to become Blocked Property; nor (II) directly or indirectly provide, use, or make available the proceeds of any Loan hereunder to any such Loan Partys subsidiaries that is not party to this Agreement.

9

6.Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following will be deemed to be an Event of Default:

6.1.Covenant Default. The Borrower shall default in the performance of any of the covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement.

6.2Breach of Warranty. Any Financial Statement, representation, warranty or certificate

made or furnished by the Borrower to the Bank in connection with this Agreement shall be false, incorrect or incomplete when made.

6.3Other Default. The occurrence of (i) an Event of Default as defined in the Note or any

of the other Loan Documents and (ii) a default or event of default under or as defined in any other agreement, instrument or document between the Borrower and PNC Bank, National Association or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Bank will have all rights and remedies specified in the Note and the other Loan Documents and all rights and remedies available under applicable law or in equity.

7. Conditions. The Banks obligation to make any advance under any Loan, or to issue any letter of credit, is subject to the conditions that as of the date of the advance:

7.1.No Event of Default. No Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be

continuing.

7.2.Authorization Documents. The Bank shall have received certified copies of resolutions

of the board of directors, the general partners or the members or managers of any partnership, corporation or limited liability company that executes this Agreement, the Note or any of the other Loan Documents; or other proof of authorization satisfactory to the Bank.

7.3.Receipt of Loan Documents. The Bank shall have received the Loan Documents and

such other instruments and documents which the Bank may reasonably request in connection with the transactions provided for in this Agreement, which may include an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank for any party executing any of the Loan Documents.

7.4.Fees. The Bank shall have received all fees owing in respect of the Loan.

8.Fees; Expenses. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Bank, upon the execution of this Agreement, and otherwise on demand, all fees due and payable to the Bank hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and all costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with the preparation, negotiation and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any modifications or amendments thereto or renewals thereof, and the collection of all of the Obligations, including but not limited to enforcement actions, relating to the Loan, whether through judicial proceedings or otherwise, or in defending or prosecuting any actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including (i) reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (which may include costs of in-house counsel); (ii) all costs related to conducting UCC, title and other public record searches; (iii) fees for filing and recording documents in the public records to perfect the Banks liens and security interests; (iv) expenses for auditors, appraisers and environmental consultants; and (v) taxes. The Borrower hereby authorizes and directs the Bank to charge Borrower's deposit account(s) with the Bank for any and all of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses.

9. Increased Costs. On written demand, together with written evidence of the justification therefor, the Borrower agrees to pay the Bank all direct costs incurred, any losses suffered or payments made by the Bank as a result of any Change in Law (hereinafter defined), imposing any reserve, deposit, allocation of capital or similar requirement (including without limitation, Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) on the Bank, its holding company or any of their respective assets relative to the Loan. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date hereof, of any of the following: (i) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty; (ii) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any governmental authority or (iii) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any governmentalauthority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (b) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

10

10.Miscellaneous.

10.1.Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing (except as may be agreed otherwise above with respect to borrowing requests or as otherwise provided in this Agreement) and will be effective upon receipt. Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may agree. Without limiting the foregoing, first-class mail, postage prepaid, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices. In addition, the parties agree that Notices may be sent electronically to any electronic address provided by a party from time to time. Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth above or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this section.

10.2. Preservation of Rights; Waivers of Marshalling, Setoff, and Certain Other Rights.No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. The Banks rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which the Bank may have under other agreements, at law or in equity. In addition to the other waivers hereunder, the Borrower waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) any and all rights to require the Bank to marshal assets or collateral, to proceed first against, or realize on, any assets or collateral or other credit support before proceeding against or realizing on any other assets or collateral or other credit support, or to otherwise require the Bank to exercise rights or remedies in any particular sequence, in connection with any of the Obligations, and (ii) any and all rights to set off or reduce the amount of the Obligations or any related deficiency against any obligations of the Bank, or on account of the value of any collateral or other credit support, or otherwise, whether any such rights described in this sentence are based on or asserted under any statutory provision, common law, equity or otherwise.

10.3.Illegality. If any provision contained in this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, it shall not affect or impair the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

10.4. Changes in Writing. No modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Borrower from, any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the party to be charged, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may modify this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Bank shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrower (which notice may be given by electronic mail). No notice to or demand on the Borrower will entitle the Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstance.

10.5. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. The representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements in this Agreement regarding Anti-Corruption Laws, International Trade Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws will control to the extent of any inconsistency between any such provisions and any provision in any Note regarding such matters.

11

10.6. Counterparts. This Agreement and any other Loan Document may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement or any other Loan Document by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. Any party so executing this Agreement or any other Loan Document by facsimile transmission shall promptly deliver a manually executed counterpart, provided that any failure to do so shall not affect the validity of the counterpart executed by facsimile transmission.

10.7. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Bank and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the Banks prior written consent and the Bank at any time may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.

10.8. Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the Bank and the Borrower otherwise agree in writing, the singular includes the plural and the plural the singular; words importing any gender include the other genders; references to statutes are to be construed as including all statutory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute referred to; the word or shall be deemed to include and/or, the words including, includes and include shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; references to articles, sections (or subdivisions of sections) or exhibits are to those of this Agreement; and references to agreements and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications to such instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. Section headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all accounting terms shall be interpreted and all accounting determinations shall be made in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards. If this Agreement is executed by more than one party as Borrower, the obligations of such persons or entities will be joint and several.

10.9. No Consequential Damages, Etc.. The Bank will not be responsible for any damages, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or otherwise, that may be incurred or alleged by any person or entity, including the Borrower and any Guarantor, as a result of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the use of the proceeds of the Loan.

10.10. Assignments and Participations. At any time, without any notice to the Borrower, the Bank may sell, assign, transfer, negotiate, grant participations in, or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Banks interest in the Loan. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank to provide, without any notice to the Borrower, any information concerning the Borrower, including information pertaining to the Borrowers financial condition, business operations or general creditworthiness, to any assignee of or participant in or any prospective assignee of or participant in all or any part of the Banks interest in the Loan.

10.11. USA PATRIOT Act Notice. To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower that opens an account. What this means: when the Borrower opens an account, the Bank will ask for the business name, business address, taxpayer identifying number and other information or documentation that will allow the Bank to identify the Borrower, such as organizational documents. For some businesses and organizations, the Bank may also need to ask for identifying information and documentation relating to certain individuals associated with the business or organization.

10.12. Important Information about Phone Calls. By providing telephone number(s) to the Bank, now or at any later time, the Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank and its affiliates and designees to contact the Borrower regarding the Borrowers account(s) with the Bank or its affiliates, whether such accounts are Borrowers individual accounts or business accounts for which Borrower is a contact, at such numbers using any means, including but not limited to placing calls using an automated dialing system to cell, VoIP or other wireless phone number, or by leaving prerecorded messages or sending text messages, even if charges may be incurred for the calls or text messages. Borrower hereby consents that any phone call with the Bank may be monitored or recorded by the Bank.

12

10.13. Confidentiality. 

Confidentiality; Sharing Information. The Bank shall hold all non-public information obtained by the Bank pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement relating to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses (collectively, Confidential Information) in accordance with the Banks customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature; provided, however, the Bank may disclose such confidential information (a) to its examiners, affiliates, outside auditors, counsel and other professional advisors (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential), (b) to any prospective transferees of the Banks rights and obligations under this Agreement (it being understood that the prospective transferees to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential), and (c) as required or requested by any Official Body or representative thereof or pursuant to legal process; provided, further that (i) unless specifically prohibited by applicable law, the Bank and each transferee of the Banks rights and obligations under this Agreement shall use its reasonable best efforts prior to disclosure thereof, to notify the applicable Borrower of the applicable request for disclosure of such non-public information (A) by a Official Body or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of the Bank or a transferee of the Banks rights and obligations under this Agreement by such Official Body) or (B) pursuant to legal process and (ii) in no event shall the Bank or any transferee of the Banks rights and obligations under this Agreement be obligated to return any materials furnished by any Borrower other than those documents and instruments in possession of the Bank in order to perfect its lien on the Collateral once the Obligations have been paid in full and this Agreement has been terminated. Each Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to such Borrower or one or more of its affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by the Bank or by one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of the Bank and each Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank to share any information delivered to the Bank by such Borrower and its subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of the Bank to enter into this Agreement, to any such subsidiary or affiliate of the Bank, it being understood that any such subsidiary or affiliate of the Bank receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 10.13 as if it were the Bank hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information of a party shall include, without limitation, any financial information, scientific or technical information, design, process, procedure or improvement and all concepts, documentation, reports, data, data formats, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, user manuals, financial models, screen displays and formats, software, databases, inventions, knowhow, show how and trade secrets, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, whether owned by a party or any third party, together with all memoranda, analyses, compilations, studies, notes, records, drawings, manuals or other documents or materials which contain or otherwise reflect any of the foregoing information.

The Bank agrees to return to the Borrower or destroy all Confidential Information upon the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, the Bank may retain such limited information for customary archival and audit purposes only for reference with respect to prior dealings between the parties subject at all times to the continuing terms of this Section 10.13.

Each of the Borrower and the Bank agrees not to use the other's name or logo in any marketing, advertising or related materials, without the prior written consent of the other party.

10.14. Sharing Information with Affiliates of the Bank. The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time other financial and banking services may be offered or provided to the Borrower or one or more of its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by the Bank or by one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of the Bank or of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., and the Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank to share any information delivered to the Bank by the Borrower and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents to any subsidiary or affiliate of the Bank and/or The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., subject to any provisions of confidentiality in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents.

13

10.15. Electronic Signatures and Records. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Borrower agrees that this Agreement, the Loan Documents, any amendments thereto, and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed orexecuted using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

10.16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State where the Banks office indicated above is located. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE BANK AND THE BORROWER DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE WHERE THE BANKS OFFICE INDICATED ABOVE IS LOCATED, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT (OR EQUIVALENT) IN EFFECT IN THE STATE WHERE THE BANKS OFFICE INDICATED ABOVE IS LOCATED (OR, TO THE EXTENT CONTROLLING, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES IN GLOBAL AND NATIONAL COMMERCE ACT). The Borrower hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court in the county or judicial district where the Banks office indicated above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Agreement will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the Borrower individually, against any security or against any property of the Borrower within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Bank and the Borrower agree that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and the Borrower. The Borrower waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Agreement.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY 

14

10.17. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE BANK IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER AND THE BANK ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.

The Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Agreement, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate.

WITNESS the due execution hereof as a document under seal, as of the date first written above.

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Dina L. Masi

(SEAL)

Dina L. Masi, Chief Financial Officer

MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Riva Sheppard

(SEAL)

Riva Sheppard, President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Mark Cassidy

(SEAL)

Mark Cassidy, Senior Vice President

15

ADDENDUM

ADDENDUM to that certain Loan Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025, between INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC., MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. (individually and collectively the Borrower) and PNC Bank, National Association, as the Bank (as amended, restated, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement). Capitalized terms used in this Addendum and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given them in the Agreement. Section numbers below refer to the sections of the Agreement. This Addendum is incorporated into and made a part of the Agreement. All references in the Agreement and this Addendum to the Agreement shall include both the Agreement and this Addendum.

3.6Title to Assets. Describe additional liens and encumbrances below:

(i) liens and encumbrances on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower; provided that such liens and encumbrances secure indebtedness permitted by Section 5.1(iii); provided such liens and encumbrances shall not encumber, apply or extend to any other property or assets of the Borrower; and

(ii) liens and encumbrances purported to be created by the filing of precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (or similar filings under applicable law) relating solely to operating leases of personal property entered into by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business.

3.7Litigation. Describe pending and threatened litigation, investigations, proceedings, etc. below:

None.

3.10 Environmental Matters. Describe pending or threatened litigation or proceeding arising under, relating to or in connection with any Environmental Law below:

None.

16

CONTINUATION OF ADDENDUM

4.2Financial Reporting Requirements.

1. Borrowers Financial Reporting.

(a) Annual Financial Statements. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year, the Borrowers consolidated and consolidating annual Financial Statements. The Financial Statements will be prepared on an audited basis in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards by an independent certified public accountant selected by the Borrower and satisfactory to the Bank. Audited Financial Statements shall contain the unqualified opinion of an independent certified public accountant and all accountant examinations shall have been made in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards consistently applied from period to period.

(b) Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable Agings. Within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each year, the Borrowers detailed schedule of accounts receivable and accounts payable aging analysis.

(c) Inventory Report. Within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each year, a report of the Borrowers inventory, as established by a physical count or such other method as may be approved by the Bank.

17

CONTINUATION OF ADDENDUM

4.8Financial Covenants.

(1) The Borrower will maintain as of the end of each fiscal year, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.10 to 1.00.

As used herein:

Current Maturities means the scheduled payments of principal on all indebtedness for borrowed money having an original term of more than one year (including but not limited to amortization of capital or finance lease obligations), as shown on the Borrowers Financial Statements as of one year prior to the date of determination.

EBITDA means net income plus interest expense plus income tax expense plus depreciation plus amortization (excluding amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets).

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means (i) EBITDA, divided by (ii) the sum of Current Maturities plus interest expense plus cash taxes paid plus dividends plus Unfunded Capital Expenditures.

Unfunded Capital Expenditures means capital expenditures made from the Borrowers funds other than funds borrowed as term debt to finance such capital expenditures.

All of the above financial covenants shall be computed and determined in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards applied on a consistent basis (subject to normal year-end adjustments).

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_803850.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2 PROMISSORY NOTE - LINE OF CREDIT DATED APRIL 15, 2025 BY AND AMONG INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. AND MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
ex_803850.htm

Exhibit 10.2

Revolving Line of Credit Note

(Daily SOFR) 

$4,000,000.00 

April 15, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC., with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 and MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC., with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 (individually and collectively, the Borrower), promises to pay to the order of PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank), in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds at its offices located at 150 Clove Rd, Little Falls, New Jersey 07424-2138, or at such other location as the Bank may designate from time to time, the principal sum of $4,000,000.00 (the Facility) or such lesser amount as may be advanced to or for the benefit of the Borrower hereunder, together with interest accruing on the outstanding principal balance from the date hereof, all as provided below.

1. Revolving Line of Credit Advances.This Note evidences a revolving line of credit. The Borrower may Facility or this Note beyond the Expiration Date. In no event shall the aggregate unpaid principal amount of borrow, repay and reborrow hereunder and the Bank may advance and readvance under this Note from time to time (each an advance and together the advances) until the Expiration Date, subject to the terms and conditions of this Note and the Loan Documents (as defined below). The Expiration Date means April 15, 2026, or such later date as may be designated by the Bank by written notice from the Bank to the Borrower. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that in no event will the Bank be under any obligation to extend or renew the advances under this Note exceed the face amount of this Note.

2. Interest Rate and Payments.Amounts outstanding under this Note will bear interest at a rate per annum which is equal to the sum of (A) Daily SOFR (as defined below) plus (B) 250 basis points (2.50%). Accrued interest will be due and payable on the same day of each month, beginning with the payment due on May 15, 2025. The outstanding principal balance and any accrued but unpaid interest shall be due and payable on the Expiration Date.

3. Certain Definitions.If the following terms are used in this Note, such terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Alternate Rate means the Base Rate.

Base Rate means the higher of (A) the Prime Rate, and (B) the sum of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate plus 50 basis points (0.50%); provided, however, if the Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If and when the Base Rate as determined above changes, the rate of interest with respect to any amounts hereunder to which the Base Rate applies will change automatically without notice to the Borrower, effective on the date of any such change.

Business Day means any day other than (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by law to be closed for business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania;

1

provided that, when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination involving SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Daily 1M SOFR means, for any day, the interest rate per annum determined by the Bank by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Banks discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such day for a one-month period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage; provided that if Daily 1M SOFR, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then Daily 1M SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. The rate of interest will be adjusted automatically as of each Business Day based on changes in Daily 1M SOFR without notice to the Borrower.

Daily SOFR means Daily 1M SOFR.

Default Rate means the rate per annum equal to the lesser of (A) the sum of 3% plus the interest rate otherwise in effect from time to time under this Note and (B) the Maximum Rate.

Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to 75 basis points (0.75%).

Maximum Rate means the maximum rate of interest allowed by applicable law.

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Bank for the purpose of displaying such rate); provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Bank at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrower.

Prime Rate means the rate publicly announced by the Bank from time to time as its prime rate. The Prime Rate is determined from time to time by the Bank as a means of pricing some loans to its borrowers. The Prime Rate is not tied to any external rate of interest or index and does not necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by the Bank to any particular class or category of customers.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Reserve Percentage means, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding.

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Bank in its reasonable discretion).

2

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

4. Advance Procedures.If permitted by the Bank, a request for advance may be made by telephone or electronic mail, or delivered in accordance with the Banks security procedures through any automated platform or electronic service provided by the Bank, with such confirmation or verification (if any) as the Bank may require in its discretion from time to time. A request for advance by any Borrower shall be binding upon Borrower, jointly and severally. The Borrower authorizes the Bank to accept telephonic, email, automated and electronic requests for advances, and the Bank shall be entitled to rely upon the authority of any person providing such instructions. The Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank harmless from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) which may arise or be created by the acceptance of such telephonic, email, automated and electronic requests or by the making of such advances. The Bank will enter on its books and records, which entry when made will be presumed correct, the date and amount of each advance, as well as the date and amount of each payment made by the Borrower.

5. Interest Calculation; Maximum Rate.Interest will be calculated based on the actual number of days that principal is outstanding over a year of 360 days. In no event will the effective rate of interest hereunder, inclusive of all fees, charges, and other amounts that are treated as interest under applicable law, exceed the Maximum Rate. Regardless of any other provision of this Note or the other Loan Documents, if for any reason such effective interest rate should exceed the Maximum Rate, such effective interest rate shall be deemed reduced to, and shall be, the Maximum Rate, and (i) the amount which would be excessive interest shall be deemed applied to the reduction of the principal balance of this Note and not to the payment of interest, and (ii) if the loan evidenced by this Note has been or is thereby paid in full, the excess shall be returned to the party paying same, such application to the principal balance of this Note or the refunding of such excess to be a complete settlement and acquittance thereof.

6. Conforming Changes; Benchmark Replacement Provisions.The Bank shall have the right to make any technical, administrative or operational changes from time to time that the Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of SOFR or any other Benchmark (as defined below) or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Bank in a manner substantially consistent with market practice or in such other manner as the Bank decides is reasonably necessary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such technical, administrative or operational changes will become effective without any further action or consent of the Borrower. The Bank shall provide notice to the Borrower of any such amendment reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

If the applicable rate under this Note is based on a Benchmark and the Bank determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive) that (A) such Benchmark cannot be determined pursuant to its definition other than as a result of a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below), or (B) any enactment, promulgation or adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by a governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by the Bank with any guideline, request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful or impracticable for the Bank to make or maintain or fund loans based on that Benchmark, then the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Borrower. Thereafter, until the Bank notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist, the interest rate on all amounts outstanding under this Note shall be the Alternate Rate.

3

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if the Bank determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to a Benchmark, the Bank may amend this Note to replace such Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement (as defined below); and any such amendment shall be in writing, shall specify the date that the Benchmark Replacement is effective and will not require any further action or consent of the Borrower. Until the Benchmark Replacement is effective, amounts bearing interest with reference to a Benchmark will continue to bear interest with reference to such Benchmark as long as such Benchmark is available, and otherwise such amounts automatically will bear interest at the Alternate Rate.

For purposes of this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

Benchmark means, at any time, any interest rate index then used in the determination of an interest rate under the terms of this Note. Once a Benchmark Replacement becomes effective under this Note, it is a Benchmark. The initial Benchmark under this Note is Daily SOFR.

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Benchmark, the sum of (a) an alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case that has been selected by the Bank as the replacement for such Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendation made by the official sector or any official sector-sponsored committee or working group, for U.S. dollar-denominated credit facilities at such time; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Note and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Transition Event means a public statement or publication by or on behalf of the administrator of a Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor of such administrator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, NYFRB, an insolvency official or resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the time of such statement or publication there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark or (b) such Benchmark is or will no longer be representative.

7. Other Payment Terms.If any payment under this Note is due on a day of a calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in certain other months (each, a Non-Conforming Month), then the payment in a Non-Conforming Month shall be due on the last Business Day of such Non-Conforming Month. If any payment under this Note shall become due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day, except that if such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be due on the next preceding day that is a Business Day. Interest shall be computed to, but excluding, the date of payment. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank to charge the Borrowers deposit account at the Bank for any payment when due under this Note or any other Loan Document. Payments received will be applied to charges, fees and expenses (including attorneys fees), accrued interest and principal in any order the Bank may choose, in its sole discretion.

8. Late Payments; Default Rate.If the Borrower fails to make any payment of principal, interest or other amount coming due pursuant to the provisions of this Note within 15 calendar days of the date due and payable, the Borrower also shall pay to the Bank a late charge equal to the lesser of 5% of the amount of such payment or $100.00 (the Late Charge). Such 15-day period shall not be construed in any way to extend the due date of any such payment. Upon maturity, whether by acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at the Banks option upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) and during the continuance thereof, amounts outstanding under this Note shall bear interest at the Default Rate. The Default Rate shall continue to apply whether or not judgment shall be entered on this Note. Both the Late Charge and the Default Rate are imposed as liquidated damages for the purpose of defraying the Banks expenses incident to the handling of delinquent payments,

4

but are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the Banks exercise of any rights and remedies hereunder, under the other Loan Documents or under applicable law, and any fees and expenses of any agents or attorneys which the Bank may employ. In addition, the Default Rate reflects the increased credit risk to the Bank of carrying a loan that is in default. The Borrower agrees that the Late Charge and Default Rate are reasonable forecasts of just compensation for anticipated and actual harm incurred by the Bank, and that the actual harm incurred by the Bank cannot be estimated with certainty and without difficulty.

9. Prepayment.The indebtedness evidenced by this Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time

without penalty.

10. Increased Costs; Yield Protection.On written demand, together with written evidence of the justification therefor, the Borrower agrees to pay the Bank all direct costs incurred, any losses suffered or payments made by the Bank as a result of any Change in Law (hereinafter defined), imposing any reserve, deposit, allocation of capital or similar requirement (including without limitation, Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) on the Bank, its holding company or any of their respective assets relative to the Facility. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Note, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any governmental authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any governmental authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

11. Other Loan Documents.This Note is issued in connection with a letter agreement or loan agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, dated on or before the date hereof, and the other agreements and documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith or referred to therein, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference (as amended, modified or renewed from time to time, collectively the Loan Documents), and is secured by the property (if any) described in the Loan Documents and by any and all mortgages, security agreements, assignments, loan agreements, pledge agreements and other documents or instruments evidencing a security interest or other lien in favor of the Bank and delivered by the Borrower or by any third party with reference to indebtedness of the Borrower, whether such documents were previously or are hereafter executed, and whether given expressly as security for payment of this Note or generally as security for any and all indebtedness of the Borrower to the Bank. Such documents may be executed contemporaneously with the execution of this Note, or they may be executed and delivered at another time. Collateral securing other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank may also secure this Note.

12. Events of Default.The occurrence of any of the following events will be deemed to be an Event of Default under this Note: (i) the nonpayment of any principal, interest or other indebtedness under this Note when due; (ii) the occurrence of any event of default or any default and the lapse of any notice or cure period, or any Obligors failure to observe or perform any covenant or other agreement, under or contained in any Loan Document or any other document now or in the future evidencing or securing any debt, liability or obligation of any Obligor to the Bank; (iii) the filing by or against any Obligor of any proceeding in bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, conservatorship or similar proceeding (and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against any Obligor, such proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within 30 days of the commencement thereof, provided that the Bank shall not be obligated to advance additional funds hereunder during such period); (iv) any assignment by any Obligor for the benefit of creditors, or any levy, garnishment, attachment or similar proceeding is instituted against any property of any Obligor held by or deposited with the Bank; (v) a default with respect to any other indebtedness of any Obligor for borrowed money, if the effect of such default is to cause or permit the acceleration of such debt; (vi) the commencement of any foreclosure or forfeiture proceeding, execution or attachment against any collateral securing the obligations of any Obligor to the Bank;

5

(vii) the entry of a final judgment against any Obligor and the failure of such Obligor to discharge the judgment within 10 days of the entry thereof; (viii) any change in any Obligors business, assets, operations, financial condition or results of operations that has or could reasonably be expected to have any material adverse effect on any Obligor; (ix) any Obligor ceases doing business as a going concern; (x) any representation or warranty made by any Obligor to the Bank in any Loan Document or any other documents now or in the future evidencing or securing the obligations of any Obligor to the Bank, is false, erroneous or misleading in any material respect; (xi) if this Note or any guarantee executed by any Obligor is secured, the failure of any Obligor to provide the Bank with additional collateral if in the Banks opinion at any time or times, the market value of any of the collateral securing this Note or any guarantee has depreciated below that required pursuant to the Loan Documents or, if no specific value is so required, then in an amount deemed material by the Bank; (xii) the revocation or attempted revocation, in whole or in part, of any guarantee by any Obligor; or (xiii) the death, incarceration, indictment or legal incompetency of any individual Obligor or, if any Obligor is a partnership or limited liability company, the death, incarceration, indictment or legal incompetency of any individual general partner or member. As used herein, the term Obligor means any Borrower and any guarantor of, or any pledgor, mortgagor or other person or entity providing collateral support for, the Borrowers obligations to the Bank existing on the date of this Note or arising in the future.

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default: (a) the Bank shall be under no further obligation to make advances hereunder; (b) if an Event of Default specified in clause (iii) or (iv) above shall occur, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder together with any additional amounts payable hereunder shall be immediately due and payable without demand or notice of any kind; (c) if any other Event of Default shall occur, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder together with any additional amounts payable hereunder, at the Banks option and without demand or notice of any kind, may be accelerated and become immediately due and payable; (d) at the Banks option, this Note will bear interest at the Default Rate from the date of the occurrence of the Event of Default; and (e) the Bank may exercise from time to time any of the rights and remedies available under the Loan Documents or under applicable law. These rights and remedies shall include, without limitation, the right to apply by appropriate judicial proceedings for appointment of a receiver for the Borrower or all or part of any collateral or any assets of the Borrower.

13. Right of Setoff.In addition to all liens upon and rights of setoff against the Borrowers money, securities or other property given to the Bank by law, the Bank shall have, with respect to the Borrowers obligations to the Bank under this Note and to the extent permitted by law, a contractual possessory security interest in and a contractual right of setoff against, and the Borrower hereby grants the Bank a security interest in, and hereby assigns, conveys, delivers, pledges and transfers to the Bank, all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in and to, all of the Borrowers deposits, moneys, securities and other property now or hereafter in the possession of or on deposit with, or in transit to, the Bank or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., whether held in a general or special account or deposit, whether held jointly with someone else, or whether held for safekeeping or otherwise, excluding, however, all IRA, Keogh, and trust accounts. Every such security interest and right of setoff may be exercised without demand upon or notice to the Borrower.

14. Indemnity.The Borrower agrees to indemnify each of the Bank, each legal entity, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Bank, and each of their respective directors, officers and employees (the Indemnified Parties), and to defend and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including all fees and charges of internal or external counsel with whom any Indemnified Party may consult and all expenses of litigation and preparation therefor) (each, a Claim) which any Indemnified Party may incur or which may be asserted against any Indemnified Party by any person, entity or governmental authority (including any person or entity claiming derivatively on behalf of the Borrower), in connection with or arising out of or relating to the matters referred to in this Note or in the other Loan Documents or the use of any advance hereunder, whether (a) arising from or incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Borrower, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation, pending or threatened, whether based on statute, regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise, before any court or governmental authority; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Claim that is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment to have been solely attributable to an Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnity agreement contained in this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Note, payment of any advance hereunder and the assignment of any rights hereunder. The Borrower may participate at its expense in the defense of any such action or claim.

6

15. Miscellaneous.All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing (except as may be agreed otherwise above with respect to borrowing requests or as otherwise provided in this Note). Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may agree. Without limiting the foregoing, first-class mail, postage prepaid, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices. In addition, the parties agree that Notices may be sent electronically to any electronic address provided by a party from time to time or through an automated platform that the Bank provides to the Borrower. Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth above or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this paragraph. Notices will be effective upon receipt. For purposes hereof, receipt means: (i) for notices sent by U.S. mail, the third business day after the date such notice was sent; (ii) for notices delivered by hand or sent by overnight courier service, the date delivered; (iii) for notices sent by facsimile or electronic communication, the date when sent; and (iv) for notices sent by any other method, the date received. No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. The Banks rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which the Bank may have under other agreements, at law or in equity. Except as otherwise set forth in this Note, no modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Borrower from, any provision of this Note will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may modify this Note for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Bank shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrower (which notice may be given by electronic mail). The Borrower agrees to pay on demand, to the extent permitted by law, all costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in the enforcement of its rights in this Note and in any security therefor, including without limitation reasonable fees and expenses of the Banks counsel. If any provision of this Note is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court, all the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. The Borrower and all other makers and indorsers of this Note hereby forever waive presentment, protest, notice of dishonor, notice of non-payment, notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration, and any other notice of any kind. The Borrower also waives all defenses based on suretyship or impairment of collateral. If this Note is executed by more than one Borrower, the obligations of such persons or entities hereunder will be joint and several. This Note shall bind the Borrower and its heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not assign this Note in whole or in part without the Banks written consent and the Bank at any time may assign this Note in whole or in part.

16. Governing Law and Venue.This Note has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State where the Banks office indicated above is located (the State). THIS NOTE WILL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE BANK AND THE BORROWER DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT (OR EQUIVALENT) IN EFFECT IN THE STATE (OR, TO THE EXTENT CONTROLLING, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES IN GLOBAL AND NATIONAL COMMERCE ACT). The Borrower hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court in the county or judicial district where the Banks office indicated above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Note will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the Borrower individually, against any security or against any property of the Borrower within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and the Borrower. The Borrower waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Note.

7

17. Commercial Purpose.The Borrower represents that the indebtedness evidenced by this Note is being incurred by the Borrower solely for the purpose of acquiring or carrying on a business, professional or commercial activity, and not for personal, family or household purposes.

18. USA PATRIOT Act Notice.To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower that opens an account. What this means: when the Borrower opens an account, the Bank will ask for the business name, business address, taxpayer identifying number and other information that will allow the Bank to identify the Borrower, such as organizational documents. For some businesses and organizations, the Bank may also need to ask for identifying information and documentation relating to certain individuals associated with the business or organization.

19. Representation by Counsel.The Borrower hereby represents that it has been represented by competent counsel of its choice, or has knowingly waived its right to use and retain counsel, in the negotiation and execution of this Note and the other Loan Documents; that it has read and fully understood the terms hereof; that the Borrower and any retained counsel have been afforded an opportunity to review, negotiate and modify the terms of this Note and the other Loan Documents; and that it intends to be bound hereby. In accordance with the foregoing, the general rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities in a contract are to be resolved against the party drafting the contract shall not be employed in the construction and interpretation of this Note or any other Loan Document.

20. Authorization to Obtain Credit Reports.By signing below, each person, who is signing in his or her individual capacity, requests and provides written authorization to the Bank or its designee (and any assignee or potential assignee hereof) to obtain such individuals personal credit profile from one or more national credit bureaus. This authorization extends to obtaining a credit profile in (i) considering an application for credit that is evidenced, guaranteed or secured by this document, (ii) assessing creditworthiness and (iii) considering extensions of credit, including on an ongoing basis, as necessary for the purposes of (a) update, renewal or extension of such credit or additional credit, (b) reviewing, administering or collecting the resulting account and (c) reporting on the repayment and satisfaction of such credit obligations. By signing below, such individual further ratifies and confirms his or her prior requests and authorizations with respect to the matters set forth herein. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision does not apply to persons signing below in their capacities as officers or other authorized representatives of entities, organizations or governmental bodies.

21. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures and Records.This Note and any other Loan Document may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Borrower agrees that this Note, the Loan Documents, any amendments thereto, and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

22. Automatic Payment.If due to any act or omission of the Borrower or another Obligor the Bank cannot automatically deduct payments required under this Note or the other Loan Documents from a deposit account with the Bank (including due to the Borrowers revocation of its authorization to do so or failure to maintain such deposit account with the Bank or otherwise), the Bank may, at its option, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, increase the interest rate payable by the Borrower under this Note by 25 basis points (0.25%).

8

23. Depository.The Borrower will establish and maintain with the Bank the Borrowers primary depository accounts. If the Borrower fails to establish and/or maintain its primary depository accounts with the Bank, the Bank may, at its option, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, increase the interest rate payable by the Borrower under this Note by up to 100 basis points (1.00%). The Banks right to increase the interest rate pursuant to this paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies the Bank may have under this Note, all of which are hereby reserved, and shall not constitute a waiver, release or limitation upon the Banks exercise of any such rights or remedies.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

9

24. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THE BORROWER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS NOTE, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.

The Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Note, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate.

WITNESS the due execution hereof as a document under seal, as of the date first written above, with the intent to be legally bound hereby

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Dina L. Masi

(SEAL)

Dina L. Masi, Chief Financial Officer

MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Riva Sheppard

(SEAL)

Riva Sheppard, President

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_803851.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3 PROMISSORY NOTE - CONVERTIBLE LINE OF CREDIT DATED APRIL 15, 2025 BY AND AMONG INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. AND MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
ex_803851.htm

Exhibit 10.3

Convertible Equipment Line of Credit Note

(Daily SOFR) 

$500,000.00 

April 15, 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC., with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 and MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC., with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 (individually and collectively, the Borrower), promises to pay to the order of PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank), in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds at its offices located at 150 Clove Rd, Little Falls, New Jersey 07424-2138, or at such other location as the Bank may designate from time to time, the principal sum of $500,000.00 (the Facility) or such lesser amount as may be advanced to or for the benefit of the Borrower hereunder, together with interest accruing on the outstanding principal balance from the date hereof, all as provided below.

1. Advances.This Note evidences a non-revolving line of credit that converts to a term loan on the Conversion Date (as defined below). During the period from the date of this Note to and including the Conversion Date, the Borrower may borrow hereunder (but may not reborrow after repayment), subject to the terms and conditions of this Note and the Loan Documents (as defined below). In no event shall the aggregate unpaid principal amount of advances under this Note exceed the face amount of this Note. On the Conversion Date, the then-outstanding principal amount of advances hereunder shall convert to an amortizing term loan payable as set forth below.

2. Interest Rate 

(a) 

Prior to the Conversion Date, amounts outstanding under this Note will bear interest at a rate per annum (the Daily Rate) equal to the sum of (i) Daily SOFR (as defined below) plus (ii) 250 basis points (2.50%).

(b) 

From and after the Conversion Date, amounts outstanding under this Note will bear interest for

the remaining term of this Note at either: (i) a rate per annum equal to the Daily Rate; or (ii) a fixed rate of interest per annum (the Fixed Rate) as offered to the Borrower by the Bank in its sole discretion and agreed upon in writing between the Borrower and the Bank.

3. Payments.

(a) Prior to the Conversion Date interest only shall be due and payable monthly, commencing onMay 15, 2025, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter until the Conversion Date, when allaccrued interest shall be due and payable.

(b) Commencing on the 15th day of the month following the month in which the Conversion Dateoccurs, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter, installments of principal and interest, each ofwhich shall be in an amount determined as set forth in this paragraph, shall be due and payable until the MaturityDate (as defined below), at which time a final installment shall be payable in an amount equal to the remaining outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder.

1

The amount of the monthly installment shall be determined on the basis of an amortization period of sixty (60) months commencing on the Conversion Date (the Amortization Period). If after the Conversion Date this Note bears interest at the Fixed Rate, each monthly installment shall be a sum of principal and interest in the same amount (the Level Payment Amount), which is the amount sufficient to amortize the principal amount outstanding under this Note on the Conversion Date at the Fixed Rate over the Amortization Period. If after the Conversion Date this Note bears interest at the Daily Rate, each monthly installment shall be in the same amount of principal, which is the amount determined by dividing the principal amount outstanding under this Note on the Conversion Date by the number of months in the Amortization Period, and accrued interest shall be payable at the same times as the principal payments. All outstanding principal and accrued interest shall be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.

4. Certain Definitions. If the following terms are used in this Note, such terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Alternate Rate means the Base Rate.

Base Rate means the higher of (A) the Prime Rate and (B) the sum of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate plus 50 basis points (0.50%); provided,however, if the Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If and when the Base Rate as determined above changes, the rate of interest with respect to any amounts hereunder to which the Base Rate applies will change automatically without notice to the Borrower, effective on the date of any such change.

Business Day means any day other than (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required by law to be closed for business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; provided that, when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination involving SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Conversion Date means the earlier to occur of (A) the date that is twelve (12) months after the date of this Note, or such later date as may be designated by the Bank by written notice from the Bank to the Borrower, or (B) the date when the Bank receives written notice from the Borrower (which notice shall be irrevocable) informing the Bank that the Borrower does not intend to request further advances hereunder and acknowledging that the Bank shall have no obligation to make further advances hereunder.

Daily 1M SOFR means, for any day, the interest rate per annum determined by the Bank by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Banks discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such day for a one-month period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage; provided that if Daily 1M SOFR, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then Daily 1M SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. The rate of interest will be adjusted automatically as of each Business Day based on changes in Daily 1M SOFR without notice to the Borrower.

Daily SOFR means Daily 1M SOFR.

Default Rate means the rate per annum equal to the lesser of (A) the sum of 3% plus the interest rate otherwise in effect from time to time under this Note and (B) the Maximum Rate.

Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to ____ basis points (____%) or, if the preceding blanks are not completed, then zero.

Maturity Date means the 60-month anniversary of the Conversion Date.

2

Maximum Rate means the maximum rate of interest allowed by applicable law.

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Bank for the purpose of displaying such rate); provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Bank at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrower.

Prime Rate means the rate publicly announced by the Bank from time to time as its prime rate. The Prime Rate is determined from time to time by the Bank as a means of pricing some loans to its borrowers. The Prime Rate is not tied to any external rate of interest or index and does not necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by the Bank to any particular class or category of customers.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Reserve Percentage means, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding.

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Bank in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

5. Advance Procedures.If permitted by the Bank, a request for advance may be made by telephone or electronic mail, or delivered in accordance with the Banks security procedures through any automated platform or electronic service provided by the Bank, with such confirmation or verification (if any) as the Bank may require in its discretion from time to time. A request for advance by any Borrower shall be binding upon Borrower, jointly and severally. The Borrower authorizes the Bank to accept telephonic, email, automated and electronic requests for advances, and the Bank shall be entitled to rely upon the authority of any person providing such instructions. The Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank harmless from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) which may arise or be created by the acceptance of such telephonic, email, automated and electronic requests or by the making of such advances. The Bank will enter on its books and records, which entry when made will be presumed correct, the date and amount of each advance, as well as the date and amount of each payment made by the Borrower.

3

6. Interest Calculation; Maximum Rate.Interest will be calculated based on the actual number of days that principal is outstanding over a year of 360 days. In no event will the effective rate of interest hereunder, inclusive of all fees, charges, and other amounts that are treated as interest under applicable law, exceed the Maximum Rate. Regardless of any other provision of this Note or the other Loan Documents, if for any reason such effective interest rate should exceed the Maximum Rate, such effective interest rate shall be deemed reduced to, and shall be, the Maximum Rate, and (i) the amount which would be excessive interest shall be deemed applied to the reduction of the principal balance of this Note and not to the payment of interest, and (ii) if the loan evidenced by this Note has been or is thereby paid in full, the excess shall be returned to the party paying same, such application to the principal balance of this Note or the refunding of such excess to be a complete settlement and acquittance thereof.

7. Conforming Changes; Benchmark Replacement Provisions.The Bank shall have the right to make any technical, administrative or operational changes from time to time that the Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of SOFR or any other Benchmark (as defined below) or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Bank in a manner substantially consistent with market practice or in such other manner as the Bank decides is reasonably necessary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such technical, administrative or operational changes will become effective without any further action or consent of the Borrower. The Bank shall provide notice to the Borrower of any such amendment reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

If the applicable rate under this Note is based on a Benchmark and the Bank determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive) that (A) such Benchmark cannot be determined pursuant to its definition other than as a result of a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined below), or (B) any enactment, promulgation or adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by a governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by the Bank with any guideline, request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful or impracticable for the Bank to make or maintain or fund loans based on that Benchmark, then the Bank shall give notice thereof to the Borrower. Thereafter, until the Bank notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist, the interest rate on all amounts outstanding under this Note shall be the Alternate Rate.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if the Bank determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to a Benchmark, the Bank may amend this Note to replace such Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement (as defined below); and any such amendment shall be in writing, shall specify the date that the Benchmark Replacement is effective and will not require any further action or consent of the Borrower. Until the Benchmark Replacement is effective, amounts bearing interest with reference to a Benchmark will continue to bear interest with reference to such Benchmark as long as such Benchmark is available, and otherwise such amounts automatically will bear interest at the Alternate Rate.

For purposes of this Section, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

Benchmark means, at any time, any interest rate index then used in the determination of an interest rate under the terms of this Note. Once a Benchmark Replacement becomes effective under this Note, it is a Benchmark. The initial Benchmark under this Note is Daily SOFR.

4

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Benchmark, the sum of (a) an alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case that has been selected by the Bank as the replacement for such Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendation made by the official sector or any official sector-sponsored committee or working group, for U.S. dollar-denominated credit facilities at such time; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Note and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Transition Event means a public statement or publication by or on behalf of the administrator of a Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor of such administrator, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, NYFRB, an insolvency official or resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the time of such statement or publication there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark or (b) such Benchmark is or will no longer be representative.

8. Other Payment Terms.If any payment under this Note is due on a day of a calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in certain other months (each, a Non-Conforming Month), then the payment in a Non-Conforming Month shall be due on the last Business Day of such Non-Conforming Month. If any payment under this Note shall become due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day, except that if such day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be due on the next preceding day that is a Business Day. Interest shall be computed to, but excluding, the date of payment. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank to charge the Borrowers deposit account at the Bank for any payment when due under this Note or any other Loan Document. Payments received will be applied to charges, fees and expenses (including attorneys fees), accrued interest and principal in any order the Bank may choose, in its sole discretion.

9. Late Payments; Default Rate.If the Borrower fails to make any payment of principal, interest or other amount coming due pursuant to the provisions of this Note within 15 calendar days of the date due and payable, the Borrower also shall pay to the Bank a late charge equal to the lesser of 5% of the amount of such payment or $100.00 (the Late Charge). Such 15-day period shall not be construed in any way to extend the due date of any such payment. Upon maturity, whether by acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at the Banks option upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) and during the continuance thereof, amounts outstanding under this Note shall bear interest at the Default Rate. The Default Rate shall continue to apply whether or not judgment shall be entered on this Note. Both the Late Charge and the Default Rate are imposed as liquidated damages for the purpose of defraying the Banks expenses incident to the handling of delinquent payments, but are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the Banks exercise of any rights and remedies hereunder, under the other Loan Documents or under applicable law, and any fees and expenses of any agents or attorneys which the Bank may employ. In addition, the Default Rate reflects the increased credit risk to the Bank of carrying a loan that is in default. The Borrower agrees that the Late Charge and Default Rate are reasonable forecasts of just compensation for anticipated and actual harm incurred by the Bank, and that the actual harm incurred by the Bank cannot be estimated with certainty and without difficulty.

5

10. Prepayment.The Borrower shall have the right to prepay any amounts outstanding hereunder at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part; subject, however, to payment of any break funding indemnification amounts owing pursuant to the paragraph entitled Break Funding Indemnification below.

11. Increased Costs; Yield Protection.On written demand, together with written evidence of the justification therefor, the Borrower agrees to pay the Bank all direct costs incurred, any losses suffered or payments made by the Bank as a result of any Change in Law (hereinafter defined), imposing any reserve, deposit, allocation of capital or similar requirement (including without limitation, Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) on the Bank, its holding company or any of their respective assets relative to the Facility. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Note, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any governmental authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any governmental authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

12. Break Funding Indemnification. The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Bank against any liabilities, losses or expenses (including, without limitation, loss of margin, any loss or expense sustained or incurred in liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, and any loss or expense incurred in connection with funds acquired to effect, fund or maintain any advance (or any part thereof) bearing interest at a fixed rate) which the Bank sustains or incurs as a consequence of either (i) the Borrowers failure to make a payment on the due date thereof, (ii) the Borrowers revocation (expressly, by later inconsistent notices or otherwise) in whole or in part of any notice given to Bank to request, convert, renew or prepay any advance bearing interest at a fixed rate, or (iii) the Borrowers payment or prepayment (whether voluntary, after acceleration of the maturity of this Note or otherwise) or conversion of any advance bearing interest at a fixed rate on a day other than the regularly scheduled due date therefor. A notice as to any amounts payable pursuant to this paragraph given to the Borrower by the Bank shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and shall be payable upon demand. The Borrowers indemnification obligations hereunder shall survive the payment in full of the advances and all other amounts payable hereunder.

13. Other Loan Documents.This Note is issued in connection with a letter agreement or loan agreement between the Borrower and the Bank, dated on or before the date hereof, and the other agreements and documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith or referred to therein, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference (as amended, modified or renewed from time to time, collectively the Loan Documents), and is secured by the property (if any) described in the Loan Documents and by any and all mortgages, security agreements, assignments, loan agreements, pledge agreements and other documents or instruments evidencing a security interest or other lien in favor of the Bank and delivered by the Borrower or by any third party with reference to indebtedness of the Borrower, whether such documents were previously or are hereafter executed, and whether given expressly as security for payment of this Note or generally as security for any and all indebtedness of the Borrower to the Bank. Such documents may be executed contemporaneously with the execution of this Note, or they may be executed and delivered at another time. Collateral securing other obligations of the Borrower to the Bank may also secure this Note.

14. Events of Default.The occurrence of any of the following events will be deemed to be an Event of Default under this Note: (i) the nonpayment of any principal, interest or other indebtedness under this Note when due; (ii) the occurrence of any event of default or any default and the lapse of any notice or cure period, or any Obligors failure to observe or perform any covenant or other agreement, under or contained in any Loan Document or any other document now or in the future evidencing or securing any debt, liability or obligation of any Obligor to the Bank;

6

(iii) the filing by or against any Obligor of any proceeding in bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, conservatorship or similar proceeding (and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against any Obligor, such proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within 30 days of the commencement thereof, provided that the Bank shall not be obligated to advance additional funds hereunder during such period); (iv) any assignment by any Obligor for the benefit of creditors, or any levy, garnishment, attachment or similar proceeding is instituted against any property of any Obligor held by or deposited with the Bank; (v) a default with respect to any other indebtedness of any Obligor for borrowed money, if the effect of such default is to cause or permit the acceleration of such debt; (vi) the commencement of any foreclosure or forfeiture proceeding, execution or attachment against any collateral securing the obligations of any Obligor to the Bank; (vii) the entry of a final judgment against any Obligor and the failure of such Obligor to discharge the judgment within 10 days of the entry thereof; (viii) any change in any Obligors business, assets, operations, financial condition or results of operations that has or could reasonably be expected to have any material adverse effect on any Obligor; (ix) any Obligor ceases doing business as a going concern; (x) any representation or warranty made by any Obligor to the Bank in any Loan Document or any other documents now or in the future evidencing or securing the obligations of any Obligor to the Bank, is false, erroneous or misleading in any material respect; (xi) if this Note or any guarantee executed by any Obligor is secured, the failure of any Obligor to provide the Bank with additional collateral if in the Banks opinion at any time or times, the market value of any of the collateral securing this Note or any guarantee has depreciated below that required pursuant to the Loan Documents or, if no specific value is so required, then in an amount deemed material by the Bank; (xii) the revocation or attempted revocation, in whole or in part, of any guarantee by any Obligor; or (xiii) the death, incarceration, indictment or legal incompetency of any individual Obligor or, if any Obligor is a partnership or limited liability company, the death, incarceration, indictment or legal incompetency of any individual general partner or member. As used herein, the term Obligor means any Borrower and any guarantor of, or any pledgor, mortgagor or other person or entity providing collateral support for, the Borrowers obligations to the Bank existing on the date of this Note or arising in the future.

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default: (a) the Bank shall be under no further obligation to make advances hereunder; (b) if an Event of Default specified in clause (iii) or (iv) above shall occur, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder together with any additional amounts payable hereunder shall be immediately due and payable without demand or notice of any kind; (c) if any other Event of Default shall occur, the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest hereunder together with any additional amounts payable hereunder, at the Banks option and without demand or notice of any kind, may be accelerated and become immediately due and payable; (d) at the Banks option, this Note will bear interest at the Default Rate from the date of the occurrence of the Event of Default; and (e) the Bank may exercise from time to time any of the rights and remedies available under the Loan Documents or under applicable law. These rights and remedies shall include, without limitation, the right to apply by appropriate judicial proceedings for appointment of a receiver for the Borrower or all or part of any collateral or any assets of the Borrower.

15. Right of Setoff.In addition to all liens upon and rights of setoff against the Borrowers money, securities or other property given to the Bank by law, the Bank shall have, with respect to the Borrowers obligations to the Bank under this Note and to the extent permitted by law, a contractual possessory security interest in and a contractual right of setoff against, and the Borrower hereby grants the Bank a security interest in, and hereby assigns, conveys, delivers, pledges and transfers to the Bank, all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in and to, all of the Borrowers deposits, moneys, securities and other property now or hereafter in the possession of or on deposit with, or in transit to, the Bank or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., whether held in a general or special account or deposit, whether held jointly with someone else, or whether held for safekeeping or otherwise, excluding, however, all IRA, Keogh, and trust accounts. Every such security interest and right of setoff may be exercised without demand upon or notice to the Borrower.

7

16. Indemnity.The Borrower agrees to indemnify each of the Bank, each legal entity, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Bank, and each of their respective directors, officers and employees (the Indemnified Parties), and to defend and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including all fees and charges of internal or external counsel with whom any Indemnified Party may consult and all expenses of litigation and preparation therefor) (each, a Claim) which any Indemnified Party may incur or which may be asserted against any Indemnified Party by any person, entity or governmental authority (including any person or entity claiming derivatively on behalf of the Borrower), in connection with or arising out of or relating to the matters referred to in this Note or in the other Loan Documents or the use of any advance hereunder, whether (a) arising from or incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Borrower, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation, pending or threatened, whether based on statute, regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise, before any court or governmental authority; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Claim that is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment to have been solely attributable to an Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnity agreement contained in this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Note, payment of any advance hereunder and the assignment of any rights hereunder. The Borrower may participate at its expense in the defense of any such action or claim.

17. Miscellaneous.All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required

or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing (except as may be agreed otherwise above with respect to borrowing requests or as otherwise provided in this Note). Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may agree. Without limiting the foregoing, first-class mail, postage prepaid, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices. In addition, the parties agree that Notices may be sent electronically to any electronic address provided by a party from time to time or through an automated platform that the Bank provides to the Borrower. Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth above or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this paragraph. Notices will be effective upon receipt. For purposes hereof, receipt means: (i) for notices sent by U.S. mail, the third business day after the date such notice was sent; (ii) for notices delivered by hand or sent by overnight courier service, the date delivered; (iii) for notices sent by facsimile or electronic communication, the date when sent; and (iv) for notices sent by any other method, the date received. No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. The Banks rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which the Bank may have under other agreements, at law or in equity. Except as otherwise set forth in this Note, no modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Borrower from, any provision of this Note will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may modify this Note for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Bank shall send a copy of any such modification to the Borrower (which notice may be given by electronic mail). The Borrower agrees to pay on demand, to the extent permitted by law, all costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in the enforcement of its rights in this Note and in any security therefor, including without limitation reasonable fees and expenses of the Banks counsel. If any provision of this Note is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court, all the other provisions of this Note will remain in full force and effect. The Borrower and all other makers and indorsers of this Note hereby forever waive presentment, protest, notice of dishonor, notice of non-payment, notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration, and any other notice of any kind. The Borrower also waives all defenses based on suretyship or impairment of collateral. If this Note is executed by more than one Borrower, the obligations of such persons or entities hereunder will be joint and several. This Note shall bind the Borrower and its heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not assign this Note in whole or in part without the Banks written consent and the Bank at any time may assign this Note in whole or in part.

8

18. Governing Law and Venue.This Note has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State where the Banks office indicated above is located (the State). THIS NOTE WILL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE BANK AND THE BORROWER DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT (OR EQUIVALENT) IN EFFECT IN THE STATE (OR, TO THE EXTENT CONTROLLING, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES IN GLOBAL AND NATIONAL COMMERCE ACT). The Borrower hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court in the county or judicial district where the Banks office indicated above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Note will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the Borrower individually, against any security or against any property of the Borrower within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and the Borrower. The Borrower waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Note.

19. Commercial Purpose.The Borrower represents that the indebtedness evidenced by this Note is being

incurred by the Borrower solely for the purpose of acquiring or carrying on a business, professional or

commercial activity, and not for personal, family or household purposes.

20. USA PATRIOT Act Notice.To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower that opens an account. What this means: when the Borrower opens an account, the Bank will ask for the business name, business address, taxpayer identifying number and other information that will allow the Bank to identify the Borrower, such as organizational documents. For some businesses and organizations, the Bank may also need to ask for identifying information and documentation relating to certain individuals associated with the business or organization.

21. Representation by Counsel.The Borrower hereby represents that it has been represented by competent counsel of its choice, or has knowingly waived its right to use and retain counsel, in the negotiation and execution of this Note and the other Loan Documents; that it has read and fully understood the terms hereof; that the Borrower and any retained counsel have been afforded an opportunity to review, negotiate and modify the terms of this Note and the other Loan Documents; and that it intends to be bound hereby. In accordance with the foregoing, the general rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities in a contract are to be resolved against the party drafting the contract shall not be employed in the construction and interpretation of this Note or any other Loan Document.

22. Authorization to Obtain Credit Reports.By signing below, each person, who is signing in his or her individual capacity, requests and provides written authorization to the Bank or its designee (and any assignee or potential assignee hereof) to obtain such individuals personal credit profile from one or more national credit bureaus. This authorization extends to obtaining a credit profile in (i) considering an application for credit that is evidenced, guaranteed or secured by this document, (ii) assessing creditworthiness and (iii) considering extensions of credit, including on an ongoing basis, as necessary for the purposes of (a) update, renewal or extension of such credit or additional credit, (b) reviewing, administering or collecting the resulting account and (c) reporting on the repayment and satisfaction of such credit obligations. By signing below, such individual further ratifies and confirms his or her prior requests and authorizations with respect to the matters set forth herein. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision does not apply to persons signing below in their capacities as officers or other authorized representatives of entities, organizations or governmental bodies.

9

23. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures and Records.This Note and any other Loan Document may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Borrower agrees that this Note, the Loan Documents, any amendments thereto, and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

24. Automatic Payment.If due to any act or omission of the Borrower or another Obligor the Bank cannot automatically deduct payments required under this Note or the other Loan Documents from a deposit account with the Bank (including due to the Borrowers revocation of its authorization to do so or failure to maintain such deposit account with the Bank or otherwise), the Bank may, at its option, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, increase the interest rate payable by the Borrower under this Note by 25 basis points (0.25%).

25. Depository.The Borrower will establish and maintain with the Bank the Borrowers primary depository accounts. If the Borrower fails to establish and/or maintain its primary depository accounts with the Bank, the Bank may, at its option, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower, increase the interest rate payable by the Borrower under this Note by up to 100 basis points (1.00%). The Banks right to increase the interest rate pursuant to this paragraph shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies the Bank may have under this Note, all of which are hereby reserved, and shall not constitute a waiver, release or limitation upon the Banks exercise of any such rights or remedies.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

10

24. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THE BORROWER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS NOTE, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.

The Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Note, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate.

WITNESS the due execution hereof as a document under seal, as of the date first written above, with the intent to be legally bound hereby

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Dina L. Masi

(SEAL)

Dina L. Masi, Chief Financial Officer

MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Riva Sheppard

(SEAL)

Riva Sheppard, President

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_803852.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4 SECURITY AGREEMENT AS OF APRIL 15, 2025 BETWEEN INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
ex_803852.htm

Exhibit 10.4

Security Agreement 

THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of April 15, 2025, is made by and between INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. (the Grantor), with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NJ 07205-2356, and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank), with an address at 150 Clove Rd, Little Falls, NJ 07424-2138.

Under the terms hereof, the Bank desires to obtain and the Grantor desires to grant the Bank security for all of the Obligations (as hereinafter defined).

NOW, THEREFORE, the Grantor and the Bank, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

(a) Collateral means all of the following property of the Grantor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, created, or existing, however the Grantors interest therein may arise or appear, and wherever located: (i) accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables and credit card receivables); (ii) securities entitlements, securities accounts, commodity accounts, commodity contracts and investment property; (iii) deposit accounts; (iv) instruments (including promissory notes); (v) documents (including warehouse receipts); (vi) chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper); (vii) inventory; (viii) goods of every nature, including stock-in-trade, goods on consignment, standing timber that is to be cut and removed under a conveyance or contract for sale, the unborn young of animals, crops grown, growing, or to be grown, manufactured homes, computer programs embedded in such goods and farm products; (ix) equipment; (x) fixtures; (xi) agricultural liens; (xii) as-extracted collateral; (xiii) commercial tort claims, if any, described on Exhibit A hereto (if an Exhibit A is attached); (xiv) letters of credit and letter of credit rights; (xv) general intangibles, of every kind and description, including payment intangibles, software, computer information, source codes, object codes, records and data, customer lists, choses in action, claims (including claims for indemnification or breach of warranty), books, records, patents and patent applications, copyrights, trademarks, tradenames, tradestyles, trademark applications, goodwill, blueprints, drawings, designs and plans, trade secrets, contracts, licenses, license agreements, formulas, tax and any other types of refunds, returned and unearned insurance premiums, and rights and claims under insurance policies; (xvi) supporting obligations for any of the foregoing property; (xvii) property of the Grantor now or hereafter in the Banks possession or in transit to or from, or under the custody or control of, the Bank or any affiliate thereof; (xviii) money, cash and cash equivalents; (xix) any and all other personal property and assets of the Grantor; and (xx) cash and noncash proceeds (including insurance proceeds) of any of the foregoing property, all products thereof and all additions and accessions thereto, substitutions therefor and replacements thereof. The Collateral shall also include any and all other tangible or intangible property that is described as being part of the Collateral pursuant to one or more Riders to Security Agreement that may be attached hereto or delivered in connection herewith.

(b) Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of the Grantor or of MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. to the Bank or to any other direct or indirect subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., of any kind or nature, present or future (including any interest accruing thereon after maturity, or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment or participation), absolute or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and whether or not (i) evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, (ii) arising under any agreement, instrument or document, (iii) for the payment of money, (iv) arising by reason of an extension of credit, opening of a letter of credit, loan, equipment lease or guarantee,

1

(v) under any interest rate, commodity or currency swap, future, option or other similar transaction or agreement, (vi) arising under or by reason of any foreign currency transaction, forward, option or other similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency, or in any other manner, or (vii) arising out of overdrafts on deposit or other accounts or out of electronic funds transfers (whether by wire transfer or through automated clearing houses or otherwise) or out of the return unpaid of, or other failure of the Bank to receive final payment for, any check, item, instrument, payment order or other deposit or credit to a deposit or other account, or out of the Banks nonreceipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made whole in connection with depository or other similar arrangements, or arising out of any other products, services or arrangements; and any amendments, restatements, extensions, renewals and increases of or to any of the foregoing loans, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties, and all costs and expenses of the Bank incurred in the documentation, negotiation, modification, enforcement, or collection thereof, or otherwise incurred in connection with any of the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

(c) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted and enacted and as in effect from time to time in the State whose law governs pursuant to the Section of this Agreement entitled Governing Law and Jurisdiction. Terms used herein which are defined in the UCC and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the UCC. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is modified by any amendment, modification or revision to the UCC, such modified definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision.

2. Grant of Security Interest.To secure the Obligations, the Grantor, as debtor, hereby assigns and grants to the Bank, as secured party, a continuing lien on and security interest in all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, to, and under the Collateral.

3. Change in Name or Locations.The Grantor hereby agrees that if the location of the Collateral changes from the locations listed on Exhibit A hereto and made part hereof, or if the Grantor changes its name, its type of organization, its state of organization (if Grantor is a registered organization), its principal residence (if Grantor is an individual), its chief executive office (if Grantor is a general partnership or non registered organization) or establishes a name in which it may do business that is not listed as a tradename on Exhibit A hereto, the Grantor shall immediately notify the Bank in writing of the additions or changes.

4. General Representations, Warranties and Covenants.The Grantor represents, warrants and covenants to the Bank that: (a) all information, including its type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, chief executive office, and (for individuals only) principal residence are as set forth on Exhibit A hereto and are true and correct on the date hereof, (b) if the Grantor is an individual, the Grantors name in this Agreement is identical to the Grantors name indicated on an unexpired drivers license issued to the Grantor by the state of the Grantors principal residence, and the Grantor shall continue to maintain such drivers license and notify the Bank of any changes in the Grantors name or the name indicated on such drivers license; (c) the Grantor has good, marketable and indefeasible title to the Collateral, has not made any prior sale, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of any of the Collateral, and the Collateral is free from all encumbrances and rights of setoff of any kind except the lien in favor of the Bank created by this Agreement and other liens consented to in writing by the Bank; (d) the Grantor shall defend the Collateral against all claims and demands of all persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein; and (e) the Obligations are not for personal, family, or household purposes.

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants for Certain Collateral.The Grantor represents, warrants and covenants to the Bank as follows:

(a) From time to time and at all reasonable times, the Grantor shall allow the Bank, by or through any of its officers, agents, attorneys, or accountants, to examine or inspect the Collateral, and obtain valuations and audits of the Collateral, at the Grantors expense, wherever located. The Grantor shall do, obtain, make, execute and deliver all such additional and further acts, things, deeds, assurances and instruments as the Bank may require to vest in and assure to the Bank its rights hereunder and in or to the Collateral, and the proceeds thereof, including waivers from landlords, warehousemen and mortgagees.

2

(b) The Grantor shall keep the Collateral in good order and repair at all times and immediately notify the Bank of any event causing a material loss or decline in value of the Collateral, whether or not covered by insurance, and the amount of such loss or depreciation.

(c) The Grantor shall only use or permit the Collateral to be used in accordance with all applicable federal, state, county and municipal laws and regulations.

(d) The Grantor shall have and maintain insurance at all times with respect to all Collateral against risks of fire (including so-called extended coverage), theft, sprinkler leakage, and other risks (including risk of flood if any Collateral is maintained at a location in a flood hazard zone) as the Bank may require, in such form, in such amount, for such period and written by such companies as may be satisfactory to the Bank in its sole discretion. Each such casualty insurance policy shall contain a standard Lenders Loss Payable Clause issued in favor of the Bank under which all losses thereunder shall be paid to the Bank as the Banks interest may appear. Such policies shall expressly provide that the requisite insurance cannot be altered or canceled without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Bank and shall insure the Bank notwithstanding the act or neglect of the Grantor. Upon the Banks demand, the Grantor shall furnish the Bank with duplicate original policies of insurance or such other evidence of insurance as the Bank may require. If the Grantor fails to provide insurance as herein required, the Bank may, at its option, obtain such insurance and the Grantor shall pay to the Bank, on demand, the cost thereof. Proceeds of insurance may be applied by the Bank to reduce the Obligations or to repair or replace Collateral, all in the Banks sole discretion.

(e) Each account and general intangible is genuine and enforceable in accordance with its terms, no such account or general intangible shall be subject to any claim for credit, allowance or adjustment by any account debtor or any setoff, defense or counterclaim, and the Grantor shall defend the same against all claims, demands, setoffs and counterclaims at any time asserted. At the time any account or general intangible becomes subject to this Agreement, such account or general intangible shall be a good and valid account representing a bona fide sale of goods or services by the Grantor and such goods shall have been shipped to the respective account debtors or the services shall have been performed for the respective account debtors.

(f) The Grantor agrees that the Bank has the right to notify (on invoices or otherwise) account debtors and other obligors or payors on any Collateral of its assignment to the Bank, and that all payments thereon should be made directly to the Bank.

(g) The Grantor shall, on the Banks demand, make notations on its books and records showing the Banks security interest and make available to the Bank shipping and delivery receipts evidencing the shipment of the goods that gave rise to an account, completion certificates or other proof of the satisfactory performance of services that gave rise to an account, a copy of the invoice for each account and copies of any written contract or order from which an account arose. The Grantor shall promptly notify the Bank if an account becomes evidenced or secured by an instrument or chattel paper and upon the Banks request, shall promptly deliver any such instrument or chattel paper to the Bank, including any letter of credit delivered to the Grantor to support a shipment of inventory by the Grantor.

(h) The Grantor shall promptly advise the Bank whenever an account debtor refuses to retain or returns any goods from the sale of which an account arose and shall comply with any instructions that the Bank may give regarding the sale or other disposition of such returns. From time to time with such frequency as the Bank may request, the Grantor shall report to the Bank all credits given to account debtors on all accounts.

(i) The Grantor shall immediately notify the Bank if any account arises out of contracts with the United States or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof, and shall execute any instruments and take any steps required by the Bank so that all monies due and to become due under such contract shall be assigned to the Bank and notice of the assignment given to and acknowledged by the appropriate government agency or authority under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act.

3

(j) At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and without notice to the Grantor, the Bank may direct any persons who are indebted to the Grantor on any Collateral consisting of accounts or general intangibles to make payment directly to the Bank of the amounts due, and the Bank may notify the United States Postal Service to send the Grantors mail to the Bank. The Bank is authorized to collect, compromise, endorse and sell any such Collateral in its own name or in the Grantors name and to give receipts to such account debtors for any such payments and the account debtors shall be protected in making such payments to the Bank. Upon the Banks written request, the Grantor shall establish with the Bank and maintain a lockbox account (Lockbox) with the Bank and a depository account(s) (Cash Collateral Account) with the Bank subject to the provisions of this subparagraph and such other related agreements as the Bank may require, and the Grantor shall notify its account debtors to remit payments directly to the Lockbox. Thereafter, funds collected in the Lockbox shall be transferred to the Cash Collateral Account, and funds in the Cash Collateral Account shall be applied by the Bank, daily, to reduce the outstanding Obligations.

6. Negative Pledge; No Transfer.Without the Banks prior written consent, the Grantor shall not sell or offer to sell or otherwise transfer (including, without limitation, any transfer resulting from a division of the Grantor into two or more entities) or grant or allow the imposition of a lien, security interest or right of setoff upon all or any part of the Collateral (except for sales of inventory and collections of accounts in the Grantors ordinary course of business), shall not allow any third party to gain control of all or any part of the Collateral, and shall not use any of the Collateral in any manner inconsistent with this Agreement or with the terms and conditions of any policy of insurance thereon.

7. Further Assurances. By its signature hereon, the Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to file or register against the Grantor one or more financing, continuation or amendment statements pursuant to the UCC or other applicable law in form satisfactory to the Bank, and the Grantor will pay the cost of preparing and filing or registering the same in all jurisdictions in which such filing is deemed by the Bank to be necessary or desirable in order to perfect, preserve and protect its security interests. If and when requested by the Bank from time to time, the Grantor will execute and deliver all documentation and take any and all other actions as the Bank deems reasonably necessary to establish, protect, or maintain the perfection or priority of its security interests in the Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if any Collateral consists of letter of credit rights, electronic chattel paper, or deposit accounts or supporting obligations maintained with third parties, or any securities entitlement, securities account, commodities account, commodities contract or other investment property, then at the Banks request the Grantor will execute and deliver, and will ensure that any relevant issuer, nominated person, depository institution, securities intermediary, commodity intermediary or other third party executes and delivers (as applicable), such pledge agreements, consents, control agreements and other agreements and documents as the Bank deems necessary in order to establish, protect, or maintain the perfection or priority of its security interest in such Collateral, in each case in a form satisfactory to the Bank.

8. Events of Default. The Grantor shall, at the Banks option, be in default under this Agreement upon the happening of any of the following events or conditions (each, an Event of Default): (a) any Event of Default (as defined in any of the Obligations); (b) any default under any of the Obligations that does not have a defined set of Events of Default and the lapse of any notice or cure period provided in such Obligations with respect to such default; (c) demand by the Bank under any of the Obligations that have a demand feature; (d) the failure by the Grantor to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement; (e) falsity, inaccuracy or material breach by the Grantor of any written warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to the Bank by or on behalf of the Grantor; (f) an uninsured material loss, theft, damage, or destruction to any of the Collateral, or the entry of any judgment against the Grantor or any lien against or the making of any levy, seizure or attachment of or on the Collateral; (g) the failure of the Bank to have a perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral; (h) any indication or evidence received by the Bank that the Grantor may have directly or indirectly been engaged in any type of activity which, in the Banks discretion, might result in the forfeiture of any property of the Grantor to any governmental entity, federal, state or local; or (i) if the Bank otherwise deems itself insecure.

4

9. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Bank may declare all Obligations secured hereby immediately due and payable and shall have, in addition to any remedies provided herein or by any applicable law or in equity, all the remedies of a secured party under the UCC. The Banks remedies include, but are not limited to, the right to (a) peaceably by its own means or with judicial assistance enter the Grantors premises and take possession of the Collateral without prior notice to the Grantor or the opportunity for a hearing, (b) render the Collateral unusable, (c) dispose of the Collateral on the Grantors premises, (d) require the Grantor to assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Bank at a place designated by the Bank, and (e) apply by appropriate judicial proceedings for appointment of a receiver for the Grantor or all or part of any Collateral or any assets of the Grantor. The Grantor agrees that the Bank has full power and authority to collect, compromise, endorse, sell or otherwise deal with the Collateral in its own name or that of the Grantor at any time upon an Event of Default. Unless the Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, the Bank will give the Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale thereof or of the time after which any private sale or any other intended disposition thereof is to be made. The requirements of commercially reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is sent to the Grantor at least ten (10) days before the time of the intended sale or disposition. Expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for disposition, disposing or the like shall include the Banks reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses, incurred or expended by the Bank to enforce any payment due it under this Agreement either as against the Grantor, or in the prosecution or defense of any action, or concerning any matter growing out of or connection with the subject matter of this Agreement and the Collateral pledged hereunder. The Grantor waives all relief from all appraisement or exemption laws now in force or hereafter enacted. Without limiting any other rights or remedies, the Grantor authorizes the Bank to engage in electronic self-help, as defined in and in accordance with the UCC or other applicable law.

10. Power of Attorney. The Grantor does hereby make, constitute and appoint any officer or agent of the Bank as the Grantors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power to (a) endorse the name of the Grantor or any of the Grantors officers or agents upon any notes, checks, drafts, money orders, or other instruments of payment or Collateral that may come into the Banks possession in full or part payment of any Obligations; (b) sue for, compromise, settle and release all claims and disputes with respect to, the Collateral; and (c) sign, for the Grantor, such documentation required by the UCC or any other laws regarding the creation, maintenance, perfection or priority of a security interest in collateral including, without limitation, motor vehicle titling laws, or supplemental intellectual property security agreements; granting to the Grantors said attorney full power to do any and all things necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully and effectually as the Grantor might or could do. The Grantor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest, and is irrevocable.

11. Payment of Expenses. At its option, the Bank may discharge taxes, liens, security interests or such other encumbrances as may attach to the Collateral, may pay for required insurance on the Collateral and may pay for the maintenance, appraisal or reappraisal, and preservation of the Collateral, as determined by the Bank to be necessary. The Grantor will reimburse the Bank on demand for any payment so made or any expense incurred by the Bank pursuant to the foregoing authorization, and the Collateral also will secure any advances or payments so made or expenses so incurred by the Bank.

12. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) and will be effective upon receipt. Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may separately agree. Without limiting the foregoing, first-class mail, postage prepaid, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices. In addition, the parties agree that Notices may be sent electronically to any electronic address provided by a party from time to time. Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth above or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this section.

5

13. Preservation of Rights. No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. The Banks rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which the Bank may have under other agreements, at law or in equity.

14. Illegality. If any provision contained in this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, it shall not affect or impair the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

15. Changes in Writing. No modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Grantor from, any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may modify this Agreement for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Bank shall send a copy of any such modification to the Grantor (which notice may be given by electronic mail). No notice to or demand on the Grantor will entitle the Grantor to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstance.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. Any party so executing this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall promptly deliver a manually executed counterpart, provided that any failure to do so shall not affect the validity of the counterpart executed by facsimile transmission.

18. Electronic Signatures and Records. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Grantor agrees that this Agreement, any other amendments thereto and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this Section may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

19. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Grantor and the Bank and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Grantor may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the Banks prior written consent and the Bank at any time may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.

20. Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the Bank and the Grantor otherwise agree in writing, the singular includes the plural and the plural the singular; words importing any gender include the other genders; references to statutes are to be construed as including all statutory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute referred to; the word or shall be deemed to include and/or, the words including, includes and include shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; references to articles, sections (or subdivisions of sections) or exhibits are to those of this Agreement; and references to agreements and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications to such instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. Section headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all accounting terms shall be interpreted and all accounting determinations shall be made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. If this Agreement is executed by more than one Grantor, the obligations of such persons or entities will be joint and several.

6

21. Indemnity. The Grantor agrees to indemnify each of the Bank, each legal entity, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Bank, and each of their respective directors, officers and employees (the Indemnified Parties), and to defend and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including all fees and charges of internal or external counsel with whom any Indemnified Party may consult and all expenses of litigation and preparation therefor) (each, a Claim) which any Indemnified Party may incur or which may be asserted against any Indemnified Party by any person, entity or governmental authority (including any person or entity claiming derivatively on behalf of the Grantor), in connection with or arising out of or relating to the matters referred to in this Agreement or the Obligations, whether (a) arising from or incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Grantor, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation, pending or threatened, whether based on statute, regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise, before any court or governmental authority; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Claim that is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment to have been solely attributable to an Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnity agreement contained in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement, payment of the Obligations and the assignment of any rights hereunder. The Grantor may participate at its expense in the defense of any such claim.

22. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State where the Banks office indicated above is located. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE WHERE THE BANKS OFFICE INDICATED ABOVE IS LOCATED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT (OR EQUIVALENT) IN SUCH STATE (OR, TO THE EXTENT CONTROLLING, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES IN GLOBAL AND NATIONAL COMMERCE ACT). The Grantor hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court in the county or judicial district where the Banks office indicated above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Agreement will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the Grantor individually, against any security or against any property of the Grantor within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Bank and the Grantor agree that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and the Grantor. The Grantor waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Agreement.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

7

23. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE GRANTOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THE BORROWER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS NOTE, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.

The Grantor acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Note, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate.

WITNESS the due execution hereof as a document under seal, as of the date first written above, with the intent to be legally bound hereby

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Dina L. Masi

(SEAL)

Dina L. Masi, Chief Financial Officer

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Mark Cassidy

(SEAL)

Mark Cassidy, Senior Vice President

8

EXHIBIT A

TO SECURITY AGREEMENT

1. Grantors form of organization (i.e., corporation, partnership, limited liability company):

corporation

2. Grantors State of organization, if a registered organization (i.e., corporation, limited partnership,

limited liability company):

Delaware

3. Grantors principal residence, if a natural person or general partnership:

N/A

4. Address of Grantors chief executive office:

225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NJ 07205-2356

5. Grantors organizational ID# (if any exists):

2538924

6. Address for books and records, if different:

7. Addresses of other Collateral locations, including Counties, for the past five (5) years:

8. Name and address of landlord or owner if location is not owned by the Grantor:

N/A

9. Other names or tradenames now or formerly used by the Grantor:

N/A

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex_803853.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5 SECURITY AGREEMENT AS OF APRIL 15, 2025 BETWEEN MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
ex_803853.htm

Exhibit 10.5

Security Agreement 

THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of April 15, 2025, is made by and between MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. (the Grantor), with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NJ 07205-2356, and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the Bank), with an address at 150 Clove Rd, Little Falls, NJ 07424-2138.

Under the terms hereof, the Bank desires to obtain and the Grantor desires to grant the Bank security for all of the Obligations (as hereinafter defined).

NOW, THEREFORE, the Grantor and the Bank, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

(a) Collateral means all of the following property of the Grantor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, created, or existing, however the Grantors interest therein may arise or appear, and wherever located: (i) accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables and credit card receivables); (ii) securities entitlements, securities accounts, commodity accounts, commodity contracts and investment property; (iii) deposit accounts; (iv) instruments (including promissory notes); (v) documents (including warehouse receipts); (vi) chattel paper (including electronic chattel paper and tangible chattel paper); (vii) inventory; (viii) goods of every nature, including stock-in-trade, goods on consignment, standing timber that is to be cut and removed under a conveyance or contract for sale, the unborn young of animals, crops grown, growing, or to be grown, manufactured homes, computer programs embedded in such goods and farm products; (ix) equipment; (x) fixtures; (xi) agricultural liens; (xii) as-extracted collateral; (xiii) commercial tort claims, if any, described on Exhibit A hereto (if an Exhibit A is attached); (xiv) letters of credit and letter of credit rights; (xv) general intangibles, of every kind and description, including payment intangibles, software, computer information, source codes, object codes, records and data, customer lists, choses in action, claims (including claims for indemnification or breach of warranty), books, records, patents and patent applications, copyrights, trademarks, tradenames, tradestyles, trademark applications, goodwill, blueprints, drawings, designs and plans, trade secrets, contracts, licenses, license agreements, formulas, tax and any other types of refunds, returned and unearned insurance premiums, and rights and claims under insurance policies; (xvi) supporting obligations for any of the foregoing property; (xvii) property of the Grantor now or hereafter in the Banks possession or in transit to or from, or under the custody or control of, the Bank or any affiliate thereof; (xviii) money, cash and cash equivalents; (xix) any and all other personal property and assets of the Grantor; and (xx) cash and noncash proceeds (including insurance proceeds) of any of the foregoing property, all products thereof and all additions and accessions thereto, substitutions therefor and replacements thereof. The Collateral shall also include any and all other tangible or intangible property that is described as being part of the Collateral pursuant to one or more Riders to Security Agreement that may be attached hereto or delivered in connection herewith.

(b) Obligations means all loans, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of the Grantor or of INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. to the Bank or to any other direct or indirect subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., of any kind or nature, present or future (including any interest accruing thereon after maturity, or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment or participation), absolute or contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and whether or not (i) evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, (ii) arising under any agreement, instrument or document, (iii) for the payment of money, (iv) arising by reason of an extension of credit, opening of a letter of credit, loan, equipment lease or guarantee,

1

(v) under any interest rate, commodity or currency swap, future, option or other similar transaction or agreement, (vi) arising under or by reason of any foreign currency transaction, forward, option or other similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency, or in any other manner, or (vii) arising out of overdrafts on deposit or other accounts or out of electronic funds transfers (whether by wire transfer or through automated clearing houses or otherwise) or out of the return unpaid of, or other failure of the Bank to receive final payment for, any check, item, instrument, payment order or other deposit or credit to a deposit or other account, or out of the Banks nonreceipt of or inability to collect funds or otherwise not being made whole in connection with depository or other similar arrangements, or arising out of any other products, services or arrangements; and any amendments, restatements, extensions, renewals and increases of or to any of the foregoing loans, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties, and all costs and expenses of the Bank incurred in the documentation, negotiation, modification, enforcement, or collection thereof, or otherwise incurred in connection with any of the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.

(c) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted and enacted and as in effect from time to time in the State whose law governs pursuant to the Section of this Agreement entitled Governing Law and Jurisdiction. Terms used herein which are defined in the UCC and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the UCC. To the extent the definition of any category or type of collateral is modified by any amendment, modification or revision to the UCC, such modified definition will apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or revision.

2. Grant of Security Interest.To secure the Obligations, the Grantor, as debtor, hereby assigns and grants to the Bank, as secured party, a continuing lien on and security interest in all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, to, and under the Collateral.

3. Change in Name or Locations.The Grantor hereby agrees that if the location of the Collateral changes from the locations listed on Exhibit A hereto and made part hereof, or if the Grantor changes its name, its type of organization, its state of organization (if Grantor is a registered organization), its principal residence (if Grantor is an individual), its chief executive office (if Grantor is a general partnership or non registered organization) or establishes a name in which it may do business that is not listed as a tradename on Exhibit A hereto, the Grantor shall immediately notify the Bank in writing of the additions or changes.

4. General Representations, Warranties and Covenants.The Grantor represents, warrants and covenants to the Bank that: (a) all information, including its type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, chief executive office, and (for individuals only) principal residence are as set forth on Exhibit A hereto and are true and correct on the date hereof, (b) if the Grantor is an individual, the Grantors name in this Agreement is identical to the Grantors name indicated on an unexpired drivers license issued to the Grantor by the state of the Grantors principal residence, and the Grantor shall continue to maintain such drivers license and notify the Bank of any changes in the Grantors name or the name indicated on such drivers license; (c) the Grantor has good, marketable and indefeasible title to the Collateral, has not made any prior sale, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of any of the Collateral, and the Collateral is free from all encumbrances and rights of setoff of any kind except the lien in favor of the Bank created by this Agreement and other liens consented to in writing by the Bank; (d) the Grantor shall defend the Collateral against all claims and demands of all persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein; and (e) the Obligations are not for personal, family, or household purposes.

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants for Certain Collateral.The Grantor represents, warrants and covenants to the Bank as follows:

(a) From time to time and at all reasonable times, the Grantor shall allow the Bank, by or through any of its officers, agents, attorneys, or accountants, to examine or inspect the Collateral, and obtain valuations and audits of the Collateral, at the Grantors expense, wherever located. The Grantor shall do, obtain, make, execute and deliver all such additional and further acts, things, deeds, assurances and instruments as the Bank may require to vest in and assure to the Bank its rights hereunder and in or to the Collateral, and the proceeds thereof, including waivers from landlords, warehousemen and mortgagees.

2

(b) The Grantor shall keep the Collateral in good order and repair at all times and immediately notify the Bank of any event causing a material loss or decline in value of the Collateral, whether or not covered by insurance, and the amount of such loss or depreciation.

(c) The Grantor shall only use or permit the Collateral to be used in accordance with all applicable federal, state, county and municipal laws and regulations.

(d) The Grantor shall have and maintain insurance at all times with respect to all Collateral against risks of fire (including so-called extended coverage), theft, sprinkler leakage, and other risks (including risk of flood if any Collateral is maintained at a location in a flood hazard zone) as the Bank may require, in such form, in such amount, for such period and written by such companies as may be satisfactory to the Bank in its sole discretion. Each such casualty insurance policy shall contain a standard Lenders Loss Payable Clause issued in favor of the Bank under which all losses thereunder shall be paid to the Bank as the Banks interest may appear. Such policies shall expressly provide that the requisite insurance cannot be altered or canceled without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Bank and shall insure the Bank notwithstanding the act or neglect of the Grantor. Upon the Banks demand, the Grantor shall furnish the Bank with duplicate original policies of insurance or such other evidence of insurance as the Bank may require. If the Grantor fails to provide insurance as herein required, the Bank may, at its option, obtain such insurance and the Grantor shall pay to the Bank, on demand, the cost thereof. Proceeds of insurance may be applied by the Bank to reduce the Obligations or to repair or replace Collateral, all in the Banks sole discretion.

(e) Each account and general intangible is genuine and enforceable in accordance with its terms, no such account or general intangible shall be subject to any claim for credit, allowance or adjustment by any account debtor or any setoff, defense or counterclaim, and the Grantor shall defend the same against all claims, demands, setoffs and counterclaims at any time asserted. At the time any account or general intangible becomes subject to this Agreement, such account or general intangible shall be a good and valid account representing a bona fide sale of goods or services by the Grantor and such goods shall have been shipped to the respective account debtors or the services shall have been performed for the respective account debtors.

(f) The Grantor agrees that the Bank has the right to notify (on invoices or otherwise) account debtors and other obligors or payors on any Collateral of its assignment to the Bank, and that all payments thereon should be made directly to the Bank.

(g) The Grantor shall, on the Banks demand, make notations on its books and records showing the Banks security interest and make available to the Bank shipping and delivery receipts evidencing the shipment of the goods that gave rise to an account, completion certificates or other proof of the satisfactory performance of services that gave rise to an account, a copy of the invoice for each account and copies of any written contract or order from which an account arose. The Grantor shall promptly notify the Bank if an account becomes evidenced or secured by an instrument or chattel paper and upon the Banks request, shall promptly deliver any such instrument or chattel paper to the Bank, including any letter of credit delivered to the Grantor to support a shipment of inventory by the Grantor.

(h) The Grantor shall promptly advise the Bank whenever an account debtor refuses to retain or returns any goods from the sale of which an account arose and shall comply with any instructions that the Bank may give regarding the sale or other disposition of such returns. From time to time with such frequency as the Bank may request, the Grantor shall report to the Bank all credits given to account debtors on all accounts.

(i) The Grantor shall immediately notify the Bank if any account arises out of contracts with the United States or any department, agency or instrumentality thereof, and shall execute any instruments and take any steps required by the Bank so that all monies due and to become due under such contract shall be assigned to the Bank and notice of the assignment given to and acknowledged by the appropriate government agency or authority under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act.

3

(j) At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and without notice to the Grantor, the Bank may direct any persons who are indebted to the Grantor on any Collateral consisting of accounts or general intangibles to make payment directly to the Bank of the amounts due, and the Bank may notify the United States Postal Service to send the Grantors mail to the Bank. The Bank is authorized to collect, compromise, endorse and sell any such Collateral in its own name or in the Grantors name and to give receipts to such account debtors for any such payments and the account debtors shall be protected in making such payments to the Bank. Upon the Banks written request, the Grantor shall establish with the Bank and maintain a lockbox account (Lockbox) with the Bank and a depository account(s) (Cash Collateral Account) with the Bank subject to the provisions of this subparagraph and such other related agreements as the Bank may require, and the Grantor shall notify its account debtors to remit payments directly to the Lockbox. Thereafter, funds collected in the Lockbox shall be transferred to the Cash Collateral Account, and funds in the Cash Collateral Account shall be applied by the Bank, daily, to reduce the outstanding Obligations.

6. Negative Pledge; No Transfer.Without the Banks prior written consent, the Grantor shall not sell or offer to sell or otherwise transfer (including, without limitation, any transfer resulting from a division of the Grantor into two or more entities) or grant or allow the imposition of a lien, security interest or right of setoff upon all or any part of the Collateral (except for sales of inventory and collections of accounts in the Grantors ordinary course of business), shall not allow any third party to gain control of all or any part of the Collateral, and shall not use any of the Collateral in any manner inconsistent with this Agreement or with the terms and conditions of any policy of insurance thereon.

7. Further Assurances. By its signature hereon, the Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to file or register against the Grantor one or more financing, continuation or amendment statements pursuant to the UCC or other applicable law in form satisfactory to the Bank, and the Grantor will pay the cost of preparing and filing or registering the same in all jurisdictions in which such filing is deemed by the Bank to be necessary or desirable in order to perfect, preserve and protect its security interests. If and when requested by the Bank from time to time, the Grantor will execute and deliver all documentation and take any and all other actions as the Bank deems reasonably necessary to establish, protect, or maintain the perfection or priority of its security interests in the Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if any Collateral consists of letter of credit rights, electronic chattel paper, or deposit accounts or supporting obligations maintained with third parties, or any securities entitlement, securities account, commodities account, commodities contract or other investment property, then at the Banks request the Grantor will execute and deliver, and will ensure that any relevant issuer, nominated person, depository institution, securities intermediary, commodity intermediary or other third party executes and delivers (as applicable), such pledge agreements, consents, control agreements and other agreements and documents as the Bank deems necessary in order to establish, protect, or maintain the perfection or priority of its security interest in such Collateral, in each case in a form satisfactory to the Bank.

8. Events of Default. The Grantor shall, at the Banks option, be in default under this Agreement upon the happening of any of the following events or conditions (each, an Event of Default): (a) any Event of Default (as defined in any of the Obligations); (b) any default under any of the Obligations that does not have a defined set of Events of Default and the lapse of any notice or cure period provided in such Obligations with respect to such default; (c) demand by the Bank under any of the Obligations that have a demand feature; (d) the failure by the Grantor to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement; (e) falsity, inaccuracy or material breach by the Grantor of any written warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to the Bank by or on behalf of the Grantor; (f) an uninsured material loss, theft, damage, or destruction to any of the Collateral, or the entry of any judgment against the Grantor or any lien against or the making of any levy, seizure or attachment of or on the Collateral; (g) the failure of the Bank to have a perfected first priority security interest in the Collateral; (h) any indication or evidence received by the Bank that the Grantor may have directly or indirectly been engaged in any type of activity which, in the Banks discretion, might result in the forfeiture of any property of the Grantor to any governmental entity, federal, state or local; or (i) if the Bank otherwise deems itself insecure.

4

9. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Bank may declare all Obligations secured hereby immediately due and payable and shall have, in addition to any remedies provided herein or by any applicable law or in equity, all the remedies of a secured party under the UCC. The Banks remedies include, but are not limited to, the right to (a) peaceably by its own means or with judicial assistance enter the Grantors premises and take possession of the Collateral without prior notice to the Grantor or the opportunity for a hearing, (b) render the Collateral unusable, (c) dispose of the Collateral on the Grantors premises, (d) require the Grantor to assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Bank at a place designated by the Bank, and (e) apply by appropriate judicial proceedings for appointment of a receiver for the Grantor or all or part of any Collateral or any assets of the Grantor. The Grantor agrees that the Bank has full power and authority to collect, compromise, endorse, sell or otherwise deal with the Collateral in its own name or that of the Grantor at any time upon an Event of Default. Unless the Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, the Bank will give the Grantor reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale thereof or of the time after which any private sale or any other intended disposition thereof is to be made. The requirements of commercially reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is sent to the Grantor at least ten (10) days before the time of the intended sale or disposition. Expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for disposition, disposing or the like shall include the Banks reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses, incurred or expended by the Bank to enforce any payment due it under this Agreement either as against the Grantor, or in the prosecution or defense of any action, or concerning any matter growing out of or connection with the subject matter of this Agreement and the Collateral pledged hereunder. The Grantor waives all relief from all appraisement or exemption laws now in force or hereafter enacted. Without limiting any other rights or remedies, the Grantor authorizes the Bank to engage in electronic self-help, as defined in and in accordance with the UCC or other applicable law.

10. Power of Attorney. The Grantor does hereby make, constitute and appoint any officer or agent of the Bank as the Grantors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power to (a) endorse the name of the Grantor or any of the Grantors officers or agents upon any notes, checks, drafts, money orders, or other instruments of payment or Collateral that may come into the Banks possession in full or part payment of any Obligations; (b) sue for, compromise, settle and release all claims and disputes with respect to, the Collateral; and (c) sign, for the Grantor, such documentation required by the UCC or any other laws regarding the creation, maintenance, perfection or priority of a security interest in collateral including, without limitation, motor vehicle titling laws, or supplemental intellectual property security agreements; granting to the Grantors said attorney full power to do any and all things necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully and effectually as the Grantor might or could do. The Grantor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest, and is irrevocable.

11. Payment of Expenses. At its option, the Bank may discharge taxes, liens, security interests or such other encumbrances as may attach to the Collateral, may pay for required insurance on the Collateral and may pay for the maintenance, appraisal or reappraisal, and preservation of the Collateral, as determined by the Bank to be necessary. The Grantor will reimburse the Bank on demand for any payment so made or any expense incurred by the Bank pursuant to the foregoing authorization, and the Collateral also will secure any advances or payments so made or expenses so incurred by the Bank.

12. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) and will be effective upon receipt. Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may separately agree. Without limiting the foregoing, first-class mail, postage prepaid, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices. In addition, the parties agree that Notices may be sent electronically to any electronic address provided by a party from time to time. Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth above or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this section.

5

13. Preservation of Rights. No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. The Banks rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies which the Bank may have under other agreements, at law or in equity.

14. Illegality. If any provision contained in this Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, it shall not affect or impair the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

15. Changes in Writing. No modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Grantor from, any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may modify this Agreement for the purposes of completing missing content or correcting erroneous content, without the need for a written amendment, provided that the Bank shall send a copy of any such modification to the Grantor (which notice may be given by electronic mail). No notice to or demand on the Grantor will entitle the Grantor to any other or further notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstance.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein)

constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterpart copies and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, but all such copies shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. Any party so executing this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall promptly deliver a manually executed counterpart, provided that any failure to do so shall not affect the validity of the counterpart executed by facsimile transmission.

18. Electronic Signatures and Records. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Grantor agrees that this Agreement, any other amendments thereto and any other information, notice, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this Section may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

19. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Grantor and the Bank and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Grantor may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the Banks prior written consent and the Bank at any time may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.

20. Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the Bank and the Grantor otherwise agree in writing, the singular includes the plural and the plural the singular; words importing any gender include the other genders; references to statutes are to be construed as including all statutory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute referred to; the word or shall be deemed to include and/or, the words including, includes and include shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; references to articles, sections (or subdivisions of sections) or exhibits are to those of this Agreement; and references to agreements and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications to such instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. Section headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all accounting terms shall be interpreted and all accounting determinations shall be made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. If this Agreement is executed by more than one Grantor, the obligations of such persons or entities will be joint and several.

6

21. Indemnity. The Grantor agrees to indemnify each of the Bank, each legal entity, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Bank, and each of their respective directors, officers and employees (the Indemnified Parties), and to defend and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including all fees and charges of internal or external counsel with whom any Indemnified Party may consult and all expenses of litigation and preparation therefor) (each, a Claim) which any Indemnified Party may incur or which may be asserted against any Indemnified Party by any person, entity or governmental authority (including any person or entity claiming derivatively on behalf of the Grantor), in connection with or arising out of or relating to the matters referred to in this Agreement or the Obligations, whether (a) arising from or incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Grantor, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation, pending or threatened, whether based on statute, regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise, before any court or governmental authority; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Claim that is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment to have been solely attributable to an Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnity agreement contained in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement, payment of the Obligations and the assignment of any rights hereunder. The Grantor may participate at its expense in the defense of any such claim.

22. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State where the Banks office indicated above is located. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE WHERE THE BANKS OFFICE INDICATED ABOVE IS LOCATED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT (OR EQUIVALENT) IN SUCH STATE (OR, TO THE EXTENT CONTROLLING, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES IN GLOBAL AND NATIONAL COMMERCE ACT). The Grantor hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court in the county or judicial district where the Banks office indicated above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Agreement will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment or exercising any rights against the Grantor individually, against any security or against any property of the Grantor within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Bank and the Grantor agree that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and the Grantor. The Grantor waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Agreement.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

7

23. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE GRANTOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THE BORROWER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS NOTE, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN ANY OF SUCH DOCUMENTS. THE BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.

The Grantor acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Note, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate.

WITNESS the due execution hereof as a document under seal, as of the date first written above, with the intent to be legally bound hereby

MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Riva Sheppard

(SEAL)

Riva Sheppard, President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Mark Cassidy

(SEAL)

Mark Cassidy, Senior Vice President

8

EXHIBIT A

TO SECURITY AGREEMENT

1. Grantors form of organization (i.e., corporation, partnership, limited liability company):

corporation

2. Grantors State of organization, if a registered organization (i.e., corporation, limited partnership,

limited liability company):

New Jersey

3. Grantors principal residence, if a natural person or general partnership:

N/A

4. Address of Grantors chief executive office:

225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NJ 07205-2356

5. Grantors organizational ID# (if any exists):

0101052465

6. Address for books and records, if different:

7. Addresses of other Collateral locations, including Counties, for the past five (5) years:

8. Name and address of landlord or owner if location is not owned by the Grantor:

N/A

9. Other names or tradenames now or formerly used by the Grantor:

N/A

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex_803854.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6 LETTER OF CREDIT - REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT AS OF APRIL 15, 2025 BETWEEN INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. AND MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC. AND PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
ex_803854.htm

Exhibit 10.6

Reimbursement Agreement for Standby and Commercial Letter(s) of Credit 

THIS REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT FOR STANDBY AND COMMERCIAL LETTER(S) OF CREDIT (this Agreement) is made as of April 15, 2025, by INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC., with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 and MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC., with an address at 225 LONG AVE, STE 15, HILLSIDE, NEW JERSEY 07205-2356 (individually and collectively, the Obligor), in favor of PNC Bank, National Association (the Bank) and any Bank Affiliate (as hereinafter defined), with an address at 150 Clove Rd, Little Falls, NJ 07424-2138. From time to time by submitting an application in a form approved by the Bank (an Application), the Obligor or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates may request the issuance of one or more letters of credit (each, a Credit). The Bank or any Bank Affiliate may issue any such Credit, but they shall have no obligation to do so unless otherwise agreed in writing. The Obligor agrees that the following terms and conditions shall apply to any Credit:

1. Definitions and Interpretation. (a) In addition to terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement:

Bank means the Bank or any Bank Affiliate that issues a Credit;

Bank Affiliate means (i) any direct or indirect subsidiary of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., including without limitation PNC Bank Canada Branch, or (ii) any correspondent;

Base Rate means the highest of (A) the Prime Rate, (B) the sum of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate plus 50 basis points (0.50%), and (C) the sum of Daily Simple SOFR plus 100 basis points (1.00%), so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful; provided, however, if the Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Such rate shall be subject to adjustment as of each Business Day based on changes to any applicable rates or indices described herein, without notice to the Obligor;

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (and, if PNC Bank Canada Branch has issued any Credit, Toronto, Ontario, Canada), or any other city of which the Bank may give the Obligor notice from time to time, are authorized or required by law to close; provided that, when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination involving SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day;

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), the interest rate per annum determined by the Bank by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Banks discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date) that is 2 Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the NYFRB, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the NYFRB or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than zero, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date,

1

then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR; provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Obligor, effective on the date of any such change;

Dollar Equivalent means, with respect to an amount due in any currency other than U.S. dollars, as of any date of determination, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount of such sums due in such currency as determined by the Bank in accordance with its usual procedures on the basis of its spot rate for the purchase of such currency with U.S. Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m., Prevailing Time, plus all actual costs of settlement, including amounts incurred by the Bank to comply with currency exchange requirements of any Official Body;

ISP98 means the International Standby Practices 1998, and any subsequent official revision thereof;

Law means any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award, or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, of any Official Body, foreign or domestic;

Nonstandard Credit means a Credit issued in a form that includes any provision that does not conform to standard letter of credit practice as determined by the Bank in its sole discretion;

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York;

Official Body means the government of the United States of America or of any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing);

Order means any of the following, issued by the Bank at the Obligors request: an air delivery order issued to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a steamship agent or carrier, or any document or instrument of like import;

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Bank for the purpose of displaying such rate); provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, such rate shall be a comparable replacement rate determined by the Bank at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If and when the Overnight Bank Funding Rate as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on the Overnight Bank Funding Rate will change automatically without notice to the Obligor, effective on the date of any such change;

2

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Official Body, or other entity;

Prevailing Time means the prevailing time in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (or any other city of which the Bank may have given the Obligor notice) on the date in question;

Prime Rate means the rate publicly announced by the Bank from time to time as its prime rate. The Prime Rate is determined from time to time by the Bank as a means of pricing some loans to its borrowers. The Prime Rate is not tied to any external rate of interest or index and does not necessarily reflect the lowest rate of interest actually charged by the Bank to any particular class or category of customers;

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate);

SOFR Reserve Percentage means, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding;

Taxes means all taxes, fees, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings of any kind (other than taxes on the Banks net income);

UCP means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time a Credit is issued; and

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (A) a Saturday or Sunday or (B) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

(b) By submitting an Application to the Bank, the Obligor agrees that a Credit may be issued by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate, as designated by the Bank, unless otherwise agreed, and this Agreement shall be enforceable by the Bank or any such Bank Affiliate. If this Agreement is signed by more than one Obligor, each shall be deemed to make to the Bank all the representations, warranties and covenants contained herein, and each shall be jointly and severally liable hereunder. Any reference herein to this Agreement, an Application, a Credit, or any other instrument, agreement or document related hereto or thereto shall be deemed to refer to all amendments, modifications, extensions and renewals hereof and thereof. Determinations made by the Bank pursuant to the terms hereof shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

2. Payments. (a) The Obligor will pay to the Bank all amounts to be paid by the Bank with respect to, or on account of, each draft or other payment demand made under a Credit no later than 10 a.m., Prevailing Time, on the date such payment is to be made by the Bank, or such earlier time as the Bank may reasonably require. If a Credit calls for the delivery by the Bank of an item other than money, the Obligor shall deliver or cause to be delivered such item to the Bank at such time, in advance of the time the Bank is to deliver such item, as the Bank may reasonably require.

(b) The Obligor agrees to be primarily liable for payment to the Bank of all amounts to be paid by the Bank with respect to, or on account of, any Credit issued by the Bank at the request of any subsidiary or affiliate of the Obligor. The Obligor authorizes the Bank to accept Applications from the Obligors subsidiaries and affiliates.

3

(c) The Obligor will pay to the Bank upon receipt of the Banks invoice therefor (i) interest on all amounts payable to the Bank hereunder from the date due to the date of payment as follows: (A) if the applicable Credit is issued under a committed or discretionary line of credit extended by the Bank, at the applicable rate set forth in the note or any other document evidencing or governing the obligation of the Obligor (or its parent or affiliate) to repay advances under such line of credit, or (B) if the applicable Credit is not issued under such a line of credit, or if there is no such note or other document establishing such rate, at the Base Rate plus ______% (or, if the preceding blank is not completed, at the Base Rate plus 4%); provided that in no event shall the Obligor pay interest in excess of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law; (ii) the Banks fees as separately agreed to by the Obligor and the Bank; (iii) the customary commissions and other charges regularly charged by the Bank for letters of credit; and (iv) all charges and expenses paid or incurred by the Bank or any of its correspondents in connection with this Agreement or any Credit, including all reasonable legal fees and expenses, whether of internal or external counsel to the Bank. All periodic interest, fees and commissions shall be calculated on the basis of the actual days elapsed in a 360-day year, and interest shall continue to accrue at the applicable rate set forth herein whether or not a default exists or a judgment has been entered.

(d) All amounts payable hereunder by the Obligor shall be paid to the Bank at its address set forth above or at such other place as the Bank may give notice from time to time, in immediately available funds in the currency specified by the Bank, without setoff, defense, recoupment, deduction, cross-claim or counterclaim of any kind; and free and clear of, and without deduction for, any present or future Taxes. If the Bank or the Obligor pays any Taxes, whether or not correctly or legally assessed, the amounts payable hereunder shall be increased so that, after the payment of such Taxes, the Bank shall have received an amount equal to the sum the Bank would have received had no such Taxes been paid. If any amount payable hereunder is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the Obligor shall make payment in such currency or, at the Banks option, shall pay the Dollar Equivalent thereof. To effect any payment due hereunder, the Bank may debit any account that the Obligor may have with the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.

3. Nature of Obligations. (a) The Obligors obligations to the Bank under this Agreement are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid and performed in accordance with the terms hereof irrespective of any act, omission, event or condition, including, without limitation (i) the form of, any lack of power or authority of any signer of, or the lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) any draft, demand, document, certificate or instrument presented in connection with any Credit, or any fraud or alleged fraud in connection with any Credit, any obligation underlying any Credit, or the transport of any property relating to a Credit, in each case, even if the Bank or any of its correspondents have been notified thereof; (ii) any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by the Obligor or the Bank against any beneficiary of a Credit, or the existence of any claim, setoff, recoupment, counterclaim, crossclaim, defense, or other right that the Obligor may at any time have against any beneficiary, any successor beneficiary, any transferee or assignee of the proceeds of a Credit, the Bank or any correspondent or agent of the Bank, or any other Person, however arising; (iii) any acts or omissions by, or the solvency of, any beneficiary of any Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property relating to a Credit; (iv) any failure by the Bank to issue any Credit in the form requested by the Obligor, unless the Bank receives written notice from the Obligor of such failure within three Business Days after the Bank shall have furnished the Obligor (by facsimile transmission or otherwise) a copy of such Credit and such error is material; and (v) any action or omission (including failure or compulsion to honor a presentation under any Credit) by the Bank or any of its correspondents in connection with a Credit, draft or other demand for payment, document, or any property relating to a Credit, and resulting from any censorship, law, regulation, order, control, restriction, or the like, rightfully or wrongly exercised by any de facto or de jure Official Body, or from any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Bank or any of its correspondents, or for any loss or damage to the Obligor or to anyone else, or to any property of the Obligor or anyone else, resulting from any such action or omission.

4

(b) The Bank is authorized to (i) honor any presentation under a Credit without regard to, and without any duty on the Banks part to inquire into, any transaction or obligation underlying such Credit, or any disputes or controversies between the Obligor and any beneficiary of a Credit, or any other Person, notwithstanding that the Bank may have assisted the Obligor in the preparation of the wording of any Credit or documents required to be presented thereunder or that the Bank may be aware of any underlying transaction or obligation or be familiar with any of the parties thereto; and (ii) accept or pay, as complying under the terms of the Credit, any drafts, certificates or other documents requesting payment that are signed or issued by an administrator, executor, heir, successor, assign, trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver, agent, attorney in fact or other representative of any beneficiary.

(c) The Obligor agrees that any action or omission by the Bank or any of its correspondents in connection with any Credit or presentation thereunder shall be binding on the Obligor and shall not result in any liability of the Bank or any of its correspondents to the Obligor in the absence of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Bank. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Bank and each of its correspondents (i) may rely on any oral or other communication believed in good faith by the Bank or such correspondent to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the Obligor; (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the relevant Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest paid by the Bank; (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being separately delivered), and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Credit; (v) is authorized (but shall not be required) to disregard any non documentary condition stated in a Credit; (vi) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place where such bank is located; and (vii) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on the Bank in any way related to an Order or a Nonstandard Credit, and honor any drawing in connection with any (A) Nonstandard Credit or (B) Credit that is the subject of an Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in connection with such Credit described in (A) or (B) in this sentence fail to conform in any way with such Credit. In no event shall the Bank be liable to the Obligor for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Credit.

(d) The Obligor acknowledges that the rights and obligations of the Bank under a Credit are independent of the existence, performance or nonperformance of any contract or arrangement underlying such Credit, including contracts or arrangements between the Obligor and the beneficiary of the Credit and between the Obligor and the Bank. The Bank shall have no duty to notify the Obligor of its receipt of a demand or draft, certificate or other document presented under a Credit, or of its decision to honor such demand. The Bank may, without incurring any liability to the Obligor or impairing its entitlement to reimbursement under this Agreement, honor a demand under a Credit despite notice from the Obligor of, and without any duty to inquire into, any defense to payment or any adverse claims or other rights against the beneficiary of the Credit or any other Person. The Bank shall have no duty to request or require the presentation of any document, including any default certificate, not required to be presented under the terms and conditions of a Credit. The Bank shall have no duty to seek any waiver of discrepancies from the Obligor, nor any duty to grant any waiver of discrepancies that the Obligor approves or requests. The Bank shall have no duty to extend the expiration date or term of a Credit or to issue a replacement letter of credit on or before the expiration date of a Credit or the end of such term.

5

(e) If, at the Obligors request or direction, the Bank issues a Credit (i) for the benefit of a beneficiary or its successors and/or assigns which is not governed by ISP98, or (ii) in transferable form, the Bank shall have no duty to determine the proper identity of any Person claiming to be a beneficiarys successor and/or assign or appearing in a transfer request, draft or other document as a successor or assign, transferor or transferee, nor shall the Bank be responsible for the validity, appropriateness or correctness of any transfer.

(f) The Bank is not obligated to recognize an assignment of proceeds of Credit unless and until the Bank consents to such assignment and the assignee acknowledges such assignment in writing; and except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Bank shall not be obligated to give or withhold its consent to an assignment of proceeds of a Credit. However, if the Bank consents to an assignment of proceeds of a Credit, the Bank shall have no duty to determine the proper identity of anyone appearing to be the assignor or assignee, nor shall the Bank be responsible for the validity, appropriateness or correctness of any such assignment.

(g) This Agreement shall be binding upon the Obligor with respect to any extension or modification of a Credit made at the Obligors request or with the Obligors consent. The Obligors obligations under this Agreement shall not be reduced or impaired in any way by any agreement by the Bank and the beneficiary of a Credit extending the Banks time to honor or give notice of discrepancies and any such agreement shall be binding on the Obligor.

(h) The Obligors failure to object to any document within 15 calendar days of receipt thereof, or acceptance or retention of any documents presented under or in connection with the Credit (including originals or copies of documents sent directly to the Obligor or any designee of the Obligor), or acceptance or retention of any property for which payment is supported by the Credit, shall ratify the Banks honor of the documents and absolutely preclude the Obligor from raising a defense or claim with respect to the Banks honor of the relevant presentation.

(i) If the Obligor or any other Person seeks to delay or enjoin the honor by the Bank of a presentation under a Credit, the Bank shall have no obligation to delay or refuse to honor the presentation until validly so ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.

4. Setoff and Security. As collateral security for the due payment and performance of the Obligorsobligations to the Bank hereunder and otherwise, whether such obligations are absolute or contingent and exist now or arise after the date hereof, the Obligor grants to the Bank a contractual possessory security interest in, an unqualified right to possession and disposition of, and a contractual right of setoff against, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by Law (a) all property relating to any Credit, and all drafts, payment demands, transport documents, warehouse receipts, documents of title, policies or certificates of insurance and other documents relating to any Credit; (b) property in the possession of, on deposit with, or in transit to, the Bank or any Bank Affiliate, now or hereafter, regardless of how obtained or held (whether in a general or special account or deposit, jointly or with someone else, in safekeeping, or otherwise, excluding, however, IRA, Keogh, and trust accounts); and (c) the proceeds (including insurance proceeds) of each of the above (collectively, the Collateral). On demand by the Bank, the Obligor will transfer to the Banks possession and control any Collateral not then in the Banks possession or control. The Banks rights with respect to the Collateral may be exercised without demand on or notice to the Obligor. The Bank is hereby appointed attorney-in-fact for the Obligor and authorized to execute and file on behalf of the Obligor financing statements and other instruments to perfect the right of the Bank in all or any part of the Collateral, and to take such action as the Bank may deem necessary to register in the name of the Bank or its nominee, or otherwise to transfer, all or any part of the Collateral. The Obligor waives mutuality and maturity of debt in connection with such right of setoff. The Obligor agrees from time to time to deliver to the Bank, on demand, such further agreements and instruments, and such additional security, as the Bank may require to secure, or further secure, the Obligors obligations hereunder.

6

If any Collateral is released tothe Obligor or its order, the Obligor shall execute and deliver to the Bank such trust receipts or other security agreements as the Bank may require. In addition, if the Bank, at the Obligors request and in the Banks discretion, delivers to the Obligor or its order any of the Collateral that is the subject of a Credit before the Bank honors a presentment under such Credit, or if the Bank agrees to expedite the delivery of such Collateral prior to the arrival of the pertinent documents, the Obligor authorizes the Bank to honor any presentment under such Credit notwithstanding any discrepancies therein. In the event a Credit expires at a place other than the Banks counters, the Bank will not release Collateral pertaining to such Credit until 31 days after such Credit has expired.

5. Representations, Warranties, Covenants. The Obligor represents, warrants, and covenants as of the date of this Agreement, and as of the date of the issuance or amendment of each Credit hereunder, and at all times that any obligations exist hereunder, that:

(a) 

if not a natural person, the Obligor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and duly qualified to do business in those jurisdictions in which its ownership of property or the nature of its business activities makes such qualification necessary;

(b) 

the Obligor has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; and all such action has been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on the Obligors part, and neither now nor hereafter shall contravene or result in a breach of any organizational document of the Obligor, any agreement, document, or instrument binding on the Obligor or its property, or any Law, or require any notice, filing, or other action to or by any Official Body;

(c) 

all financial statements and other information received from the Obligor by the Bank prior to the date hereof fairly and accurately present its financial condition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and no material adverse change has occurred in the Obligors financial condition or business operations since the date thereof;

(d) 

there are no actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Obligor, threatened against the Obligor which could result in a material adverse change in its financial condition or business operations;

(e) 

the Obligor will promptly submit to the Bank such information relating to the Obligors affairs as the Bank may reasonably request, including but not limited to annual financial statements, and such other information and documentation as may be reasonably requested by the Bank from time to time for purposes of compliance by the Bank with applicable Laws (including without limitation the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act) and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations) and any policy or procedure implemented by the Bank to comply therewith;

(f) 

if the Obligor is or was required to execute and deliver to the Bank a Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) (individually and collectively, as updated from time to time, the Certification of Beneficial Owners), the information in the Certification of Beneficial Owners is true, complete and correct as of the date hereof and the date on which each updated Certification of Beneficial Owners is provided to the Bank, and the Obligor will provide confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the Certification of Beneficial Owners, and deliver a new Certification of Beneficial Owners in form and substance acceptable to the Bank, as and when requested by the Bank and/or when any individual identified as a controlling party and/or a direct or indirect individual owner on the most recent Certification of Beneficial Owners provided to the Bank has changed;

7

(g) 

the Obligor will provide prompt written notice to the Bank of the occurrence of any of the following (together with a description of the action which the Obligor proposes to take with respect thereto): (i) any Event of Default (as hereinafter defined) or any event, act or condition which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Event of Default (a Default), (ii) any litigation filed by or against the Obligor, or (iii) any event which might result in a material adverse change in the business, assets, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operation of the Obligor;

(h) 

the Obligor and each transaction and obligation underlying each Credit are and shall remain in compliance with all Laws, including, without limitation, foreign exchange control, United States foreign assets control, and currency reporting laws and regulations, now or hereafter applicable, and the Obligor will procure all licenses, and comply with all formalities, necessary for the import, export and transport of any property relating to a Credit;

(i) 

the Obligor will keep the Collateral insured in amounts, against risks and with insurers satisfactory to the Bank and, at the option of the Bank, assign the policies or certificates of such insurance to the Bank or make loss payable to the Bank (the Bank reserving the right to procure additional insurance at the Obligors expense if the Bank deems any insurance procured by the Obligor to be insufficient);

(j) 

the Obligor will take all steps necessary to preserve the Collateral, including, without limitation, any steps necessary to preserve rights against other parties;

(k) 

the Obligor will deliver to the relevant transport agent or carrier, upon receipt, any transport documents received by the Obligor covering goods that are the subject of an Order, duly endorsed by all required parties, and deliver to the Bank at the same time a release of the Banks obligations with respect to such Order; and

(l) 

(i) each Covered Entity (defined below), and its directors and officers, and each employee, agent or (to its knowledge) affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity: (A) is not a Sanctioned Person (defined below); (B) does not do any business in or with, or derive any of its operating income from direct or indirect investments in or transactions involving, any Sanctioned Jurisdiction (defined below) or Sanctioned Person; and (C) is not in violation of, and has not, during the past five (5) years, directly or indirectly, taken any act that could cause any Covered Entity to be in violation of, applicable International Trade Laws (defined below) or Anti-Corruption Laws (defined below);

(ii) no Covered Entity nor any of its directors, officers, employees, or to the knowledge of the Obligor, any agents or affiliates acting on behalf of any Covered Entity has, during the past five (5) years, received any notice or communication from any Person that alleges, or been involved in an internal investigation involving any allegations relating to, potential violation of any International Trade Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws, or received a request for information from any Official Body regarding International Trade Law matters or Anti-Corruption Law matters;

(iii) there is no Blocked Property (defined below) pledged as collateral to secure obligations hereunder;

(iv) the Obligor will (a) immediately notify the Bank in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event (defined below); (b) immediately provide substitute collateral to the Bank if, at any time, any collateral for obligations hereunder becomes Blocked Property; and (c) conduct its business in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws (defined below) and International Trade Laws and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws by each Covered Entity, and its directors and officers, and any employee, agent or affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity in connection with this Agreement; and

8

(v) the Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its directors, officers, employees or agents acting on behalf of the Obligor or any guarantor in connection with this Agreement, nor the Obligors or any guarantors subsidiaries to (a) become a Sanctioned Person; (b) directly or indirectly provide, use, or make available any Credit or the proceeds thereof (i) to fund any activities or business of, with, or for the benefit of any Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction, (iii) in any manner that could result in a violation by any Person (including the Bank) of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or International Trade Laws or (iv) in violation of any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any applicable Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law; (c) pay or repay any amount hereunder with Blocked Property or funds derived from any unlawful activity; or (d) permit any collateral for obligations hereunder to become Blocked Property.

As used herein:

Anti-Corruption Laws means (a) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, (b) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as amended, and (c) any other applicable Law relating to anti-bribery or anti-corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Obligor or guarantor is located or doing business;

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means (a) the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act; (b) the U.K. Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the Money Laundering Regulations 2017, as amended and the Terrorist Asset-Freezing etc. Act 2010; and (c) any other applicable Law relating to anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism in any jurisdiction in which any Obligor or guarantor is located or doing business;

Blocked Property means any property (a) owned, directly or indirectly, by a Sanctioned Person; (b) due to or from a Sanctioned Person; (c) in which a Sanctioned Person otherwise holds any interest; (d) located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; or (e) that otherwise could cause any actual or possible violation by the Bank of any applicable International Trade Law if the Bank were to obtain an encumbrance on, lien on, pledge of, or security interest in such property, or provide services in consideration of such property;

Compliance Authority means (a) the United States government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and its Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency; (b) the government of Canada or any agency thereof; (c) the European Union or any agency thereof; (d) the government of the United Kingdom or any agency thereof; (e) the United Nations Security Council; and (f) any other Official Body with jurisdiction to administer Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or International Trade Laws with respect to the conduct of a Covered Entity;

Covered Entity means (a) the Obligor and each of the Obligors subsidiaries; (b) each guarantor of, and any pledgor of collateral securing, obligations hereunder; and (c) each Person that directly or indirectly controls a Person described in clause (a) or (b) above;

International Trade Laws means all Laws relating to economic and financial sanctions, trade embargoes, export controls, customs, and anti-boycott measures;

9

Reportable Compliance Event (1) any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint, or similar charging instrument, arraigned, custodially detained, penalized or the subject of an assessment for a penalty, by, or enters into a settlement with an Official Body in connection with any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law, or any predicate crime to any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law, or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations represents a violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law; (2) any Covered Entity engages in a transaction that has caused or would cause the Bank to be in violation of any International Trade Law or Anti-Corruption Law, including a Covered Entitys use of any Credit to directly or indirectly fund any activities or business of, with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person, or to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (3) any collateral for obligations hereunder qualifies as Blocked Property, or (4) any Covered Entity otherwise violates, or reasonably believes it will violate, any of the International Trade Law or Anti Corruption Law-specific representations and covenants herein;

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country, area, territory, or jurisdiction that is the subject or target of comprehensive U.S. sanctions; and

Sanctioned Person means any Person (a) located in, organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (b) identified on any sanctions-related list maintained by any Compliance Authority; or (c) owned 50% or more, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly by, controlled by, or acting for, on behalf of, or at the direction of, one or more Persons described in clauses (a) or (b) above.

6. Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following is an Event of Default hereunder: (a) any Obligors failure to pay when due any obligation to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate under this Agreement or otherwise; (b) any Obligors failure to perform or observe any other term or covenant of this Agreement; (c) any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in any document given now or hereafter by any Obligated Person (as defined below) in connection herewith is or becomes materially false, erroneous, or misleading at any time; (d) the occurrence of any event of default or default and the lapse of any notice or cure period under any other debt, liability or obligation of any Obligated Person to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate; (e) a default with respect to any other obligation of any Obligated Person for borrowed money, if the effect of such default is to cause or permit the acceleration of such debt; (f) any levy, garnishment, attachment, or similar proceeding is instituted against any Obligated Persons property in possession of, on deposit with, or in transit to, the Bank or any Bank Affiliate; (g) any Obligated Persons dissolution or termination, or the institution by or against any Obligated Person or any of its property of any proceeding relating to bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, conservatorship, foreclosure, execution, attachment, garnishment, levy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, relief of debtors, or similar proceeding (and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against any Obligated Person, such proceeding is not dismissed or stayed within 30 days of the commencement thereof); (h) the entry of a final judgment against any Obligated Person and the failure of such Obligated Person to discharge the judgment within 10 days of the final entry thereof; (i) any change in any Obligated Persons business, assets, operations, financial condition or results of operations that has or could reasonably be expected to have any material adverse effect on the Obligated Person; (j) the death, incarceration, indictment, or legal incompetency of any individual Obligated Person or, if any Obligated Person is a partnership or limited liability company, the death, incarceration, indictment or legal incompetency of any individual general partner or member; (k) any guarantee, or any document, instrument or agreement purporting to provide the Bank security for any Obligated Persons obligations under or in respect of this Agreement, shall be revoked, challenged, repudiated, or unenforceable for any reason; (l) if this Agreement or any guarantee executed by any Obligated Person is secured, the failure of any Obligated Person to provide the Bank or a Bank Affiliate with additional collateral if in the Banks or Bank Affiliates opinion at any time or times, the market value of any of the collateral securing this Agreement or any guarantee has depreciated below that required pursuant to this Agreement or, if no specific value is so required, then in an amount deemed material by the Bank or Bank Affiliate; or (m) any Obligated Person ceases doing business as a going concern. Obligated Person means any Person who (1) signs or otherwise becomes obligated to the Bank or a Bank Affiliate under this Agreement or (2) is a guarantor of, or a pledgor, mortgagor or other Person providing collateral support for, any obligations under or in respect of this Agreement; for the avoidance of doubt, references herein to any Obligor mean any Person described in the foregoing clause (1).

10

7. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default (a) at the Banks option, any amounts payable to the Bank hereunder shall bear interest at a rate per annum (based on the actual number of days such amounts are outstanding over a year of 360 days) which shall be three percentage points (3%) in excess of the applicable interest rate in effect in accordance with Section 2(c)(i) above but not more than the maximum rate allowed by law; (b) immediately and without demand or notice of any kind, if an Event of Default arises under clause (g) of the Section herein defining Event of Default, and, otherwise, upon request of the Bank, the Obligor shall (in addition to any other collateral) deliver to the Bank in immediately available funds, as collateral for any and all obligations of the Obligor to the Bank, an amount equal to 105% of the maximum aggregate amount then or at any time thereafter available to be drawn under all outstanding Credits, and the Obligor hereby pledges to the Bank and grants to the Bank a security interest in all such funds as security for such obligations, acknowledges that the Bank shall at all times have control of such funds and shall be authorized to dispose or give disposition or entitlement orders (as defined in the UCC) with respect to such funds, without further consent of the Obligor or any other Person, and agrees promptly to do all further things that the Bank may deem necessary in order to grant and perfect the Banks security interest in such funds; and (c) the Bank may exercise from time to time any of the rights and remedies available to the Bank under this Agreement, under any other documents now or in the future evidencing or securing obligations of the Obligor to the Bank, or under applicable law, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative and not exclusive. The Obligor waives presentment, protest, dishonor, notice of dishonor, demand, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, and notice of acceptance of this Agreement, and any other notice or demand of any kind from the Bank.

8. Subrogation. The Bank, at its option, shall be subrogated to the Obligors rights against any Person who may be liable to the Obligor on any transaction or obligation underlying any Credit, to the rights of any holder in due course or Person with similar status against the Obligor, and to the rights of any beneficiary or any successor or assignee of any beneficiary.

9. Indemnification. The Obligor agrees to indemnify the Bank, and each Bank Affiliate, and each other legal entity, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Bank, and each of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (each, an Indemnified Party) and to defend and hold each Indemnified Party harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, Taxes, penalties, interest, judgments, costs and expenses (including all fees and charges of internal or external counsel with whom any Indemnified Party may consult and all expenses of litigation or preparation therefor) which any Indemnified Party may incur or which may be asserted against any Indemnified Party by any Person (including any Person claiming derivatively on behalf of the Obligor), in connection with or arising out of or relating to the matters referred to in this Agreement, or the use of any Credit issued hereunder or the proceeds thereof, whether or not (a) arising from or incurred in connection with any breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Obligor, or (b) arising out of or resulting from any suit, action, claim, proceeding or governmental investigation, pending or threatened, whether based on statute, regulation or order, or tort, or contract or otherwise, before any court or other Official Body (and irrespective of who may be the prevailing party); or (c) arising out of or in connection with any payment or action taken in connection with any Credit, including, without limitation, any action or proceeding seeking to restrain any drawing under a Credit or to compel or restrain any payment or any other action under a Credit or this Agreement (and irrespective of who may be the prevailing party); or (d) arising out of or in connection with any act or omission of any Official Body or other cause beyond the Banks reasonable control; except, in the case of (a), (b), (c) and (d), to the extent such claim, liability, loss, damage, Tax, penalty, interest, judgment, cost or expense is found by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from an Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct; and (e) the issuance by the Bank, and compliance by the Bank with the terms, of an Order or a Nonstandard Credit, including but not limited to all issuance fees, and additional fees and assessments. The indemnity agreement contained in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement, payment of any amounts payable under this Agreement, and the assignment of any rights hereunder. The Obligor may participate at its expense in the defense of any such action or claim.

11

10. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other communications required or permitted hereunder (Notices) must be in writing and will be effective upon receipt. Notices may be given in any manner to which the parties may separately agree, including electronic mail. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) first class mail, facsimile transmission and commercial courier service are hereby agreed to as acceptable methods for giving Notices and (b) Applications may be submitted electronically via, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of, the PINACLE Network System (or such other network system offered by the Bank), if Obligor is an authorized user of such system or by such other electronic means acceptable to the Bank. Regardless of the manner in which provided, Notices may be sent to a partys address as set forth herein or to such other address as any party may give to the other for such purpose in accordance with this Section. In addition, in the case of all Notices given by the Obligor to the Bank, and in the case of all Applications not submitted electronically to the Bank, the Obligor must send a copy of each such Notice and the original Application, as the case may be, to the Bank at the following applicable address:

For any Credit that is a commercial letter of credit:

PNC Bank, National Association

Global Trade Service Group

2 Tower Center Boulevard, 9thFloor

Mail Stop J3-JTTC-09-B

East Brunswick, NJ 08816-1199

For any Credit that is a standby letter of credit:

PNC Bank, National Association

Global Trade Service Group

500 First Avenue, 2ndFloor

Mail Stop P7-PFSC-02-T

Pittsburgh, PA 15219

(or, in the case of Applications, to such other address of the Bank as the Bank may direct). The Bank may rely, and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting, upon any Notice or Application believed by the Bank to be genuine and to have been given by the proper party or parties.

11. Preservation of Rights; Waivers of Marshalling, Setoff, and Certain Other Rights. No delay or omission on the Banks part to exercise any right or power arising hereunder will impair any such right or power or be considered a waiver of any such right or power, nor will the Banks action or inaction impair any such right or power. In addition to the other waivers hereunder, the Obligor waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) any and all rights to require the Bank to marshal assets or collateral, to proceed first against, or realize on, any assets or collateral or other credit support before proceeding against or realizing on any other assets or collateral or other credit support, or to otherwise require the Bank to exercise rights or remedies in any particular sequence, in connection with any of the obligations hereunder or otherwise related to Credits, and (ii) any and all rights to set off or reduce the amount of any such obligations or any related deficiency against any obligations of the Bank, or on account of the value of any Collateral or other credit support, or otherwise, whether any such rights described in this sentence are based on or asserted under any statutory provision, common law, equity or otherwise.

12

0. Miscellaneous. No modification, amendment or waiver of, or consent to any departure by the Obligor from, any provision of this Agreement, will be effective unless made in a writing signed by the Bank, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by a court, all the other provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. If this Agreement is executed by more than one Obligor, each Obligor waives any and all defenses to payment and performance hereunder based upon principles of suretyship, impairment of collateral, or otherwise and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Obligor consents to: any change in the time, manner, or place of payment of or in any other term of all or any of the obligations of any other Obligor hereunder or otherwise, and any exchange or release of any property or collateral, or the release or other amendment, extension, renewal, waiver of, or consent to departure from, the terms hereof or of any guaranty or security agreement or any other agreement related hereto. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Obligor and the Bank and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Obligor may not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the Banks prior written consent and the Bank may at any time assign this Agreement in whole or in part. The Obligor hereby authorizes the Bank, from time to time without notice to the Obligor, to record telephonic and other electronic communications of the Obligor and provide any information pertaining to the financial condition, business operations or creditworthiness of the Obligor to or at the direction of any Official Body, to any of the Banks correspondents, and any Bank Affiliate, and to any of its or their directors, officers, employees, auditors and professional advisors, to any Person which in the ordinary course of its business makes credit reference inquiries, to any Person which may succeed to or participate in all or part of the Banks interest hereunder, and as may be necessary or advisable for the preservation of the Banks rights hereunder. This is a continuing Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect until no obligations of the Obligor and no Credit exist hereunder; provided, however, that termination of this Agreement shall not release the Obligor from any payment or performance that is subsequently rescinded or recouped, and the obligation to make any such payment or performance shall continue until paid or performed as if no such payment or performance ever occurred. Provisions concerning payment, indemnification, increased costs, Taxes, immunity, and jurisdiction shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

1. Representative of Obligor. If this Agreement is executed by more than one Obligor, the Obligor

whose signature is first shown below shall have the exclusive right to deal with the Bank in connection with the matters addressed herein, notwithstanding conflicting instructions or requests from any other Obligor.

2. Waiver of Immunity. The Obligor acknowledges that this Agreement is entered into, and each

Credit will be issued, for commercial purposes and, if the Obligor now or hereafter acquires any immunity

(sovereign or otherwise) from the jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or any of its property, the Obligor hereby irrevocably waives such immunity.

3. Jurisdiction. The Obligor hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court for the county or judicial district where the Banks office first set forth above is located; provided that nothing contained in this Agreement will prevent the Bank from bringing any action, enforcing any award or judgment, or exercising any right against the Obligor individually, against any security, or against any property of the Obligor within any other county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction. The Obligor agrees that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for the Bank and the Obligor. The Obligor waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action under this Agreement.

13

4. USA PATRIOT Act Notice. To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Obligor that opens an account. What this means: the Bank will ask for the business name, business address, taxpayer identifying number and other information that will allow the Bank to identify the Obligor, such as organizational documents. For some businesses and = organizations, the Bank may also need to ask for identifying information and documentation relating to certain individuals associated with the business or organization.

5. Important Information about Phone Calls. By providing telephone number(s) to the Bank, now or at any later time, the Obligor hereby authorizes the Bank and its affiliates and designees to contact the Obligor regarding the Obligors account(s) with the Bank or its affiliates, whether such accounts are the Obligors individual accounts or business accounts for which the Obligor is a contact, at such numbers using any means, including but not limited to placing calls using an automated dialing system to cell, VoIP or other wireless phone number, or by leaving prerecorded messages or sending text messages, even if charges may be incurred for the calls or text messages. The Obligor hereby consents that any phone call with the Bank may be monitored or recorded by the Bank.

6. Electronic Signatures and Records. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Obligor agrees that this Agreement, any amendments thereto, and any other information, notice, Application, signature card, agreement or authorization related thereto (each, a Communication) may, at the Banks option, be in the form of an electronic record. Any Communication may, at the Banks option, be signed or executed using electronic signatures. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format) for transmission, delivery and/or retention.

7. Governing Law. This Agreement and each Credit shall be interpreted, construed, and enforced according to (a) in relation to this Agreement, the laws of the state where the Banks office first set forth above is located, including, without limitation, the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC; with the definitions of Article 5 of the UCC controlling over any conflicting definitions in other UCC Articles), and THE ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS ACT (OR EQUIVALENT) IN EFFECT IN THE STATE (OR, TO THE EXTENT CONTROLLING, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES IN GLOBAL AND NATIONAL COMMERCE ACT), and excluding the conflict of laws rules of such state; and (b) in relation to each Credit, the laws of the state specified in the Credit, and if the Credit is silent as to applicable

governing law, the laws of the state where the Bank issues, advises, or confirms the Credit, including, without limitation, the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC; with the definitions of Article 5 of the UCC controlling over any conflicting definitions in other UCC Articles), and excluding the conflict of laws rules of such state, and the UCP or the ISP, as set forth in each Credit, which are, as applicable, incorporated herein by reference and which shall control (to the extent not prohibited by the applicable state governing law) in the event of any inconsistent provisions of such law. In the event that a body of law other than that set forth above is applicable to a Credit, the Obligor shall be obligated to pay and reimburse the Bank for any payment made under such Credit if such payment is, in the Banks judgment, justified under either the law governing this Agreement or the law governing such Credit.

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

14

20. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE OBLIGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS THE OBLIGOR MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR CLAIM OF ANY NATURE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY CREDIT, ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CREDIT, OR ANY OBLIGATION OR TRANSACTION UNDERLYING ANY OF THE FOREGOING. THE OBLIGOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY.

The Obligor acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Agreement, including the waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate. 

WITNESS the due execution of this Agreement as a document under seal as of the date first written above.

INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Dina L. Masi

(SEAL)

Dina L. Masi, Chief Financial Officer

MANHATTAN DRUG COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/ Riva Sheppard

(SEAL)

Riva Sheppard, President

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>inbp-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>inbp-20250415_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>inbp-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>inbp-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>logo.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Apr. 15, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-31668

Entity, Tax Identification Number 22-2407475

Entity, Address, Address Line One 225 Long Avenue

Entity, Address, City or Town Hillside

Entity, Address, State or Province NJ

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 07205

City Area Code 973

Local Phone Number 926-0816

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001016504

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.inbp.com/20250415/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

inbp-20250415.xsd 
inbp-20250415_def.xml 
inbp-20250415_lab.xml 
inbp-20250415_pre.xml 
inbp20250417c_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-012475-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>inbp20250417c_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001016504 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

false 
0001016504 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA, INC. 
DE 
001-31668 
22-2407475 
225 Long Avenue 
Hillside 
NJ 
07205 
973 
926-0816 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>