<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-030833.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-030833.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220171504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-030833
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HCA Healthcare, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000860730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-GENERAL MEDICAL & SURGICAL HOSPITALS, NEC [8062]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				273865930
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11239
		FILM NUMBER:		25647261

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARK PLZ
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6153449551

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PARK PLAZA
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HCA Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101126

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HCA INC/TN
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010627

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HCA THE HEALTHCARE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010419
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d935546d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000086073000008607302025-02-202025-02-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 20, 2025

HCA Healthcare, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-11239 27-3865930

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

One Park Plaza

Nashville, Tennessee 37203

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(615)344-9551

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each Class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $.01 par value per share HCA New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On February 20, 2025, HCA Inc. (the Borrower), a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of HCA Healthcare, Inc. (the Company), entered into the New Credit Agreement (as defined below), and, substantially contemporaneously therewith, the Borrower terminated all outstanding commitments and repaid all outstanding obligations under (i) that certain credit agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006, as amended and restated on May 4, 2011, February 26, 2014, June 28, 2017, June 30, 2021 and January 4, 2023, among the Borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer (the Cash Flow credit facility) and (ii) that certain credit agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011, as amended and restated on March 7, 2014, June 28, 2017 and June 30, 2021 and as amended on January 4, 2023, among the Borrower, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer (the ABL credit facility and together with the Cash Flow credit facility, the senior secured credit facilities). 

The Cash Flow credit facility provided for a $3.500 billion senior secured revolving credit facility and a senior secured term loan A facility with $1.238 billion outstanding as of December 31, 2024. The ABL credit facility provided for a $4.500 billion senior secured revolving credit facility. The Borrower prepaid all outstanding borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities immediately prior to their termination. Absent termination, such senior secured credit facilities would have matured on June 30, 2026. Borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bore interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Borrowers option, the alternate base rate or the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Term SOFR), in each case, plus an applicable margin that was calculated based on the Borrowers leverage ratio from time to time, plus a credit spread adjustment. 

The Borrower refinanced the senior secured credit facilities by entering into a new credit agreement with the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer (the New Credit Agreement) that provides for $8.000 billion of senior unsecured revolving credit commitments, with a term of five years (the senior unsecured credit facility). The proceeds of any borrowings under the senior unsecured credit facility will be used for general corporate purposes. The substantially concurrent termination of the senior secured credit facilities was a condition to entering into the New Credit Agreement. 

The New Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants customary for credit facilities of its type, including, among others, limitations on the Borrower and its subsidiaries with respect to liens, incurrence of indebtedness by subsidiaries of the Borrower, and certain fundamental changes. The senior unsecured credit facility is not guaranteed by the Company or by any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

The Borrower is subject to a financial covenant under the New Credit Agreement, tested quarterly, whereby the leverage ratio may not exceed 4.50:1.00 (with a step-up, upon the Borrowers election, to 5.00:1.00 during certain specified periods following a material acquisition). 

Borrowings under the senior unsecured credit facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at the Borrowers option, the alternate base rate or Term SOFR, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on the Borrowers credit rating from time to time, plus a credit spread adjustment. Borrowings under the senior unsecured credit facility initially bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR plus 1.250% (plus a 0.10% credit spread adjustment). 

The New Credit Agreement also provides for, as part of the $8.000 billion senior unsecured credit facility, (x) borrowings in euros and pound sterling, up to a $400.0 million sublimit, (y) letters of credit, up to a $750.0 million sublimit and (z) swingline loans, up to a $250.0 million sublimit. Each of these sub-facilities provides the same capacity with respect to foreign currency borrowings, letters of credit and swingline loans as was available to the Borrower under the senior secured credit facilities. 

In order to repay obligations outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities, the Borrower borrowed under the senior unsecured credit facility. 

The foregoing description of the New Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the New Credit Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement 

The information reported under Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement above is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement 

The information reported under Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement above is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits: 

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1* Credit Agreement dated as of February 20, 2025, by and among HCA Inc., as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

HCA HEALTHCARE, INC. (Registrant)

By: 

/s/ John M. Franck II

John M. Franck II

Vice President - Legal and Corporate Secretary

Date: February 20, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d935546dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Published CUSIP No.: [ ] 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of
February 20, 2025, 

among 

HCA INC., 

as the Borrower, 

The Several Lenders 

from Time to
Time Parties Hereto, 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer, 

and 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 

CITIBANK, N.A.,

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 

as Joint Lead
Arrangers and Bookrunners 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Syndication Agent, 

BARCLAYS
BANK PLC, 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 

as Co-Documentation Agents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS AND CERTAIN OTHER PROVISIONS 1 

1.1. Defined Terms 1 

1.2. Other Interpretive Provisions 38 

1.3. Accounting Terms 39 

1.4. Rounding 40 

1.5. References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. 40 

1.6. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 40 

1.7. Interest Rates; Licensing 41 

1.8. [Reserved] 41 

1.9. Divisions 41 

1.10. Certain Determinations 41 

SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 42 

2.1. Loans 42 

2.2. Minimum Amount of Each Borrowing; Maximum Number of Borrowings 44 

2.3. Notice of Borrowing 44 

2.4. Disbursement of Funds 45 

2.5. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt; Notes 46 

2.6. Conversions and Continuations 47 

2.7. Pro Rata Borrowings 48 

2.8. Interest 49 

2.9. Interest Periods 50 

2.10. Inability to Determine Rate; Illegality 50 

2.11. Compensation 53 

2.12. Change of Lending Office 54 

2.13. Notice of Certain Costs 54 

2.14. Incremental Facilities 54 

2.15. Extension of Revolving Credit Maturity Date 56 

2.16. Defaulting Lenders 57 

SECTION 3. LETTERS OF CREDIT 60 

3.1. Letters of Credit 60 

3.2. Letter of Credit Requests 62 

3.3. Letter of Credit Participations 64 

3.4. Agreement to Repay Letter of Credit Drawings 66 

3.5. Increased Costs 68 

3.6. New or Successor Letter of Credit Issuer 68 

3.7. Role of Letter of Credit Issuer 69 

3.8. Cash Collateral 70 

3.9. Applicability of ISP and UCP 71 

3.10. Conflict with Issuer Documents 71 

3.11. Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries 71 

SECTION 4. FEES; COMMITMENTS 71 

4.1. Fees 71 

4.2. Voluntary Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments 72 

4.3. Mandatory Termination of Commitments 72 

SECTION 5. PAYMENTS 72 

5.1. Voluntary Prepayments 72 

5.2. Mandatory Prepayments 73 

5.3. Method and Place of Payment 74 

5.4. Net Payments 75 

5.5. Computations of Interest and Fees 78 

5.6. Limit on Rate of Interest 79 

SECTION 6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING DATE 79 

6.1. Credit Agreement 79 

6.2. Legal Opinions 79 

6.3. Repayment and Termination of Existing Credit Agreements 80 

6.4. Upfront Fees 80 

6.5. No Default 80 

6.6. Representations and Warranties 80 

6.7. Closing Certificate 80 

6.8. Officers Certificate 81 

6.9. Authorization of Proceedings of the Borrower 81 

6.10. Fees 81 

6.11. Solvency Certificate 81 

6.12. Historical Financial Statements 81 

6.13. No Material Adverse Effect 81 

6.14. KYC and Beneficial Ownership 81 

SECTION 7. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ALL CREDIT EVENTS 81 

7.1. No Default; Representations and Warranties 82 

7.2. Notice of Borrowing; Letter of Credit Request 82 

SECTION 8. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS 82 

8.1. Corporate Status 82 

8.2. Corporate Power and Authority 83 

8.3. No Violation 83 

8.4. Litigation 83 

8.5. Margin Regulations 83 

8.6. Governmental Approvals 83 

8.7. Investment Company Act 83 

8.8. True and Complete Disclosure 84 

8.9. Financial Condition; Financial Statements 84 

8.10. Tax Matters 84 

8.11. Compliance with ERISA 84 

8.12. [Reserved] 84 

8.13. [Reserved] 84 

8.14. Environmental Laws 85 

8.15. Properties 85 

8.16. [Reserved] 85 

8.17. OFAC 85 

8.18. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 85 

SECTION 9. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 86 

9.1. Information Covenants 86 

9.2. Books, Records and Inspections 88 

9.3. Maintenance of Insurance 89 

9.4. Payment of Taxes 89 

9.5. Consolidated Corporate Franchises 90 

9.6. Compliance with Statutes, Regulations, Etc. 90 

9.7. ERISA 90 

9.8. Maintenance of Properties 90 

9.9. Use of Proceeds 91 

SECTION 10. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 91 

10.1. Limitation on Indebtedness 91 

10.2. Limitation on Liens 93 

10.3. Limitation on Fundamental Changes 96 

10.4. Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio 96 

SECTION 11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 97 

11.1. Payments 97 

11.2. Representations, Etc. 97 

11.3. Covenants 97 

11.4. Default Under Other Agreements 97 

11.5. Bankruptcy, Etc. 98 

11.6. ERISA 98 

11.7. [Reserved] 99 

11.8. [Reserved] 99 

11.9. [Reserved] 99 

11.10. [Reserved] 99 

11.11. Judgments 99 

11.12. Change of Control 99 

SECTION 12. [RESERVED] 100 

SECTION 13. THE AGENTS 100 

13.1. Appointment 100 

13.2. Delegation of Duties 101 

13.3. Exculpatory Provisions 101 

13.4. Reliance by Agents 101 

13.5. Notice of Default 101 

13.6. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners and Other Lenders 102 

13.7. Indemnification 102 

13.8. Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity 103 

13.9. Successor Agents 103 

13.10. Withholding Tax 104 

13.11. Certain ERISA Matters 104 

13.12. Recovery of Erroneous Payments 105 

SECTION 14. MISCELLANEOUS 106 

14.1. Amendments and Waivers 106 

14.2. Notices 107 

14.3. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 108 

14.4. Survival of Representations and Warranties 108 

14.5. Payment of Expenses 108 

14.6. Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments 109 

14.7. Replacements of Lenders under Certain Circumstances 113 

14.8. Adjustments; Set-off 114 

14.9. Counterparts 115 

14.10. Severability 115 

14.11. Integration 115 

14.12. GOVERNING LAW 115 

14.13. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers 116 

14.14. Acknowledgments 116 

14.15. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 117 

14.16. Confidentiality 117 

14.17. Direct Website Communications 118 

14.18. USA Patriot Act 120 

14.19. Judgment Currency 120 

14.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 120 

14.21. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 121 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 1.1(a) 

Commitments

Schedule 1.1(b) 

Consolidated Persons

Schedule 1.1(c) 

Existing Letters of Credit

Schedule 8.4 Litigation

Schedule 10.1 Indebtedness

Schedule 10.2 Liens

Schedule 14.2 Notice Addresses

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A 

Form of Letter of Credit Request

Exhibit B 

Form of Assignment and Acceptance

CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 20, 2025, among HCA Inc., a Delaware corporation
(HCA or the Borrower), the lending institutions from time to time parties hereto (each a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders), the Letter of Credit Issuers from time to
time party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer (such terms and each other capitalized term used but not defined in this preamble having the meaning provided in
Section 1). 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders and the Letter of Credit Issuers extend credit
to the Borrower in the form of a Revolving Credit Facility in an initial aggregate principal amount of $8,000,000,000; and 

WHEREAS, the
proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility will be used by the Borrower for general corporate purposes subject to the terms set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions and Certain Other Provisions

1.1. Defined Terms. 

(a)
As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 1.1 unless the context otherwise requires (it being understood that defined terms in this Agreement shall include in the singular number
the plural and in the plural the singular): 

ABR shall mean for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the
highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00%
and (d) 1.00%. The prime rate is a rate set by the Administrative Agent based upon various factors including the Administrative Agents costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a
reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in the ABR due to a change in such rate announced by the Administrative Agent shall take effect at the opening of business on the day
specified in the public announcement of such change or on the effective date of such change. If ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.10 hereof, then ABR shall be the greater of clauses
(a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 

ABR
Loan shall mean each Loan bearing interest at the rate provided in Section 2.8(a) and, in any event, shall (i) include all Swingline Loans and (ii) exclude all Loans denominated in Alternative
Currencies. 

Acquired EBITDA shall mean, with respect to any Acquired Entity or Business to the extent the aggregate
consideration paid in connection with such acquisition was at least $300,000,000 (or, at the election of the Borrower, a lesser amount) (the foregoing, a Pro Forma Entity) for any period, the amount for such period of Consolidated
EBITDA of such Pro Forma Entity (determined using such definitions as if references to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries therein were to such Pro Forma Entity and its Subsidiaries), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Pro Forma Entity
in a manner not inconsistent with GAAP. 

1 

Acquired Entity or Business shall have the meaning provided in the
definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA. 

Additional Lender shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.15(c). 

Administrative Agent shall mean Bank of America (or any of its designated
branch offices or affiliates), as the administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, or any successor administrative agent pursuant to Section 13. 

Administrative Agents Office shall mean, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agents address and,
as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 14.2 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

Administrative Questionnaire shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.6(b)(ii)(D). 

Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by,
or under direct or indirect common control with such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control a corporation if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
corporation, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agent Parties shall have
the meaning provided in Section 14.17(c). 

Agents shall mean the Administrative Agent, the
Syndication Agent, each Co-Documentation Agent and each Joint Lead Arranger and Bookrunner. 

Agreement Currency shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.19. 

Aggregate Multicurrency Exposures shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.2(b)(ii). 

Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.2(b)(i).

Agreement shall mean this Credit Agreement, as the same may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time. 

Alternative Currency shall mean Euro or Sterling. 

2 

Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall mean, for any day, with respect to
any Loan denominated in Sterling, the interest rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof; provided, that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for
purposes of this Agreement. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change without further notice. 

Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of
Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in Sterling. 

Alternative Currency Equivalent shall mean, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent
amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates),
to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided,
however, that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination its
deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). 

Alternative
Currency Loan shall mean an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, as applicable. 

Alternative Currency Term Rate shall mean, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Loan denominated in Euros, the rate
per annum equal to the EURO Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative
Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided, that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such
rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall mean a Loan that
bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in Euros. 

3 

Applicable ABR Margin shall mean at any date, with respect to each ABR
Loan that is a Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below based upon the Status in effect on such date (it being understood that the Status in effect as of the Closing Date is Level III Status): 

Status Applicable ABR Margin for Revolving Credit Loans

and Swingline Loans

Level I Status 0.000%

Level II Status 0.125%

Level III Status 0.250%

Level IV Status 0.500%

Level V Status 0.750%

Applicable Alternative Currency Margin shall mean at any date, with respect to each
Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan that is a Revolving Credit Loan, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below based upon the Status in effect on such date (it being understood that the Status in
effect as of the Closing Date is Level III Status): 

Applicable Alternative Currency Margin

Status Alternative Currency Daily

Rate Loans Alternative Currency Term

Rate Loans

Level I Status 1.000% 1.000%

Level II Status 1.125% 1.125%

Level III Status 1.250% 1.250%

Level IV Status 1.500% 1.500%

Level V Status 1.750% 1.750%

Applicable Percentage shall mean, at any time, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender,
the percentage of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments represented by such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment at such time (or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, such Lenders share of the total
Revolving Credit Exposure at that time); provided that, at any time any Revolving Credit Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Credit Commitments (disregarding
any such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment) represented by such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment. If the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon
the applicable Revolving Credit Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments pursuant to this Agreement and to any Lenders status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 

4 

Applicable Term SOFR Margin shall mean, at any date, with respect to each
Term SOFR Loan that is a Revolving Credit Loan, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below based upon the Status in effect on such date (it being understood that the Status in effect as of the Closing Date is Level III Status): 

Status Applicable Term SOFR Margin for Revolving Credit

Loans

Level I Status 1.000%

Level II Status 1.125%

Level III Status 1.250%

Level IV Status 1.500%

Level V Status 1.750%

Approved Fund shall mean any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender,
(b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

ASC
715 shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Unfunded Current Liability. 

Assignment and
Acceptance shall mean an assignment and acceptance substantially in the form of Exhibit B, or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent. 

ASU shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.3(a). 

Authorized Officer shall mean the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Vice President-Finance, the
Secretary or any other senior officer of the Borrower designated as such in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Section 14.2, any other officer or
employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and
such Authorized Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower. 

Auto-Extension Letter of
Credit shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.2(d). 

Auto-Reinstatement Letter of
Credit shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.2(e). 

Available Commitment
shall mean an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment over (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans (but not
Swingline Loans) then outstanding and (ii) the aggregate Letters of Credit Outstanding at such time. 

Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

5 

Bail-In Legislation shall mean
(a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country
from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any
other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other
insolvency proceedings). 

Bank of America shall mean Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 

Bankruptcy Code shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.5. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan shall mean any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title
I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

benefited
Lender shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.8(a). 

BHC Act Affiliate shall
have the meaning provided in Section 14.21(b). 

Board shall mean the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 

Borrower Materials shall have the meaning provided
in Section 14.17(b). 

Borrower shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this
Agreement. 

Borrowing shall mean a Revolving Credit Borrowing or a Swingline Borrowing, as the context may require.

Business Day shall mean any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day that in the jurisdiction where the
Administrative Agents Office for Loans in Dollars is located shall be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law or other governmental actions to close; provided, however, 

(a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings,
disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, such day shall be a TARGET
Day; and 

6 

(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative
Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, such day shall be a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom. 

Capital Lease shall mean, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that
Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is, or is required to be, accounted for as a financing or capital lease (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not a straight-line or operating lease) on the balance sheet of that Person; provided
that for all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capital Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP; provided that all obligations of any Person that are or
would be characterized as operating lease obligations in accordance with GAAP prior to the issuance of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases (and not
as Capital Leases) for purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) regardless of any change in GAAP following such date that would otherwise require such
obligations to be recharacterized (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) as Capital Leases. 

Capitalized Lease
Obligations shall mean, as applied to any Person, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, all obligations under Capital Leases of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case taken at the amount thereof accounted for
as liabilities in accordance with GAAP; provided that all obligations of any Person that are or would be characterized as operating lease obligations in accordance with GAAP prior to the issuance of ASU
No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), shall continue to be accounted for as operating lease obligations (and not as Capitalized Lease Obligations) for purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents
(whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) regardless of any change in GAAP following such date that would otherwise require such obligations to be recharacterized (on a prospective or retroactive basis or
otherwise) as Capitalized Lease Obligations. 

Cash Collateralize shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.8(d). 

Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption of any law, treaty, order,
policy, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, order, policy, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) any
guideline, request or directive issued or made after the Closing Date by any central bank or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) that requires compliance
by a Lender; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith
and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each
case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued and; provided, further, that the increased costs associated with a Change in Law based on the
foregoing clauses (x) and (y) may only be imposed to the extent the applicable Lender imposes the same charges on other similarly situated borrowers under comparable credit facilities. 

7 

Change of Control shall mean and be deemed to have occurred solely if any
person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than any combination of Holdings and
one or more Investors, shall have acquired beneficial ownership of more than 50% on a fully diluted basis of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower. 

Claims shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Environmental Claims. 

Closing Date shall mean February 20, 2025. 

CME shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Co-Documentation Agents shall mean Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., together with their respective Affiliates, as co-documentation agents for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.1(a). 

Commitment Fee Rate shall mean, with respect to the Available Commitment on any day, the rate per annum set forth below
opposite the Status in effect on such day (it being understood that the Status in effect as of the Closing Date is Level III Status): 

Status Commitment Fee Rate

Level I Status 0.090%

Level II Status 0.110%

Level III Status 0.150%

Level IV Status 0.200%

Level V Status 0.250%

Commitments shall mean, with respect to each Lender (to the extent applicable), such
Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment and New Revolving Credit Commitment. 

Commodity Exchange Act shall mean the
Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

Communications shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.17(a). 

Confidential Healthcare Information shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.2. 

Confidential Information shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.16. 

8 

Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to the use, administration of
or any conventions associated with SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR or any proposed Successor Rate for an Alternative Currency, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of ABR, Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR,
Term SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be
appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice for such Alternative Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the
administration of such rate for such Alternative Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines in consultation with the Borrower is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this
Agreement and any other Credit Document). 

Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for
such period, plus: 

(a) without duplication and to the extent deducted (and not added back) in arriving at such
Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period: 

(i) total
interest expense and to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income (other than
interest income of any Insurance Subsidiary) and gains on such hedging obligations, and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, 

(ii) provision for taxes based on income, profits, revenue or capital, including federal, foreign or state franchise, excise
and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period, including any penalties and interest relating to any tax examinations, 

(iii) depreciation and amortization, 

(iv) Non-Cash Charges, 

(v) [reserved], 

(vi) restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring costs related to acquisitions and to closure and/or
consolidation of facilities) and business optimization expenses, in each case, whether or not classified as restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements, 

(vii) the amount of any noncontrolling interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity
interests of third parties in any non-wholly-owned Subsidiary deducted (and not added back) in such period to Consolidated Net Income, 

9 

(viii) [reserved], and 

(ix) any costs or expenses pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee
benefit plan or agreement, any severance agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such costs or expenses are non-cash or otherwise funded with cash proceeds contributed
to the capital of the Borrower or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Stock or Stock Equivalents (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Borrower, 

less 

(b) without
duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period: 

(i) [reserved], 

(ii) non-cash gains (excluding any non-cash
gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period), 

(iii) gains on asset sales (other than asset sales in the ordinary course of business), and 

(iv) any net after-tax income from the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or hedging
obligations or other derivative instruments, 

in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in accordance with
GAAP; provided that 

(I) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining
Consolidated EBITDA currency translation gains and losses related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness or intercompany balances (including the net loss or gain resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk), 

(II) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any
period any adjustments resulting from the application of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, 

(III)
there shall be included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period, without duplication, (A) the Acquired EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset or attributable to any Person, property, business or asset acquired by the
Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period (but not including the Acquired EBITDA of any related Person, property, business or assets to the extent not so acquired) to the extent not subsequently sold, transferred, abandoned or otherwise disposed
of by the Borrower or such Subsidiary (each such Person, property, business or asset acquired and not subsequently so disposed of, an Acquired Entity or Business), in each case based on the Acquired EBITDA of such Acquired Entity
or Business for such period (including the 

10 

portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition or conversion) determined on a historical Pro Forma Basis and (B) an adjustment in respect of each Acquired Entity or Business equal to
the amount of the Pro Forma Adjustment with respect to such Acquired Entity or Business for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition or conversion), and 

(IV) (A) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for
any period the Disposed EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset sold, transferred, abandoned or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP (other than (x) if so classified on the
basis that it is being held for sale unless such sale has actually occurred during such period and (y) for periods prior to the applicable sale, transfer, abandonment or other disposition) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period
(each such Person, property, business or asset so sold, transferred, abandoned or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified, a Sold Entity or Business), in each case, based on the Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business
for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such sale, transfer, abandonment, disposition, closure, classification or conversion) determined on a historical Pro Forma Basis and (B) to the extent not included in
Consolidated Net Income, there shall be included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period in which a Sold Entity or Business is disposed, an adjustment equal to the Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment with respect to such Sold Entity or Business
(including the portion thereof occurring prior to such disposal). 

Consolidated Net Incomeshall mean, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding, without duplication, 

(a) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring gains or losses, expenses or charges
(including any multi-year strategic cost-saving initiatives, any unusual or non-recurring operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost savings initiatives and any accruals or reserves
in respect of any extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual items), severance costs, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses (including related
to new product introductions), recruiting fees, restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring and integration costs related to acquisitions after the Closing Date and adjustments to existing reserves), whether or not
classified as restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements, signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, transition costs, costs related to closure/consolidation of facilities, internal costs in respect of strategic initiatives
and costs from curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities), 

(b) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent included in Consolidated Net
Income, 

(c) [reserved], 

11 

(d) any fees, expenses or charges incurred during such period, or any
amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, investment, recapitalization, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of
any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring merger costs
incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, 

(e) any income (loss) for such period attributable to the
early extinguishment of Indebtedness or to hedging obligations or other derivative instruments, 

(f) accruals and reserves
that are established or adjustedas a result of an acquisition or similar Investment not prohibited under this Agreement in accordance with GAAP (including any adjustment of estimated payouts on earn-outs) or changes as a result of the
adoption of or modification of accounting policies during such period, 

(g) [reserved], and 

(h) to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that there
exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period
for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 day period), expenses, charges or losses with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption. 

There shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income for any period the purchase accounting effects of adjustments to inventory, property,
equipment and intangible assets and deferred revenue in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries), as a
result of any consummated acquisition whether consummated before or after the Closing Date, or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets shall mean, with respect to the Borrower, the total amount of assets (less applicable
reserves and other properly deductible items) after deducting therefrom (a) all current liabilities as disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person (excluding any thereof which are by their terms extendible or renewable at the
option of the obligor thereon to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount thereof is being computed and further excluding any deferred income taxes that are included in current liabilities) and (b) all goodwill,
tradenames, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like intangible assets, all as set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries at such date. 

Consolidated Persons shall mean, at any time, each of the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1(b) so long as (i) such
Persons financial results are consolidated with the financial results of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP at such time and (ii) no Frist Shareholder (or any controlling affiliate of any Frist Shareholder) holds any Stock or Stock
Equivalents of such Person at such time. 

12 

Consolidated Total Assets shall mean, as of any date of determination,
the amount that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries at such date. 

Consolidated Total Debt shall mean, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the
types described in clause (a), clause (c) (but, in the case of clause (c), only to the extent of any unreimbursed drawings under any letter of credit) and clause (e) of the definition thereof actually owing by the
Borrower and the Subsidiaries on such date to the extent appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (provided that the amount of any Capitalized Lease Obligations or any such
Indebtedness issued at a discount to its face value shall be determined in accordance with GAAP but excluding all cash of any Insurance Subsidiary) minus (b) the aggregate cash and cash equivalents, excluding cash and cash equivalents
that are listed as restricted on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of such date. 

Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of
(a) Consolidated Total Debt as of the last day of the relevant Test Period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period for which Section 9.1 Financials have been delivered. 

Contractual Requirement shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.3. 

Covered Entity shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.21(b). 

Covered Party shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.21(a). 

Credit Documents shall mean this Agreement, each Letter of Credit and any promissory notes issued by the Borrower
hereunder, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Credit Event shall mean and include the making (but not the conversion or continuation) of a Loan and the issuance of a
Letter of Credit. 

Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, with respect to any applicable determination date, the SOFR published
on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source). 

Debt Rating shall mean,
as of any date of determination, the rating asdetermined by either S&P or Moodys (collectively, the Debt Ratings) of the Borrowers non-credit-enhanced, senior
unsecured long-term debt. 

Default shall mean any event, act or condition that with notice or lapse of time, or both,
would constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.8(d). 

13 

Default Right shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.21(b). 

Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender with respect to which a Lender
Default is in effect. 

Designated Jurisdiction shall mean any country or territory with which dealings are broadly and
comprehensively prohibited pursuant to any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic of Ukraine, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic of Ukraine and the Russian-controlled Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine). 

Disposed EBITDA shall mean, with respect to any Sold Entity or Business to the extent the aggregate consideration received
in connection with such disposition was at least $300,000,000 (or, at the election of the Borrower, a lesser amount), as determined on a consolidated basis for such Sold Entity or Business, as the case may be. 

Disqualified Equity Interests shall mean any Stock or Stock Equivalent which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security
or other Stock or Stock Equivalent into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests),
pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except (i) as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the
prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments or (ii) pursuant to any put option with respect to any Stock or Stock Equivalent of a Subsidiary granted in favor
of any Facility Syndication Partner in connection with syndications of ambulatory surgery centers, outpatient diagnostic or imaging centers, hospitals or other healthcare businesses operated or conducted by such Subsidiary (collectively,
Syndications)), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for scheduled payments of dividends in cash (other than, in the case
of Stock or Stock Equivalents of a Subsidiary issued to a Facility Syndication Partner in connection with a Syndication or held by a Subsidiary, periodic distributions of available cash (determined in good faith by the Borrower) to the holders of
such class of Stock or Stock Equivalents on a pro rata basis), or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Stock or Stock Equivalent that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case,
prior to the date that is 180 days after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date (determined as of the date such Stock or Stock Equivalent was issued). 

Division has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.9. 

Dollar Equivalent shall mean, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in
Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either
by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on the date that is two
Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of 

14 

exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent of the Letter of Credit Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate
in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as applicable, using any method of
determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to clause (b) or (c) above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Dollars and $ shall mean dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States,
any state thereof, or the District of Columbia. 

Drawing shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.4(b). 

EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause
(a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated
supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland,
Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any Person
entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Copy shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.9. 

EMU Legislation shall mean the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or
operation of a single or unified European currency. 

Environmental Claims shall mean any and all actions, suits,
orders, decrees, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance, violation or potential responsibility or investigation (other than internal reports prepared by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (a) in the ordinary
course of such Persons business or (b) as required in connection with a financing transaction or an acquisition or disposition of real estate) or proceedings relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any permit issued, or any
approval given, under any such Environmental Law (hereinafter, Claims), including (i) any and all Claims by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or
damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Claims by any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief relating to the presence, release or threatened
release of Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health or safety (to the extent relating to human exposure to Hazardous Materials), or the environment including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land
surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands. 

15 

Environmental Law shall mean any applicable Federal, state, foreign or
local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code and rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, and any binding judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any binding judicial or administrative
order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the protection of environment, including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands, or human health or safety (to the extent
relating to human exposure to Hazardous Materials), or Hazardous Materials. 

ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA as in effect at the Closing Date and any subsequent provisions of ERISA amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor. 

ERISA Affiliate shall mean each person (as defined in Section 3(9) of ERISA) that together with the Borrower would be
deemed to be a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event shall mean (a) any Reportable Event with respect to a Plan;
(b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, in each case whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to
Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code); (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of
ERISA (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) with respect to the termination of any Plan or by application of Section 4069 of ERISA with respect to any terminated plan; (f) the receipt by the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, or to terminate or to appoint a trustee to administer any plan or plans in respect of which the
Borrower or ERISA Affiliate would be deemed to be an employer under Section 4069 of ERISA; (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice that a Multiemployer Plan contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in endangered, critical or critical and declining status (within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA or Section 432 of the Code); (h) the incurrence by the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to its withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan; (i) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan of any notice concerning the imposition of
Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower or ERISA Affiliate; (j) the failure of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to any Withdrawal
Liability; or (k) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of
ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA. 

16 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBOR shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. 

Euro and shall mean the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in
accordance with the EMU Legislation. 

Event of Default shall have the meaning provided in
Section 11. 

Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, (a) net income taxes, franchise and branch profits Taxes (imposed in lieu of net income Taxes) imposed, in each case, on such Agent or Lender by any jurisdiction (i) as a result of such Agent or Lender being organized under the
laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office locating in, such jurisdiction or (ii) as a result of any other current or former connection between such Agent or Lender and the jurisdiction
of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (other than any such connection arising from such Agent or Lender having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received
a payment under, or having been a party to, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced, this Agreement or any other Credit Document or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Credit
Document), (b) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Non-U.S. Lender under the law in effect
on the date (i) such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (provided that this clause (i) shall not apply to an assignment to a
Non-U.S. Lender pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 14.7) or (ii) designates a new lending office, except, in each case, to the extent such Non-U.S. Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding
Tax pursuant to Section 5.4, (c) any Tax to the extent attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with Section 5.4(d), and (d) any Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 

Existing Credit Agreements shall mean (i) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2006 (as
amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer
and (ii) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2011 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the several subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the
lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer. 

Existing Letters of Credit shall mean all Letters of Credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreements on the Closing
Date and shall in any event include amendments, extensions and renewals thereof. Existing Letters of Credit as of the Closing Date are listed on Schedule 1.1(c). 

17 

Extension Request shall mean a written request from the Borrower to the
Administrative Agent requesting an extension of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

Facility Syndication Partners
shall mean, with respect to any Subsidiary, a Physician or employee performing services with respect to healthcare operations operated by such Subsidiary or a
not-for-profit entity. 

FATCA shall
mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date hereof (and any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future Treasury regulations or official
administrative interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the date of hereof (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreements (or related
legislation or official administrative rules or pronouncements) implementing the foregoing. 

FCPA shall have the
meaning provided in Section 8.18. 

Federal Funds Rateshall mean, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such
manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided
that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Fees shall mean all amounts payable pursuant to, or referred to in, Section 4.1. 

Foreign Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement maintained or contributed to
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to employees employed outside the United States. 

Foreign
Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

Frist Shareholders
shall mean (i) Thomas F. Frist, Jr. and any executor, administrator, guardian, conservator or similar legal representative thereof, (ii) any member of the immediate family of Thomas F. Frist, Jr., (iii) any Person directly or
indirectly controlled by one or more of the immediate family members of Thomas F. Frist, Jr., (iv) any Person acting as agent for any Person described in clauses (i) through (iii) hereof and (v) the HCA Healthcare
Foundation so long as a majority of the members of its board of directors consist of (a) Frist Shareholders, (b) members of the Board of Directors of Holdings, (c) Management Investors and/or (d) any other member of management of
the Borrower. 

Fronting Exposure shall mean, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to any
Letter of Credit Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to
other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to
which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 

18 

Fronting Fee shall have the meaning provided in
Section 4.1(c). 

Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will
be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course. 

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time;
provided, however, that if there occurs after the Closing Date any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in Section 10, the Lenders and the Borrower shall
negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and the Borrower after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as
possible to their respective positions as of the Closing Date and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in Section 10 shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP has occurred. 

Governmental Authority shall mean any nation, sovereign or government, any state, province, territory or other political
subdivision thereof, and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including a central bank or stock exchange. 

Guarantee Obligations shall mean, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any
Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such Indebtedness or any property
constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such Indebtedness or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to
maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such Indebtedness of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such
Indebtedness or (d) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of such Indebtedness against loss in respect thereof; provided,however, that the term Guarantee Obligations shall not include endorsements of
instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets not prohibited under
this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the Indebtedness in respect of which such Guarantee
Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. 

19 

Hazardous Materials shall mean (a) any petroleum or petroleum
products, radioactive materials, friable asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (b) any chemicals,
materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of hazardous substances, hazardous waste, hazardous materials, extremely hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste,
toxic substances, toxic pollutants, contaminants or pollutants, or words of similar import, under any Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical, material or substance, which is prohibited,
limited or regulated by any Environmental Law. 

HCA shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement.

HCI shall mean Health Care Indemnity, Inc., an insurance company formed under the laws of the State of Colorado. 

Hedge Agreements shall mean interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts,
currency swap agreements, cross-currency rate swap agreements, currency future or option contracts, commodity price protection agreements or other commodity price hedging agreements, and other similar agreements entered into by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business (and not for speculative purposes) for the principal purpose of protecting the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices.

HIPAA shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.2. 

Historical Financial Statements shall mean (i) the audited consolidated balance sheets of Holdings as of
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and (ii) the audited consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Holdings for the fiscal years ended on December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Holdings shall mean HCA Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors. 

Increased Amount shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.2. 

Increased Amount Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.14(a). 

Incremental Amount shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.14(a). 

Indebtedness of any Person shall mean (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) representing
the deferred and unpaid balance of the purchase price of any property that in accordance with GAAP would be included as a liability on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person, (c) the face amount of all letters of
credit issued for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all drafts drawn thereunder, (d) all Indebtedness of any other Person secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been
assumed by such Person, (e) the principal component of all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person under interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts,
currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts, commodity price protection agreements or other commodity price hedging agreements and other similar agreements, (g) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity
Interests and (h) without duplication, all Guarantee Obligations of such Person 

20 

in respect of Indebtedness described in subclauses (a) through (g) hereof; provided that Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade payables, accrued expenses or
similar obligation to a trade creditor, (ii) deferred or prepaid revenue, (iii) any earn-out or holdback obligations until, after 30 days of becoming due and payable, has not been paid and such
obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the respective
seller, (iv) all intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll over or extensions of terms) and other intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting
operations, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business and (v) Indebtedness resulting from substantially concurrent interim transfers of creditor positions with respect to intercompany Indebtedness. 

indemnified liabilities shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.5. 

Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made
by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Credit Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), all Other Taxes. 

Insurance Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is an insurance company formed in accordance with applicable law,
including HCI and Park View. 

Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan, the interest
period applicable thereto, as determined pursuant to Section 2.9. 

Investment shall mean, for
any Person: (a) the acquisition (whether for cash, property, services or securities or otherwise) of Stock, Stock Equivalents (or any other capital contribution), bonds, notes, debentures, partnership or other ownership interests or other
securities of any other Person (including any short sale or any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such sale); (b) the making of any deposit with, or advance, loan or
other extension of credit or capital contribution to, any other Person (including the purchase of property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person), but excluding
any such advance, loan or extension of credit having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extension of terms) and other intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting operations, in each case,
arising in the ordinary course of business; (c) the entering into of any guarantee of, or other contingent obligation with respect to, Indebtedness; or (d) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions)
of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, division, product line, line of business, and/or some combination of the foregoing of such Person. 

Investors shall mean the Management Investors and the Frist Shareholders. 

IRS shall mean the Internal Revenue Service of the United States. 

ISP shall mean, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the
Institute of International Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 

21 

Issuer Documents shall mean with respect to any Letter of Credit, the
Letter of Credit Request, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the Letter of Credit Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 

Joinder Agreement shall mean an agreement entered into pursuant to Section 2.14 in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners shall mean
(i) BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and (ii) with respect to any New Revolving Credit Commitments, the Persons named as such in the
applicable Joinder Agreement. 

Judgment Currency shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.19. 

L/C Borrowing shall mean an extension of credit resulting from a drawing
under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 

L/C Maturity Date shall mean the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

L/C Obligations shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all
outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unpaid Drawings, including all L/C Borrowings. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be
drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

L/C Participant shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.3(a). 

L/C Participation shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.3(a). 

Lender shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Lender Default shall mean (a) the failure (which has not been cured) of a Lender to make available its portion of any
Borrowing or to fund its portion of any unreimbursed payment under Section 3.3 within two Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder or (b) a Lender having notified the Administrative Agent and/or
the Borrower that it does not intend to comply with the obligations under Section 2.1(b), 2.1(d) or 3.3, in the case of either clause (a) or (b) above or (c) a Lender becoming the
subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender Default shall not result solely by virtue of any control of or ownership interest, or the acquisition of any
ownership interest, in such Lender or the exercise of control over such Person by a governmental authority or instrumentality thereof if and for so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the
jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm
obligations such as those under this Agreement. 

22 

Letter of Credit shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.1(a) and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. 

Letter of Credit Commitment
shall mean $750,000,000, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 3.1. 

Letter
of Credit Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent amount of the principal amount of any Unpaid Drawings in respect of which such Lender has made (or is required to have made)
payments to the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to Section 3.4(a) at such time and (b) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the Letters of Credit Outstanding at such time (excluding the portion
thereof consisting of Unpaid Drawings in respect of which the Lenders have made (or are required to have made) payments to the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to Section 3.4(a)). 

Letter of Credit Fee shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.1(b). 

Letter of Credit Issuer shall mean each of Bank of America, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Barclays Bank PLC,
Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and any replacement or successor to any of them pursuant to Section 3.6. Any Letter of Credit Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of
Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Letter of Credit Issuer, and in each such case the term Letter of Credit Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. In the event that there
is more than one Letter of Credit Issuer at any time, references herein and in the other Credit Documents to the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be deemed to refer to the Letter of Credit Issuer in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit or to all
Letter of Credit Issuers, as the context requires. 

Letter of Credit Request shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.2(a). 

Letter of Credit Sublimit shall mean, as to any Letter of Credit Issuer, the
amount set forth under the heading Letter of Credit Sublimit on Schedule 1.1(a) or, in the case of a Letter of Credit Issuer that becomes a Letter of Credit Issuer after the Closing Date, the amount notified in writing to the
Administrative Agent by the Borrower and such Letter of Credit Issuer; provided that the Letter of Credit Sublimit of any Letter of Credit Issuer may be increased or decreased if agreed in writing between the Borrower and such Letter of
Credit Issuer (each acting in its sole discretion) and notified in writing to the Administrative Agent by such Persons. 

Letters
of Credit Outstanding shall mean, at any time, the sum of, without duplication, (a) the aggregate Stated Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (b) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent amount of the principal amount of all
Unpaid Drawings in respect of all Letters of Credit. 

Level I Status shall mean, on any date, the
circumstance that the Borrower receives a Debt Rating greater than or equal to BBB+ (or the equivalent) by S&P or Baa1 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Level II Status shall mean, on any date, the circumstance that the Borrower receives a Debt Rating equal
to BBB (or the equivalent) by S&P or Baa2 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

23 

Level III Status shall mean, on any date, the
circumstance that the Borrower receives a Debt Rating equal to BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P or Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Level IV Status shall mean, on any date, the circumstance that the Borrower receives a Debt Rating equal
to BB+ (or the equivalent) by S&P or Ba1 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Level V Status
shall mean, on any date, the circumstance that the Borrower receives a Debt Rating less than BB+ (or the equivalent) by S&P or Ba1 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, hypothecation, assignment, lien (statutory or other) or similar
encumbrance (including any agreement to give any of the foregoing, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or any lease in the nature thereof). 

Loan shall mean any Revolving Credit Loan, Swingline Loan or New Revolving Loan made by any Lender hereunder. 

Management Investors shall mean the directors, management officers and employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Mandatory Borrowing shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.1(d). 

Master Agreement shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Swap Contract. 

Material Acquisition shall mean any acquisition or acquisitions of (a) equity interests in any Person if, after giving
effect thereto, such Person will become a Subsidiary or (b) assets comprising all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line, line of business, and/or some
combination of the foregoing, of) any Person; provided that the aggregate consideration therefor (including Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith, all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price therefor (including
obligations under any purchase price adjustment but excluding earn-out or similar payments) and all other consideration payable in connection with such acquisition or series of related transactions (including
payment obligations in respect of noncompetition agreements or other arrangements representing acquisition consideration)) equals or exceeds $1,250,000,000, which aggregate consideration may be calculated, at the Borrowers election, as the
aggregate consideration of up to three (3) unrelated acquisitions or unrelated series of related acquisitions which occurred during the last twelve-month period immediately preceding the Borrowers election to use the Material Acquisition Step-Up;provided, further, that, for the avoidance of doubt, any series of related acquisitions shall only count as one (1) acquisition for the purposes of this definition. 

Material Acquisition Step-Up shall have the meaning provided in
Section 10.4. 

Material Adverse Effect shall mean a circumstance or condition affecting the
business, assets, operations, properties or financial condition of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would materially adversely affect (a) the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under this
Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents. 

24 

Minimum Borrowing Amount shall mean (a) with respect to a Borrowing
of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, $10,000,000 (or, if less, the entire remaining unfunded Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at the time of such Borrowing), (b) with respect to a Borrowing of ABR Loans (other than Swingline
Loans), $1,000,000 (or, if less, the entire remaining unfunded Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at the time of such Borrowing), (c) with respect to a Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Sterling, 5,000,000 (or,
if less, the Available Commitments at the time of such Borrowing) and (d) with respect to a Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Euro, 10,000,000 (or, if less, the Available Commitments at the time of such Borrowing). 

Moodys shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor by merger or consolidation to its business.

Multicurrency Exposure shall mean, for any Revolving Credit Lender at any date, the sum of (a) the aggregate
Dollar Equivalent amount of the principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies of such Lender then outstanding, and (b) such Lenders Letter of Credit Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit denominated
in Alternative Currencies at such time. 

Multicurrency Sublimit shall mean, at any date, the lesser of (x) $400,000,000
and (y) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such date. 

Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan as
defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

New Revolving Credit Commitments shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.14(a). 

New Revolving Loan shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.14(b). 

New Revolving Loan Lender shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.14(b). 

Non-Cash Charges shall mean
(a) losses on asset sales, disposals or abandonments, (b) any impairment charge or asset write-off related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and investments in debt and
equity securities pursuant to GAAP, (c) all losses from investments recorded using the equity method, (d) stock-based awards compensation expense, including any such charges arising from stock options, restricted stock grants or other
equity incentive grants, and (e) other non-cash charges (provided that if any non-cash charges referred to in this clause (e) represent an
accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent). 

Non-Consenting Lender shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.7(b). 

25 

Non-Defaulting Lender shall mean
and include each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. 

Non-Extending Lender
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(a). 

Non-Extension Notice Date shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.2(d). 

Non-Reinstatement Deadline shall
have the meaning provided in Section 3.2(e). 

Non-U.S.
Lender shall mean any Lender that is not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

Notice of Borrowing shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.3(b). 

Notice of Conversion or Continuation shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.6(a). 

Obligations shall mean all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower arising
under any Credit Document or otherwise with respect to any Revolving Credit Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit, in each case, entered into with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by
assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof of any proceeding under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 

OFAC shall mean the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Other Taxes shall mean any and all present or future stamp, registration, documentary or any other similar property or
excise Taxes arising from any payment made or required to be made under this Agreement or any other Credit Document or from the execution or delivery of, registration or enforcement of, consummation or administration of, or otherwise with respect
to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 

Overnight Rate shall mean, for any day, (a) with respect to any
amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuer, or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or Letter of Credit Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

Park View shall mean Park View Insurance Company, an insurance
company formed under the laws of the State of Tennessee. 

Participant shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.6(c)(i). 

26 

Participant Register shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.6(c)(i). 

Participating Member State shall mean each state so described in any EMU
Legislation. 

Patriot Act shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.18. 

PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Section 4002 of ERISA, or any
successor thereto. 

Permitted Liens shall mean: 

(a) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims (i) not yet delinquent or that are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which appropriate reserves have been established to the extent required by and in accordance with GAAP or (ii) so long as such Liens do not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse
Effect; 

(b) Liens in respect of property or assets of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries arising or imposed by law,
such as landlords, carriers, warehousemens, mechanics materialmens, repairmens or construction contractors Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, in each case so long as
such Liens arise in the ordinary course of business and do not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) Liens arising from judgments or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under
Section 11.11; 

(d) Liens incurred or pledges, deposits or security made (i) in connection
with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security, or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or other insurance-related obligations (including, but not limited to, in
respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto) and (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank
guarantees or similar instrument for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause
(i) or (ii) good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person
or deposits of cash or U.S. government bonds to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of
business; 

(e) ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries are located; 

27 

(f) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar charges or encumbrances not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole; 

(g) any interest or title of a lessor or secured by a lessors interest under any lease not
prohibited by this Agreement; 

(h) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure
payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(i) Liens on goods the purchase price of which is
financed by a documentary letter of credit issued for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that such Lien secures only the obligations of the Borrower or such Subsidiaries in respect of such letter of credit to the
extent not prohibited under Section 10.1; 

(j) leases or subleases granted to others not
interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(k)
Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings made in respect of operating leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and 

(l) Liens created in the ordinary course of business in favor of banks and other financial institutions over credit balances of
any bank accounts of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries held at such banks or financial institutions, as the case may be, to facilitate the operation of cash pooling and/or interest set-off arrangements in
respect of such bank accounts in the ordinary course of business. 

Permitted Sale Leaseback shall mean any Sale
Leaseback consummated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date; provided that any such Sale Leaseback not between (i) the Borrower and a Subsidiary or (ii) a Subsidiary and another Subsidiary is consummated
for fair value as determined at the time of consummation in good faith by the Borrower or such Subsidiary and, in the case of any Sale Leaseback (or series of related Sales Leasebacks) the aggregate proceeds of which exceed $250,000,000, the board
of directors of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (which such determination may take into account any retained interest or other Investment of the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with, and any other material economic terms of, such Sale
Leaseback). 

Person shall mean any individual, partnership, joint venture, firm, corporation, limited liability
company, association, trust or other enterprise or any Governmental Authority. 

Physician shall mean a doctor of
medicine or osteopathy, a doctor of dental surgery or dental medicine, a doctor of podiatric medicine, a doctor of optometry or a chiropractor. 

Plan shall mean any multiemployer or single-employer plan, as defined in Section 4001 of ERISA and subject to Title IV
of ERISA, that is or was within any of the preceding six plan years maintained or contributed to by (or to which there is or was an obligation to contribute or to make payments to) the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate. 

28 

Platform shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.17(b). 

Post-Transaction Period shall mean, with respect to any Specified
Transaction, the period beginning on the date such Specified Transaction is consummated and ending on the last day of the eighth full consecutive fiscal quarter immediately following the date on which such Specified Transaction is consummated. 

Pro Forma Adjustment shall mean, for any Test Period that includes all or any part of a fiscal quarter included in any
Post-Transaction Period, with respect to the Acquired EBITDA of the applicable Acquired Entity or Business or the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower, the pro forma increase or decrease in such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the
case may be, projected by the Borrower in good faith as a result of (a) actions taken prior to or during such Post-Transaction Period, for the purposes of realizing reasonably identifiable and quantifiable cost savings, or (b) any
additional costs incurred prior to or during such Post-Transaction Period, in each case in connection with the combination of the operations of such Acquired Entity or Business with the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;
provided that (i) at the election of the Borrower, such Pro Forma Adjustment shall not be required to be determined for any Acquired Entity or Business to the extent the aggregate consideration paid in connection with such acquisition
was less than $300,000,000 and (ii) so long as such actions are taken prior to or during such Post-Transaction Period or such costs are incurred prior to or during such Post-Transaction Period, as applicable, it may be assumed, for purposes of
projecting such pro forma increase or decrease to such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, that the applicable amount of such cost savings will be realizable during the entirety of such Test Period, or the applicable
amount of such additional costs, as applicable, will be incurred during the entirety of such Test Period; provided, further, that any such pro forma increase or decrease to such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case
may be, shall be without duplication for cost savings or additional costs already included in such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, for such Test Period. 

Pro Forma Basis, Pro Forma Compliance and Pro Forma Effect shall mean, with respect
to compliance with any test, financial ratio or covenant hereunder required by the terms of this Agreement to be made on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, that (A) to the extent applicable, the Pro Forma Adjustment
shall have been made and (B) all Specified Transactions and the following transactions in connection therewith that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or, except for purposes of determining actual compliance with
Section 10.4, subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement in such
test, financial ratio or covenant: (a) income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction, (i) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
substantially all Stock in any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any division, product line, or facility used for operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be excluded, and (ii) in the case of an Investment described in the
definition of Specified Transaction, shall be included, (b) any retirement of Indebtedness, and (c) any incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in connection therewith (it being
agreed that if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with
respect 

29 

to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination and interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the
average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period); provided that, without limiting the application of the Pro Forma Adjustment pursuant to (A) above (but without duplication thereof), the foregoing pro forma
adjustments may be applied to any such test or covenant solely to the extent that such adjustments are consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA and give effect to events (including operating expense reductions) that are
(i) (x) directly attributable to such transaction, (y) expected to have a continuing impact on the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and (z) factually supportable or (ii) otherwise consistent with the definition of Pro Forma
Adjustment. 

Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment shall mean, for any relevant period that includes all or a portion of
a fiscal quarter included in any Post-Transaction Period with respect to any Sold Entity or Business, the pro forma increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA projected by the Borrower in good faith as a result of contractual arrangements between
the Borrower or any Subsidiary entered into with such Sold Entity or Business at the time of its disposal or within the Post-Transaction Period and which represents an increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA which is incremental to the Disposed
EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business for such period. 

Pro Forma Entity shall have the meaning provided in the
definition of Acquired EBITDA. 

PTE shall mean a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S.
Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

Public Lender shall have the meaning
provided in Section 14.17(b). 

QFC shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.21(b). 

QFC Credit Support shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.21. 

Qualified Equity Interest shall mean any Stock or Stock Equivalent that does
not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest. 

Real Estate shall have the meaning provided in
Section 9.1(f). 

Register shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.6(b)(iv). 

Regulation T shall mean Regulation T of the
Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements. 

Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to
all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements. 

Regulation X shall mean
Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor to all or a portion thereof establishing margin requirements. 

Reimbursement Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.4(a). 

30 

Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such
Persons Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors of such Person and any Person that possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such
Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. 

Relevant Rate initially shall
mean with respect to any Loan denominated in (a) Dollars, SOFR, (b) Sterling, SONIA or (c) Euros, EURIBOR, as applicable, and in each case, if such rate is replaced pursuant to Section 2.10, any replacement
rate in respect thereof. 

Reportable Event shall mean an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA and the
regulations thereunder, other than any event as to which the thirty day notice period has been waived. 

Required
Lenders shall mean, at any date, Non-Defaulting Lenders holding more than 50% of the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of (i) the undrawn Commitments on such date and (ii) the outstanding
principal amount of the Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure in the aggregate at such date; provided that Commitments, Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure of Defaulting Lenders shall be excluded for all purposes of this definition. 

Requirement of Law shall mean, as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and
by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, official administrative pronouncement or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other
Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or assets or to which such Person or any of its property or assets is subject. 

Rescindable Amount shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.3(c). 

Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority. 

Response Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.15(a). 

Revaluation Date shall mean (a) with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan, each of the following: (i) each date
of a Borrowing of a Revolving Credit Loan or Swingline Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to Section 2.6, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall
determine or the Required Lenders shall require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of any such Letter of Credit, (ii) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit
having the effect of increasing the amount thereof (solely with respect to the increased amount), (iii) each date of any payment by the Letter of Credit Issuer under any Letter of Credit, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative
Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 

Revolving Credit Borrowing
shall mean a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Revolving Credit Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to
Section 2.1(b). 

31 

Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, (a) with respect to each
Lender that is a Lender on the Closing Date, the amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment set forth on Schedule 1.1(a) and (b) in the case of any Lender that becomes a Lender after the Closing Date, the amount specified
as such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender assumed a portion of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, in each case of the same may be changed from time to time
pursuant to terms hereof. The aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment as of the Closing Date is $8,000,000,000. 

Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage shall mean at any time, for each Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing
(a) such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment at such time by (b) the amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such time; provided that at any time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been
terminated, each Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage shall be the percentage obtained by dividing (a) such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure at such time by (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure of all
Lenders at such time. 

Revolving Credit Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of
(a) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent amount of the principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans of such Lender then outstanding, (b) such Lenders Letter of Credit Exposure at such time and (c) such Lenders Revolving Credit
Commitment Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Swingline Loans at such time. 

Revolving Credit
Facility shall mean the Revolving Credit Commitments and the extensions of credit thereunder. 

Revolving Credit
Lender shall mean, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time. 

Revolving Credit
Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.1(b). 

Revolving Credit Maturity
Date shall mean the later of (a) February 20, 2030 and (b) if maturity is extended pursuant to Section 2.15, such extended maturity date as determined pursuant to such Section; provided,
however, that in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 

Revolving Credit Termination Date shall mean the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments shall have terminated, no
Revolving Credit Loans shall be outstanding and the Letters of Credit Outstanding shall have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized. 

S&P shall mean Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any
successor thereto. 

Sale Leaseback shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (a) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of any property, real or personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction, thereafter rents or leases such property or
other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold, transferred or disposed. 

32 

Sanction(s) shall mean any sanctions, trade embargoes or similar
restrictions administered or enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His Majestys Treasury. 

Sanctioned Person shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.17. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(b)(ii). 

SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 

SEC Reports shall mean any filings (including Annual Report on Form 10-K, or
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Current Report on Form 8-K) and reports filed or furnished by Holdings to the SEC prior to the Closing Date (but excluding any
disclosure contained in any such reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents under the heading Risk Factors or Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements or disclosures that are predictive or
forward-looking in nature). 

Section 2.14(e) Additional Amendment shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.14(e). 

Section 9.1 Financials shall mean the financial
statements delivered, or required to be delivered, pursuant to Section 9.1(a) or (b) together with the accompanying officers certificate delivered, or required to be delivered, pursuant to
Section 9.1(d). 

Significant Subsidiary shall mean, at any date of determination, any
Subsidiary that would constitute a significant subsidiary under Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X as adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as in force on the date of this Agreement. 

SOFR shall mean the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a
successor administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment shall mean 0.10% (10 basis points) per annum. 

SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor
administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Sold Entity or Business shall have the meaning provided in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA. 

Solvent shall mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of
the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to
pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay

33 

such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such
Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the
amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

SONIA shall mean, with respect to any
applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations
as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); providedhowever that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA shall mean such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto.

Specified Event of Default shall mean an Event of Default under Section 11.1 or 11.5.

Specified Transaction shall mean, with respect to any period, any Investment, acquisition, sale, transfer or other
disposition of assets, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, dividend, New Revolving Credit Commitment or other event that by the terms of this Agreement requires Pro Forma Compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such
test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto. 

Stated
Amount of any Letter of Credit shall mean the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount from time to time available to be drawn thereunder, determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met; provided,
however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the Stated Amount shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent
of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

Status shall mean, as to the Borrower as of any date, the existence of Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III
Status, Level IV Status or Level V Status, as the case may be, on such date. Decreases in the Applicable ABR Margin, the Applicable Alternative Currency Margin, the Applicable Term SOFR Margin and the Commitment Fee Rate resulting from a change
in Status shall become effective upon the delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of notice upon the Borrower becoming aware of any change in Status. Increases in the Applicable ABR Margin, the Applicable Alternative Currency Margin,
the Applicable Term SOFR Margin and the Commitment Fee Rate resulting from a change in Status shall become effective on the effective date of any downgrade or withdrawal in the Debt Rating by Moodys or S&P, as applicable. Additionally,
(i) if the respective Debt Ratings issued by Moodys and S&P differ by one level, then the Status for the higherDebt Rating will apply (with the Debt Rating for Level I Status being the highest and the Debt Rating for Level V
Status being the lowest), (ii) if there is a split in Debt Ratings of more than one level, then the Status applicable to the Debt Rating that is one level lower than the higher Debt Rating will apply, (iii) if the Borrower has only one Debt
Rating, then the Status applicable to such Debt Rating will apply and (iv) if the Borrower does not have any Debt Rating, then Level V Status will apply. 

34 

Sterling or shall mean lawful currency of the
United Kingdom. 

Stock shall mean shares of capital stock or shares in the capital, as the case may be (whether
denominated as common stock or preferred stock or ordinary shares or preferred shares, as the case may be), beneficial, partnership or membership interests, participations or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or equivalent entity, whether voting or non-voting.

Stock Equivalents shall mean all securities convertible into or exchangeable for Stock and all warrants, options or other
rights to purchase or subscribe for any Stock, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. 

Subsidiary of any Person shall mean and include (a) any corporation more than 50% of whose Stock of any class or
classes having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time Stock of any class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by
reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries and (b) any limited liability company, partnership, association, joint venture or other entity of which such Person
(i) directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries owns or controls more than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partner interests and (ii) is a controlling general
partner or otherwise controls such entity at such time; in each case excluding unconsolidated condominium associations and provided that, solely for purposes of calculating any financial definition set forth in this agreement for the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and clauses (a), (b) and (d) of Section 9.1, each Consolidated Person shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all
references herein to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Successor Borrower shall have
the meaning provided in Section 10.3(a). 

Successor Rate shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.10(b). 

Supported QFC shall have the meaning provided in
Section 14.21. 

Swap Contract shall mean (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis
swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward
bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency
options, spot contracts, or other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and
(b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any
International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master
Agreement. 

35 

Swingline Borrowing shall mean a borrowing of a Swingline Loan pursuant
to Section 2.1(c). 

Swingline Commitment shall mean $250,000,000. 

Swingline Lender shall mean Bank of America, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 

Swingline Loans shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.1(c). 

Swingline Maturity Date shall mean, with respect to any Swingline Loan, the date that is five Business Days prior to the
Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

Syndication Agent shall mean Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, together with its
Affiliates, as syndication agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 

Syndications
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Disqualified Equity Interests. 

T2 shall mean the real
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 

TARGET Day shall mean any day on
which T2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 

Taxes shall mean any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, assessments, deductions, withholdings or
other similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority whether computed on a separate, consolidated, unitary, combined or other basis and any interest, fines, penalties or additions to tax with respect to the foregoing. 

Term SOFR shall mean: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such determination
date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate
with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government
Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; 

36 

provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing clause
(a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan shall mean a Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Term SOFR (other than a Loan bearing
interest at a rate determined by reference to Term SOFR pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR). 

Term SOFR Replacement Date shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(b). 

Term SOFR Revolving Credit Loans shall mean any Revolving Credit Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to
Term SOFR (other than a Revolving Credit Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Term SOFR pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR). 

Term SOFR Screen Rate shall mean the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 

Test Period shall mean, for any determination under this Agreement, the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower
then last ended. 

Total Credit Exposure shall mean, at any date, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such date
(or, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have terminated on such date, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders at such date). 

Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean the sum of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all the Lenders. 

Transferee shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.6(e). 

Type shall mean, as to any Revolving Credit Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan, a Term SOFR Revolving Credit Loan, an
Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. 

UK Financial Institution shall mean
any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

37 

Unfunded Current Liability of any Plan shall mean the amount, if any, by
which the Accumulated Benefit Obligation (as defined under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715 (ASC 715)) under the Plan as of the close of its most recent plan year, determined in accordance with ASC 715 as in effect on
the Closing Date, exceeds the fair market value of the assets allocable thereto. 

United States Tax Compliance
Certificate shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.4(d)(2)(C). 

Unpaid
Drawing shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.4(a). 

U.S. Government Securities
Business Day shall mean any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business
because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes shall have the meaning provided in Section 14.21. 

Voting Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons Stock or Stock Equivalents having the right to vote
for the election of directors of such Person under ordinary circumstances. 

Withdrawal Liability shall mean the
liability to any Multiemployer Plan as the result of a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower (or any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower) from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of
Title IV of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent shall mean the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any U.S.
federal withholding Tax, any other applicable withholding agent. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean,
(a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member
Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under
the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of
that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

1.2. Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Credit Document, unless otherwise specified herein
or in such other Credit Document: 

(a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural
forms of the defined terms. 

38 

(b) The words herein, hereto, hereof and
hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Credit Document shall refer to such Credit Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 

(c) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Credit Document in which such reference appears. 

(d) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 

(e) The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports,
financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 

(f) In the computation
of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word
through means to and including. 

(g) Section headings herein and in the other Credit Documents are
included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 

(h) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or
transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a
merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person
hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

1.3. Accounting Terms. 

(a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data
(including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all
obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance on February 25, 2016 of the Accounting Standards Update
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the ASU) shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and
calculations for purposes of this Agreement(whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or
otherwise) to be treated as capitalized lease obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement. 

39 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for purposes of determining compliance
with any test or covenant contained in this Agreement, the Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio or any other financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, including to give effect to all Specified Transactions
that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or, except for purposes of Section 10.4, subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made, and in
making any determination on a Pro Forma Basis, such calculations shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

1.4. Rounding. Any
financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the
other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is
no nearest number). 

1.5. References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to
organizational documents, agreements (including the Credit Documents) and other Contractual Requirements shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications
thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Credit Document; and (b) references to any Requirement of Law shall
include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Requirement of Law. 

1.6. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. 

(a) For purposes of determining compliance with Sections 10.1 and 10.2, with respect to any amount of Indebtedness denominated
in a currency other than Dollars, compliance will be determined at the time of incurrence or advancing thereof using the Dollar Equivalent thereof. 

(b) The Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Borrowings, L/C
Borrowings and Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur.
Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the
Credit Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as applicable. 

(c) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or the
issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be
the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as the
case may be. 

40 

1.7. Interest Rates; Licensing. 

(a) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect
to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is
an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative
Agent and its Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor
Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable
discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such
information source or service. 

(b) By agreeing to make Loans under this Agreement, each Lender is confirming it has all licenses, permits
and approvals necessary for use of the reference rates referred to herein and it will do all things necessary to comply, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect such licenses, permits and approvals. 

1.8. [Reserved]. 

1.9.
Divisions. 

Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or
similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company or other Person, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company or other Person (or, in the case of a merger, consolidation or
amalgamation, the unwinding of such a division or allocation) (any such transaction, a Division), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as
applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any Division of a limited liability company or other Person shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each Division of any limited liability company or other Person that is a Subsidiary, joint
venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

1.10. Certain Determinations. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b)
[Reserved]. 

41 

(c) If any Lien, Indebtedness, or other transaction, action, judgment or amount (any of the
foregoing in concurrent transactions, a single transaction or a series of related transactions) is incurred, issued, taken or consummated in reliance on categories of baskets measured by reference to a percentage of Consolidated Total Assets or
Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, and any Lien, Indebtedness, or other transaction, action, judgment or amount (including in connection with refinancing thereof) would subsequently exceed the applicable percentage of Consolidated Total Assets or
Consolidated Net Tangible Assets if calculated based on the Consolidated Total Assets or Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, as applicable on a later date (including the date of any refinancing or reclassification), such percentage of Consolidated
Total Assets or Consolidated Net Tangible Assets will not be deemed to be exceeded (so long as, in the case of refinancing any Indebtedness (and any related Lien), the principal amount or the liquidation preference of such newly incurred or issued
Indebtedness does not exceed the maximum principal amount or liquidation preference in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, extended, replaced, refunded, renewed or defeased). 

(d) For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise provided herein, if the applicable date for meeting any requirement hereunder or under any
other Credit Document falls on a day that is not a Business Day, compliance with such requirement shall not be required until the first Business Day following such applicable date. 

SECTION 2. Amount and Terms of Credit

2.1. Loans. 

(a)
[Reserved]. 

(b) (1) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, each Lender having a Revolving Credit Commitment
severally agrees to make a loan or loans denominated in Dollars or Alternative Currencies (each a Revolving Credit Loan and, collectively, the Revolving Credit Loans) to the Borrower, which Revolving Credit
Loans (A) shall be made at any time and from time to time prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (B) may, at the option of the Borrower be incurred and maintained as, and/or converted into, ABR Loans or Term SOFR Revolving Credit
Loans (each in the case of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars only), Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans; provided that all Revolving Credit Loans made by each of the Lenders pursuant to
the same Borrowing shall, unless otherwise specifically provided herein, consist entirely of Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, (C) may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance with the provisions hereof, (D) shall not, for any Lender
at any time, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, result in such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure plus, without duplication, the amount of Swingline Loans outstanding that are held by such Lender
and the face amount of Letters of Credit outstanding at such time issued by such Lender at such time exceeding such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, (E) shall not, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the
proceeds thereof, result at any time in the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures at such time exceeding the Total Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect and (F) shall not, after giving effect thereto and to the
application of the proceeds thereof, result at any time in the Aggregate Multicurrency Exposures at such time exceeding the Multicurrency Sublimit then in effect. 

42 

(2) Each Lender may at its option make any Term SOFR Loan, Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loan or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that (A) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the
Borrower to repay such Loan and (B) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use its reasonable efforts to minimize any increased costs to the Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of the Lender shall not require it to take, or
refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it determines would be otherwise disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which
compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.10 shall apply). On the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, all Revolving Credit Loans shall be repaid in full. 

(c) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Swingline Lender in its individual capacity agrees, at any time and
from time to time prior to the Swingline Maturity Date, to make a loan or loans (each a Swingline Loan and, collectively, the Swingline Loans) to the Borrower in Dollars, which Swingline Loans (i) shall be
ABR Loans, (ii) shall have the benefit of the provisions of Section 2.1(d), (iii) shall not exceed at any time outstanding the Swingline Commitment, (iv) shall not, after giving pro forma effect thereto and to the
application of the proceeds thereof, result at any time in the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures at such time exceeding the Total Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect and (v) may be repaid and reborrowed in
accordance with the provisions hereof. Each outstanding Swingline Loan shall be repaid in full on the earlier of (a) fifteen (15) Business Days after such Swingline Loan is initially borrowed and (b) the Swingline Maturity Date. The
Swingline Lender shall not make any Swingline Loan after receiving a written notice from the Borrower or the Administrative Agent stating that a Default or Event of Default exists and is continuing until such time as the Swingline Lender shall have
received written notice (i) of rescission of all such notices from the party or parties originally delivering such notice, (ii) the waiver of such Default or Event of Default in accordance with the provisions of
Section 14.1 or (iii) from the Administrative Agent that such Default or Event of Default is no longer continuing. 

(d) On any Business Day, the Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, give notice to each Revolving Credit Lender, with a copy to the
Borrower, that all then-outstanding Swingline Loans shall be funded with a Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars, in which case Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars constituting ABR Loans (each such Borrowing, a
Mandatory Borrowing) shall be made on the immediately succeeding Business Day by each Revolving Credit Lender pro rata based on each Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage, and the proceeds thereof shall be applied
directly to the Swingline Lender to repay the Swingline Lender for such outstanding Swingline Loans. Each Revolving Credit Lender hereby irrevocably agrees to make such Revolving Credit Loans upon one Business Days notice pursuant to each
Mandatory Borrowing in the amount and in the manner specified in the preceding sentence and on the date specified to it in writing by the Swingline Lender notwithstanding (i) that the amount of the Mandatory Borrowing may not comply with the
minimum amount for each Borrowing specified in Section 2.2, (ii) whether any conditions specified in Section 7 are then satisfied, (iii) whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, (iv) the date of such Mandatory Borrowing or (v) any reduction in the Total Revolving Credit Commitment after any such Swingline Loans were made. In the event that, in 

43 

the sole judgment of the Swingline Lender, any Mandatory Borrowing cannot for any reason be made on the date otherwise required above (including as a result of the commencement of a proceeding
under the Bankruptcy Code in respect of the Borrower), each Revolving Credit Lender hereby agrees that it shall forthwith purchase from the Swingline Lender (without recourse or warranty) such participation of the outstanding Swingline Loans as
shall be necessary to cause the Lenders to share in such Swingline Loans ratably based upon their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages; provided that all principal and interest payable on such Swingline Loans shall be for the
account of the Swingline Lender until the date the respective participation is purchased and, to the extent attributable to the purchased participation, shall be payable to such Lender purchasing same from and after such date of purchase. 

2.2. Minimum Amount of Each Borrowing; Maximum Number of Borrowings. The aggregate principal amount of each Borrowing of Revolving
Credit Loans shall be in a minimum amount of at least the Minimum Borrowing Amount for such Type of Loans and Swingline Loans shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000 (except that Mandatory Borrowings shall be made in the amounts required by
Section 2.1(d) and Revolving Credit Loans to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to any Unpaid Drawing shall be made in the amounts required by Section 3.3 or
Section 3.4, as applicable). More than one Borrowing may be incurred on any date; provided that at no time shall there be outstanding more than 30 Borrowings of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans
under this Agreement. 

2.3. Notice of Borrowing. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) Whenever
the Borrower desires to incur Revolving Credit Loans (other than Mandatory Borrowings or borrowings to repay Unpaid Drawings), it shall give the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office, (i) prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York
City time) at least two Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree) of each Borrowing of Term SOFR Revolving Credit
Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) prior to 12:00 Noon (New York City time) at least four Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent
shall reasonably agree) of the Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans that are Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans and (iii) prior to 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing prior
written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree) of each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans that are ABR Loans. Each such notice (together with each
notice of a Borrowing of Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.3(c), a Notice of Borrowing), except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 2.10, shall specify (i) the
aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans to be made pursuant to such Borrowing, (ii) the date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day) and (iii) whether the respective Borrowing shall consist of ABR Loans (in the case
of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars), Term SOFR Revolving Credit Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans and, if Term SOFR Revolving Credit Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, the
Interest Period to be initially applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give each Revolving Credit Lender written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each proposed Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans,
of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage thereof and of the other matters covered by the related Notice of Borrowing. 

44 

(c) Whenever the Borrower desires to incur Swingline Loans hereunder, it shall give the
Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each Borrowing of Swingline Loans prior to 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing (or such shorter time period as the
Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree). Each such notice shall specify (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Loans to be made pursuant to such Borrowing and (ii) the date of Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day).
The Administrative Agent shall promptly give the Swingline Lender written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each proposed Borrowing of Swingline Loans and of the other matters covered by the related Notice of Borrowing.

(d) Mandatory Borrowings shall be made upon the notice specified in Section 2.1(d), with the Borrower
irrevocably agreeing, by its incurrence of any Swingline Loan, to the making of Mandatory Borrowings as set forth in such Section. 

(e)
Borrowings to reimburse Unpaid Drawings shall be made upon the notice specified in Section 3.4(a). 

(f) Without
in any way limiting the obligation of the Borrower to confirm in writing any notice it may give hereunder by telephone, the Administrative Agent may act to make a payment to an existing authorized account of the Borrower prior to receipt of written
confirmation without liability upon the basis of such telephonic notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not make a request for
any payments to an account other than an existing authorized account of the Borrower by telephone). 

(g) Any written notice to be given
hereunder may be given in any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent. 

2.4. Disbursement of Funds. 

(a) No later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date specified in each Notice of Borrowing (including Mandatory Borrowings), each
Lender will make available its pro rata portion, if any, of each Borrowing requested to be made on such date in the manner provided below; provided that all Swingline Loans shall be made available in the full amount thereof by the Swingline
Lender no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date requested. 

(b) Each Lender shall make available all amounts it is to
fund to the Borrower under any Borrowing for its applicable Commitments, and in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office in the applicable currency and the Administrative Agent will (except in
the case of Mandatory Borrowings and Borrowings to repay Unpaid Drawings) make available to the Borrower, by depositing to an account designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent the aggregate of the amounts so made available in the
applicable currency. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender (x) in the case of any Borrowing of Loans other than ABR Loans, prior to the date of any such 

45 

Borrowing or (y) in the case of any Borrowing of ABR Loans, prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing, in each case, that such Lender does not intend to make
available to the Administrative Agent its portion of the Borrowing or Borrowings to be made on such date, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date of Borrowing, and
the Administrative Agent, in reliance upon such assumption, may (in its sole discretion and without any obligation to do so) make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the
Administrative Agent by such Lender and the Administrative Agent has made available such amount to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount from such Lender. If such Lender does not pay such
corresponding amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agents demand therefor the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent in the
applicable currency. The Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover from such Lender or the Borrower interest on such corresponding amount in respect of each day from the date such corresponding amount was made available by the
Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such corresponding amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to (i) if paid by such Lender, the Overnight Rate or (ii) if paid by the Borrower, the
then-applicable rate of interest or fees, calculated in accordance with Section 2.8, for the respective Loans. 

(c) Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its commitments
hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to fulfill
its commitments hereunder). 

2.5. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt; Notes. 

(a) The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders, on the Revolving Credit Maturity
Date, the then outstanding Revolving Credit Loans made to the Borrower in the currencies in which such Revolving Credit Loans are denominated. The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent, in Dollars, for the account of the Swingline Lender,
on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days after the date such Swingline Loan is made and (ii) the Swingline Maturity Date, the then-outstanding Swingline Loans. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c)
[Reserved]. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to the
appropriate lending office of such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such lending office of such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such lending office of such Lender from time to time
under this Agreement. 

46 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register pursuant to
Section 14.6(b), and a subaccount for each Lender, in which Register and subaccounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type of each Loan made, the currency in which made
and the Interest Period, if any, applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender or the Swingline Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any
sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lenders share thereof. 

(g) The entries made in the
Register and accounts and subaccounts maintained pursuant to clauses (e) and (f) of this Section 2.5 shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts
of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such account, such Register or such subaccount, as applicable, or any error therein, shall
not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(h) If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Borrower shall execute and
deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person who is an assignee of such Lender pursuant to Section 14.6) promptly after the Borrowers receipt of such notice a note or
notes (in customary form) to evidence such Lenders Loan. 

2.6. Conversions and Continuations. 

(a) Subject to the penultimate sentence of this clause (a), (x) the Borrower shall have the option on any Business Day to convert all
or a portion equal to at least $10,000,000 of the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars of one Type into a Borrowing or Borrowings of another Type and (y) the Borrower shall have the option on any
Business Day to continue the outstanding principal amount of any Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans as Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, for an additional Interest Period; provided
that (i) no partial conversion of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall reduce the outstanding principal amount of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, made pursuant to a single
Borrowing to less than the Minimum Borrowing Amount, (ii) ABR Loans or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans may not be converted into Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, if a Default or Event of Default is
in existence on the date of the conversion and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their, as applicable, sole discretion not to permit such conversion, (iii) Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency
Term Rate Loans may not be continued as Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, for an additional Interest Period if a Default or Event of Default is in existence on the date of the proposed continuation and the
Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuation and (iv) Borrowings resulting from conversions pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be
limited in number as provided in Section 2.2. Each such conversion or continuation shall be effected by the Borrower by giving the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York
City time) at least (i) two Business Days notice, in the case of a continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Loans denominated in 

47 

Dollars (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree), (ii) four Business Days notice, in the case of a continuation or conversion to Alternative Currency
Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans denominated in the applicable Alternative Currency (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree) or (iii) one Business Days notice in the case of
a conversion into ABR Loans prior written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree) (each, a Notice of Conversion or Continuation)
specifying the Loans to be so converted or continued, the Type of Loans to be converted or continued into and, if such Loans are to be converted into or continued as Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, the Interest Period to be
initially applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent shall give each applicable Lender notice as promptly as practicable of any such proposed conversion or continuation affecting any of its Loans. Any written notice to be given hereunder may be
given in any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent. 

(b) If
any Default or Event of Default is in existence at the time of any proposed continuation of any Term SOFR Loans and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuation,
such Term SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted on the last day of the current Interest Period into ABR Loans. If upon the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of Term SOFR Loans, the Borrower has failed to elect a new Interest Period
to be applicable thereto as provided in clause (a), the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to have continued such Borrowing in the same Type and with the same Interest Period, effective as of the expiration date of such current Interest
Period. 

(c) No Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency. 

(d) With respect to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to
time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any
other Credit Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such
amendment becomes effective. 

2.7. Pro RataBorrowings. Each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans under this
Agreement shall be made by the Revolving Credit Lenders pro rata on the basis of their then-applicable Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages. It is understood that (a) no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in its
obligation to make Loans hereunder and that each Lender severally but not jointly shall be obligated to make the Loans provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to fulfill its commitments hereunder and
(b) other than as expressly provided herein with respect to a Defaulting Lender, failure by a Lender to perform any of its obligations under any of the Credit Documents shall not release any Person from performance of its obligation under any
Credit Document. 

48 

2.8. Interest. 

(a) The unpaid principal amount of each ABR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof (whether by
acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the Applicable ABR Margin plus the ABR, in each case, in effect from time to time. 

(b) The unpaid principal amount of each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity thereof
(whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the Applicable Term SOFR Margin plus the Term SOFR, in each case, in effect from time to time. 

(c) The unpaid principal amount of each Alternative Currency Loan shall bear interest from the date of the Borrowing thereof until maturity
thereof (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the Applicable Alternative Currency Margin plus the applicable Relevant Rate in effect from time to time. 

(d) If all or a portion of (i) the principal amount of any Loan or (ii) any interest payable thereon shall not be paid when due
(whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum that is (the Default Rate) (x) in the case of overdue principal, the rate that would otherwise be
applicable thereto plus 2.00% or (y) in the case of any overdue interest, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the rate described in Section 2.8(a)plus 2.00% from the date of such non-payment to the date on which such amount is paid in full (after as well as before judgment). 

(e)
Interest on each Loan shall accrue from and including the date of any Borrowing to but excluding the date of any repayment thereof and shall be payable in the same currency in which such Loan is denominated. Except as provided below, interest shall
be payable (i) in respect of each ABR Loan, quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, (ii) in respect of each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, on each date that is on the numerically
corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan, (iii) in respect of each Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto and, in the
case of an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each date occurring at three-month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period and (iv) in respect of each Loan (A) on any prepayment (on the amount prepaid but excluding
in any event prepayments of ABR Loans or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan), (B) at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and (C) after such maturity, on demand. 

(f) All computations of interest hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 5.5. 

(g) The Administrative Agent, upon determining the interest rate for any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans,
shall promptly notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders thereof. Each such determination shall, absent clearly demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. 

49 

2.9. Interest Periods. At the time the Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing or Notice
of Conversion or Continuation in respect of the making of, or conversion into or continuation as, a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in accordance with Section 2.6(a), the Borrower shall
have the right to elect by giving the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) the Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing, which Interest Period shall, at the option of the Borrower be a one,
three or six month period (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency pursuant to Section 2.10). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above: 

(a) the initial Interest Period for any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall commence on the date of such
Borrowing (including the date of any conversion from a Borrowing of ABR Loans) and each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on the day on which the next preceding Interest Period expires; 

(b) if any Interest Period relating to a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans begins on the last Business Day
of a calendar month or begins on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period; 

(c) if any Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire
on the next succeeding Business Day; provided that if any Interest Period in respect of a Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day but is a day of the month after which
no further Business Day occurs in such month, such Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding Business Day; and 

(d) the Borrower
shall not be entitled to elect any Interest Period in respect of any Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan if such Interest Period would extend beyond the Revolving Credit Maturity Date of such Loan. 

2.10. Inability to Determine Rate; Illegality. 

(a) Inability to Determine Rate. If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or a conversion
to or continuation thereof, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) no Successor Rate hasbeen determined in accordance with
Section 2.10(b), and the circumstances under Section 2.10(b)(i) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as applicable), or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist
for determining Term SOFR or the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency, as applicable, for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, in connection with an existing or proposed ABR Loan or with respect to a
proposed Alternative Currency Loan, as applicable, or (b) the Administrative Agent or Required Lenders determine that for any reason Term SOFR or the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency, as applicable, for any requested Interest Period
with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Loan, as applicable, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and the
Lenders. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the 

50 

Lenders to make, maintain, or to convert any Loans to, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans,
Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods, as applicable), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of ABR, the utilization of such component in determining ABR shall be
suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described above, until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such
notice, (I) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable (to the extent of the affected Alterative Currency Loans, Term SOFR Loans
or Interest Periods, as applicable) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for ABR Loans, and (II) (A) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall convert to ABR Loans at the end of their respective Interest
Periods and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such
outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be prepaid in full
immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower (x) in the
case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period
for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 

(b)
Successor Rates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or the Required Lenders notify the
Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or the Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one, three and six month interest periods of Term SOFR,
including because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis, and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the
Administrative Agent, CME or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one, three and six month interest periods of Term
SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. Dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided, that at the
time of such statement, there is no successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one, three and six month
interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

51 

then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, a Term SOFR
Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (b)(ii) above, no later than the Scheduled
Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any other applicable Credit Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the
Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, any Credit Document (the Successor Rate). If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR
Adjustment, all interest will be payable on a monthly basis. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) if the
Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, (y) if the Administrative Agent determines that the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency is not available or (z) if
the events or circumstances of the type described in clauses (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement
solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 2.10 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest
calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for such alternative benchmarks in similar syndicated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States
and denominated in U.S. Dollars or in such Alternative Currency for such alternative benchmarks, as applicable, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then
existing convention for such benchmarks in similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States and denominated in U.S. Dollars or in such Alternative Currency for such alternative benchmarks, as applicable. For the avoidance of
doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent posts such proposed amendment to
all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, the Required Lenders deliver to the Administrative Agent written notice that the Required Lenders object to the amendment. 

(c) The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the implementation of any Successor
Rate. A Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, that to the extent market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, the Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner
as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower). Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will
be deemed to be zerofor all purposes of the Credit Documents. 

52 

(d) With respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other
party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders
reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(e) Illegality. If, after the Closing Date, any Change in Law relating
to capital or liquidity adequacy requirements of any Lender or compliance by any Lender or its parent with any Change in Law relating to capital or liquidity adequacy requirements occurring after the Closing Date, has the effect of reducing the rate
of return on such Lenders or its parents capital or assets as a consequence of such Lenders commitments or obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or its parent could have achieved but for such Change in Law
(taking into consideration such Lenders or its parents policies with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time, promptly after demand by such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its parent for such reasonably determined reduction; provided that to the extent any increased costs or reductions are incurred by any Lender as a result of
(x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank
for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III after the Closing Date, then such Lender shall be
compensated pursuant to this Section 2.10(e) only if such Lender imposes such charges under other syndicated credit facilities containing provisions similar to this Section 2.10(e) involving
similarly situated borrowers that such Lender is a lender under. Each Lender, upon determining in good faith that any additional amounts will be payable pursuant to this Section 2.10(e), will give prompt written notice
thereof to the Borrower, which notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis of the calculation of such additional amounts, although the failure to give any such notice shall not, subject to Section 2.13, release or
diminish the Borrowers obligations to pay additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.10(e) upon receipt of such notice. 

2.11. Compensation. If (a) any payment of principal of any Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan is made by the
Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan as a result of a payment or conversion pursuant to Section 2.5,
2.6, 2.10, 5.1, 5.2 or 14.7, as a result of acceleration of the maturity of the Loans pursuant to Section 11 or for any other reason, (b) any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or
Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans is not made as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Borrowing, (c) any ABR Loan is not converted into a Term SOFR Loan as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Conversion or Continuation, (d) any Term SOFR
Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan is not continued as a Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as the case may be, as a result of a withdrawn Notice of Conversion or Continuation or (e) any prepayment of principal of
any Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan is not made as a result of a withdrawn notice of prepayment pursuant to Section 5.1 or 5.2, the Borrower shall, after receipt of a written request by such
Lender (which request shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or
expenses that such Lender may reasonably incur as a result of such payment, failure to convert, failure to continue or failure to prepay, including any loss, cost or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits) actually incurred by reason of the
liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Term SOFR Loan. 

53 

2.12. Change of Lending Office. Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any
event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.10(a), 3.5 or 5.4 with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such
Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by such event; provided that such designation is made on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, with the
object of avoiding the consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of any such Section. Nothing in this Section 2.12 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the right of any Lender
provided in Section 2.10, 3.5 or 5.4. 

2.13. Notice of Certain Costs. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any notice required by Section 2.10, 2.11 or 3.5 is given by any Lender more than 120 days after such Lender has knowledge of the occurrence of
the event giving rise to the additional cost, reduction in amounts, loss or other additional amounts described in such Sections, such Lender shall not be entitled to compensation under Section 2.10, 2.11 or
3.5, as the case may be, for any such amounts incurred or accruing prior to the 121st day prior to the giving of such notice to the Borrower; provided that, if the circumstance giving rise to such amounts is retroactive, then the 120-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

2.14. Incremental Facilities. 

(a) At any time following the Closing Date, the Borrower may by written notice to Administrative Agent elect to request the establishment of
one or more increases in or replacement classes of Revolving Credit Commitments (the New Revolving Credit Commitments), by an aggregate principal amount not in excess of $1,000,000,000 (such amount, the Incremental
Amount) at such time and not less than $100,000,000 individually (or such lesser amount as (x) may be approved by the Administrative Agent or (y) shall constitute the entire Incremental Amount at such time). Each such notice
shall specify the date (each, an Increased Amount Date) on which the Borrower proposes that the New Revolving Credit Commitments shall be effective, which shall be a date not less than ten Business Days (or such shorter period as
the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower may approach any Lender or any Person (other than a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or
trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons)) to provide all or a portion of the New Revolving Credit Commitments; provided that any Lender offered or approached to provide all or a portion of the
New Revolving Credit Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide a New Revolving Credit Commitment. In each case, such New Revolving Credit Commitments shall become effective as of the applicable Increased Amount Date;
provided that (i) no Event of Default shall exist on such Increased Amount Date before or after giving effect to such New Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable; (ii) each of the conditions set forth in
Section 7 shall be satisfied; (iii) the Borrower shall be in Pro Forma Compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 10.4; (iv) the New Revolving Credit Commitments shall be effected
pursuant 

54 

to one or more Joinder Agreements executed and delivered by the Borrower and Administrative Agent, and each of which shall be recorded in the Register and shall be subject to the requirements set
forth in Section 5.4(d); (v) the Borrower shall make any payments required pursuant to Section 2.11 in connection with the New Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable; (vi) the
Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any legal opinions, board resolutions or other documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with such transaction; and (vii) all fees and expenses owed to the
Administrative Agent and the applicable Lenders in respect of such New Revolving Credit Commitments shall be paid in full. 

(b) On any
Increased Amount Date on which New Revolving Credit Commitments are effected, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing terms and conditions, (a) each of the Lenders with Revolving Credit Commitments shall assign to each Lender with a New
Revolving Credit Commitment (each, a New Revolving Loan Lender) (provided that the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuers and the Swingline Lender shall have a right to consent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the relevant New Revolving Loan Lenders allocation of New Revolving Credit Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 14.6(b) for an assignment of Loans to such
New Revolving Loan Lender) and each of the New Revolving Loan Lenders shall purchase from each of the Lenders with Revolving Credit Commitments, at the principal amount thereof and in the applicable currencies (together with accrued interest), such
interests in the Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such Increased Amount Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, the Revolving Credit Loans will be held by existing Revolving Credit
Lenders and New Revolving Loan Lenders ratably in accordance with their Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to the addition of such New Revolving Credit Commitments to the Revolving Credit Commitments, (b) each New Revolving Credit
Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Revolving Credit Commitment and each Loan made thereunder (a New Revolving Loan) shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Credit Loan and (c) each New Revolving Loan Lender
shall become a Lender with respect to the New Revolving Credit Commitment and all matters relating thereto. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) Each
Joinder Agreement may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provision of this
Section 2.14. In addition to any terms and provisions in any Joinder Agreement, and any changes or amendments to this Agreement or any other Credit Document provided for therein, in each case, that are required or
contemplated by the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.14, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.14 and without limiting the generality or applicability of the provisions
of Section 14.1 to any Section 2.14(e) Additional Amendments, any Joinder Agreement may provide for additional terms and/or additional amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents (any such amendment a
Section 2.14(e) Additional Amendment); provided that such Section 2.14(e) Additional Amendments do not become effective prior to the time that such Section 2.14(e) Additional Amendments have
been consented to (including pursuant to consents applicable to holders of New Revolving Credit Commitments provided for in any Joinder Agreement) by such of the Lenders, the Borrower and other parties (if any) as may be required in order for such
Section 2.14(e) Additional Amendments to become effective at such time in accordance with Section 14.1. 

55 

2.15. Extension of Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

(a) The Borrower may, on no more than two occasions, by sending an Extension Request to the Administrative Agent (in which case the
Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), at least thirty-five (35) days in advance of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date in effect at such time (including at any time prior thereto on or after any anniversary
of the Closing Date), request that the Lenders extend such Revolving Credit Maturity Date then in effect to the first anniversary of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date then in effect. Each Lender, acting in its sole discretion, shall, by notice to
the Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is the 20th day after the date of the Extension Request, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day
(the Response Date) advise the Administrative Agent in writing whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each Lender that so advises the Administrative Agent that it will not extend the Revolving Credit Maturity Date,
being referred to herein as a Non-Extending Lender); provided that any Lender (which includes each Letter of Credit Issuer and the Swingline Lender) that does not advise the
Administrative Agent by the Response Date and any Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to
agree. 

(b) (i) If, on the Response Date, Lenders holding Revolving Credit Commitments that aggregate to 50% or more of the total
Revolving Credit Commitments shall not have agreed to extend the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, then such Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall not be so extended and the outstanding principal balance of all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder
shall be payable on such Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

(ii) If (and only if), on the Response Date, Lenders holding Revolving Credit
Commitments that aggregate to more than 50% of the total Revolving Credit Commitments shall have agreed to extend the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, then the Revolving Credit Maturity Date that shall so have agreed shall be the first anniversary of
the current Revolving Credit Maturity Date (subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.15(d)). In the event of such extension, the Revolving Credit Commitment of each
Non-Extending Lender shall terminate on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date in effect prior to such extension, all Loans and other amounts payable hereunder to such
Non-Extending Lenders shall become due and payable on such Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the total Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders hereunder shall be reduced by the Revolving Credit
Commitments of the Non-Extending Lenders so terminated on such Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

(c) In the event that the conditions of clause (b)(ii) above have been satisfied, the Borrower shall have the
right on or before the Revolving Credit Maturity Date in effect prior to the requested extension, at its own expense, to require any Non-Extending Lender to transfer and assign without recourse (in accordance
with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 14.6) all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more banks or 

56 

other financial institutions identified to the Non-Extending Lender, which may include any Lender (each, an Additional Lender),
provided that (w) such Additional Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuers (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), (x) such
assignment shall become effective as of a date specified by the Borrower (which shall not be later than the Revolving Credit Maturity Date in effect prior to the requested extension); (y) the Additional Lender shall pay to such Non-Extending Lender in immediately available funds on the effective date of such assignment the principal of and interest accrued to the date of payment on the Loans made by it hereunder and all other amounts
accrued for its account or owed to it hereunder; and (z) such Non-Extending Lender shall not be required to sign and deliver any assignment form in order for such assignment to become effective. 

(d) As a condition precedent to each such extension, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of the
Borrower dated as of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date then in effect signed by an officer of the Borrower certifying that, before and after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties contained in
Section 8 (including Section 8.18) and the other Credit Documents are true and correct on and as of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, and except that for purposes of this
Section 2.15, the representations and warranties contained in Section 8.9 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b),
respectively, of Section 9.1, and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists and (ii) such other customary certificates, resolutions and opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. In addition, no
such extension of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be effective if on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date then in effect, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments then being extended. 

2.16. Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(i) Waivers
and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definitions of Required Lenders and
Section 14.1. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees
or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 11 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from
a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 14.8 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to
the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Letter of Credit Issuer or the Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the Letter of
Credit Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 3.8; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of
any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required 

57 

by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in
order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Letter of Credit Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such
Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 3.8; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Letter of Credit Issuers or
Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Letter of Credit Issuer or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its
obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against
such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if
(x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were
issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 7 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all
Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded
participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.16(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts
paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.16(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) Certain Fees. 

(A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Sections 4.1(a) through (d) for
any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a
Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided cash collateral pursuant to Section 2.16. 

(C) With respect to any fee payable under Sections 4.1(a) through (d) not required to be paid to any
Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender
with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y)

58 

pay to each Letter of Credit Issuer and the Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Letter of
Credit Issuers or such Swingline Lenders Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting
Lenders participation in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to
such Defaulting Lenders Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitment. Subject to Section 14.20, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting
Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders
increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans. If the
reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable law, (x) first, prepay Swingline
Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the Letter of Credit Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Section 3.8. 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender
and each Letter of Credit Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions
set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the
Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the applicable Loans previously held by such Lender and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the
Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.16(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments
made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender
will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender shall not be
required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is reasonably satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swingline Loan and (ii) no Letter of Credit Issuer shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate
or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is reasonably satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

59 

SECTION 3. Letters of Credit

3.1. Letters of Credit. 

(a) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, at any time and from time to time prior to the L/C Maturity Date, each
Letter of Credit Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 3, to issue from time to time from the Closing Date through the L/C Maturity Date upon the request
of, and for the direct or indirect benefit of, the Borrower and/or the Subsidiaries, a letter of credit or letters of credit (the Letters of Credit and each, a Letter of Credit) in such form as may be approved
by the Letter of Credit Issuer in its reasonable discretion; provided that the Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and jointly and severally liable with respect to, each Letter of Credit issued for the
account of a Subsidiary. Each of the Existing Letters of Credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreements shall be deemed outstanding under this Agreement on the Closing Date as Letters of Credit. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no Letter of Credit shall be issued the Stated Amount of which, when added to the Letters of
Credit Outstanding at such time, would exceed the Letter of Credit Commitment then in effect; (ii) no Letter of Credit shall be issued the Stated Amount of which would cause (x) the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit
Exposures at the time of the issuance thereof to exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect or (y) the Revolving Credit Loans of any Lender plus, without duplication, the amount of Swingline Loans outstanding that are
held by such Lender and the face amount of Letters of Credit outstanding at such time issued by such Lender to exceed such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment; (iii) no Letter of Credit in an Alternative Currency shall be issued the
Stated Amount of which would cause the Aggregate Multicurrency Exposures at the time of the issuance thereof to exceed the Multicurrency Sublimit then in effect; (iv) each Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date occurring no later than
one year after the date of issuance thereof, unless otherwise agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer; provided that, in no event shall such expiration date occur later than the L/C Maturity Date;
(v) each Letter of Credit shall be denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency; (vi) no Letter of Credit shall be issued if it would be illegal under any applicable law for the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit to have a Letter of
Credit issued in its favor; (vii) no Letter of Credit shall be issued by a Letter of Credit Issuer after it has received a written notice from the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders stating that a Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing until such time as the Letter of Credit Issuer shall have received a written notice of (x) rescission of such notice from the party or parties originally delivering such notice or (y) the waiver of
such Default or Event of Default in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.1; (viii) each commercial Letter of Credit shall be a sight letter of credit; (ix) unless otherwise agreed by such Letter of Credit
Issuer in its sole discretion, no Letter of Credit Issuer shall be required to issue any Letter of Credit if the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit, when added to the Letter of Credit Outstandings at such time in respect of Letters of Credit
previously issued by such Letter of Credit Issuer, would exceed the amount of such Letter of Credit Issuers Letter of Credit Sublimit; and (x) Barclays Bank PLC shall only be required to issue a standby Letter of Credit. 

60 

(c) Upon at least one Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic notice
promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the applicable Lenders), the Borrower shall have the right, on any day, permanently
to terminate or reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment in whole or in part; provided that, after giving effect to such termination or reduction, the Letters of Credit Outstanding shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Commitment. 

(d) The parties hereto agree that the Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit for all purposes under this
Agreement, without any further action by the Borrower, the Letter of Credit Issuer or any other Person. 

(e) The Letter of Credit Issuer
shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental
Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Letter of Credit Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to the Letter of Credit Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the
force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Letter of Credit Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the Letter of Credit Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in
particular or shall impose upon the Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Letter of Credit Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the
Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Letter of Credit Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Letter of Credit Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 

(ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Letter of Credit Issuer applicable to
letters of credit generally; 

(iii) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer,
such Letter of Credit is in an initial Stated Amount less than the Dollar Equivalent of $100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or $10,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit; 

(iv) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency; 

(v) the Letter of Credit Issuer does not as of the issuance date of such requested Letter of Credit issue letters of credit in
the requested currency; 

(vi) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the Stated
Amount after any drawing thereunder; or 

(vii) a default of any Revolving Credit Lenders obligations to fund under
Section 3.3 exists or any Revolving Credit Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender hereunder, unless, in each case, the Letter of Credit Issuer has entered into satisfactory arrangements with the Borrower or such
Revolving Credit Lender to eliminate the Letter of Credit Issuers risk with respect to such Revolving Credit Lender. 

61 

(f) The Letter of Credit Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the Letter of Credit
Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 

(g) The Letter of
Credit Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the Letter of Credit Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the
beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 

(h) The Letter of Credit Issuer
shall act on behalf of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the
Administrative Agent in Section 13 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Letter of Credit Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents
pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Section 13 included the Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally
provided herein with respect to the Letter of Credit Issuer. 

3.2. Letter of Credit Requests. 

(a) Whenever the Borrower desires that a Letter of Credit be issued for its account or amended, it shall give the Administrative Agent and the
Letter of Credit Issuer a Letter of Credit Request by no later than (i) for all Letter of Credit Issuers other than Barclays Bank PLC, 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least two (or such lesser number as may be agreed upon by the
Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance or amendment or (ii) for Barclays Bank PLC as Letter of Credit Issuer, 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least three (or, in the case of
a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, at least five) Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance or amendment. Each notice shall be executed by the Borrower and shall be in the form of either (x) Exhibit A
or (y) the standard form of Citibank, N.A. as provided by Citibank, N.A. to the Borrower prior to the Closing Date (each a Letter of Credit Request). 

(b) In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Request shall specify in form and detail
satisfactory to the Letter of Credit Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the Stated Amount thereof and the currency thereof (which shall be Dollars or an Alternative
Currency); (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented
by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G) such other matters as the Letter of Credit Issuer may reasonably require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit
Request shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the Letter of Credit Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed
amendment; and (D) such other matters as the Letter of Credit Issuer may reasonably require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to
such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the Letter of Credit Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. 

62 

(c) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Request, the Letter of Credit Issuer will
confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Request from the Borrower and, if not, the Letter of Credit Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent
with a copy thereof. Unless the Letter of Credit Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Credit Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the
applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Sections 6 and 7 shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Letter of Credit Issuer shall, on the requested date,
issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the Letter of Credit Issuers usual and customary business
practices. 

(d) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Request, the Letter of Credit Issuer may, in its sole and
absolute discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the Letter of
Credit Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Borrower shall not
be required to make a specific request to the Letter of Credit Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the Letter of Credit Issuer
to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the L/C Maturity Date; provided, however, that the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the Letter of
Credit Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (b) or
(e) of Section 3.1 or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the
Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that
one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Sections 6 and 7 are not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the Letter of Credit Issuer not to permit such extension. 

(e) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Request, the Letter of Credit Issuer may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that permits the automatic reinstatement of all or a portion of the stated amount thereof after any drawing thereunder (each, an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit). Unless otherwise
directed by the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the Letter of Credit Issuer to permit such reinstatement. Once an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit has been issued, except as provided in
the following sentence, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the Letter of Credit Issuer to reinstate all or a portion of the stated 

63 

amount thereof in accordance with the provisions of such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit permits the Letter of Credit Issuer to
decline to reinstate all or any portion of the stated amount thereof after a drawing thereunder by giving notice of such non-reinstatement within a specified number of days after such drawing (the Non-Reinstatement Deadline), the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not permit such reinstatement if it has received a notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business
Days before the Non-Reinstatement Deadline (A) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such reinstatement or (B) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender
or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Sections 6 and 7 are not then satisfied (treating such reinstatement as the issuance of a Letter of Credit for purposes of this clause (B)) and, in each
case, directing the Letter of Credit Issuer not to permit such reinstatement. 

(f) Promptly after issuance of any Letter of Credit or any
amendment to a Letter of Credit (including any Existing Letter of Credit), the Letter of Credit Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. On the last
Business Day of each March, June, September and December, each Letter of Credit Issuer shall provide the Administrative Agent a list of all Letters of Credit (including any Existing Letter of Credit) issued by it that are outstanding at such time.

(g) The making of each Letter of Credit Request shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the Letter of
Credit may be issued in accordance with, and will not violate the requirements of, Section 3.1(b). 

3.3.
Letter of Credit Participations. 

(a) Immediately upon the issuance by the Letter of Credit Issuer of any Letter of Credit, the
Letter of Credit Issuer shall be deemed to have sold and transferred to each Revolving Credit Lender (each such Revolving Credit Lender, in its capacity under this Section 3.3, an L/C Participant), and
each such L/C Participant shall be deemed irrevocably and unconditionally to have purchased and received from the Letter of Credit Issuer, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation (each an L/C
Participation), to the extent of such L/C Participants Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in each Letter of Credit, each substitute therefor, each drawing made thereunder and the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement
with respect thereto, and any security therefor or guaranty pertaining thereto; provided that the Letter of Credit Fees will be paid directly to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the L/C Participants as provided in
Section 4.1(b) and the L/C Participants shall have no right to receive any portion of any Fronting Fees. 

(b) In
determining whether to pay under any Letter of Credit, the relevant Letter of Credit Issuer shall have no obligation relative to the L/C Participants other than to confirm that any documents required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have
been delivered and that they appear to comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter of Credit. Any action taken or omitted to be taken by the relevant Letter of Credit Issuer under or in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by
it, if taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall not create for the Letter of Credit Issuer any resulting liability. 

64 

(c) In the event that the Letter of Credit Issuer makes any payment under any Letter of
Credit issued by it and the Borrower shall not have repaid such amount in full to the respective Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to Section 3.4(a), the Letter of Credit Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent
and each L/C Participant of such failure, and each L/C Participant shall promptly and unconditionally pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer, the amount of such L/C Participants Revolving Credit
Commitment Percentage of the Dollar Equivalent of such unreimbursed payment in Dollars and in immediately available funds; provided, however, that no L/C Participant shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account
of the Letter of Credit Issuer its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such unreimbursed amount arising from any wrongful payment made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under any such Letter of Credit as a result of acts or omissions constituting
willful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of the Letter of Credit Issuer. If the Letter of Credit Issuer so notifies, prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, any L/C Participant required to fund a payment under a
Letter of Credit, such L/C Participant shall make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer such L/C Participants Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the amount of such payment no later than
1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Business Day in Dollars and in immediately available funds. If and to the extent such L/C Participant shall not have so made its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the amount of such payment available to
the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer, such L/C Participant agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer, forthwith on demand, such amount, together with interest thereon
for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate from time to time then in effect, plus any
administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Letter of Credit Issuer in connection with the foregoing. The failure of any L/C Participant to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit
Issuer its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of any payment under any Letter of Credit shall not relieve any other L/C Participant of its obligation hereunder to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit
Issuer its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of any payment under such Letter of Credit on the date required, as specified above, but no L/C Participant shall be responsible for the failure of any other L/C Participant to make available to the
Administrative Agent such other L/C Participants Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of any such payment. 

(d) Whenever the
Letter of Credit Issuer receives a payment in respect of an unpaid reimbursement obligation as to which the Administrative Agent has received for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer any payments from the L/C Participants pursuant to clause
(c) above, the Letter of Credit Issuer shall pay to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to each L/C Participant that has paid its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such reimbursement obligation,
in Dollars and in immediately available funds, an amount equal to such L/C Participants share (based upon the proportionate aggregate amount originally funded by such L/C Participant to the aggregate amount funded by all L/C Participants) of
the Dollar Equivalent of the amount so paid in respect of such reimbursement obligation and interest thereon accruing after the purchase of the respective L/C Participations at the Overnight Rate. 

65 

(e) The obligations of the L/C Participants to make payments to the Administrative Agent for
the account of a Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit shall be irrevocable and not subject to counterclaim, set-off or other defense or any other qualification or exception whatsoever and
shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement under all circumstances, including under any of the following circumstances: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents; 

(ii) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that the Borrower may
have at any time against a beneficiary named in a Letter of Credit, any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such transferee may be acting), the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuer, any Lender or other Person,
whether in connection with this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transactions (including any underlying transaction between the Borrower and the beneficiary named in any such Letter of Credit);

(iii) any draft, certificate or any other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent,
invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; 

(iv) the
surrender or impairment of any security for the performance or observance of any of the terms of any of the Credit Documents; or 

(v) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

provided, however, that no L/C Participant shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer
its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of any unreimbursed amount arising from any wrongful payment made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under any such Letter of Credit as a result of acts or omissions constituting willful misconduct or gross
negligence on the part of the Letter of Credit Issuer. 

3.4. Agreement to Repay Letter of Credit Drawings. 

(a) The Borrower hereby agrees to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer, by making payment in with respect to any drawing under any Letter of
Credit in the same currency in which such drawing was made unless (A) the Letter of Credit Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in the notice of drawing that it will require reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any
such requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the Borrower shall have notified the Letter of Credit Issuer promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that the Borrower will reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer in Dollars. In the case of
any reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Letter of Credit Issuer shall notify the Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination
thereof. Any such reimbursement shall be made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for any payment or disbursement made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under any Letter of Credit (each such amount so paid until
reimbursed, an Unpaid Drawing) no later than the date that is one Business Day after the date on which the Borrower receives notice of such payment or disbursement (the Reimbursement Date), with

66 

interest on the amount so paid or disbursed by the Letter of Credit Issuer, to the extent not reimbursed prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Reimbursement Date, from the
Reimbursement Date to the date the Letter of Credit Issuer is reimbursed therefor at a rate per annum that shall at all times be the Applicable ABR Margin plus the ABR as in effect from time to time; provided that, notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) unless the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent and the relevant Letter of Credit Issuer prior to 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the Reimbursement Date that the
Borrower intends to reimburse the relevant Letter of Credit Issuer for the amount of such drawing with funds other than the proceeds of Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have given a Notice of Borrowing requesting that, with respect to Letters
of Credit, the Revolving Credit Lenders make Revolving Credit Loans (which shall be denominated in Dollars and which shall be ABR Loans) on the Reimbursement Date in the amount, or Dollar Equivalent of the amount, as applicable, of such drawing and
(ii) the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each L/C Participant of such drawing and the amount of its Revolving Credit Loan to be made in respect thereof, and each L/C Participant shall be irrevocably obligated to make a Revolving
Credit Loan to the Borrower in Dollars in the manner deemed to have been requested in the amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the applicable Unpaid Drawing by 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reimbursement Date by making
the amount of such Revolving Credit Loan available to the Administrative Agent. Such Revolving Credit Loans shall be made without regard to the Minimum Borrowing Amount. The Administrative Agent shall use the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Loans
solely for purpose of reimbursing the Letter of Credit Issuer for the related Unpaid Drawing. In the event that the Borrower fails to Cash Collateralize any Letter of Credit that is outstanding on the L/C Maturity Date, the full amount of the
Letters of Credit Outstanding in respect of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be an Unpaid Drawing subject to the provisions of this Section 3.4 except that the Letter of Credit Issuer shall hold the proceeds
received from the L/C Participants as contemplated above as cash collateral for such Letter of Credit to reimburse any Drawing under such Letter of Credit and shall use such proceeds first, to reimburse itself for any Drawings made in respect of
such Letter of Credit following the L/C Maturity Date, second, to the extent such Letter of Credit expires or is returned undrawn while any such cash collateral remains, to the repayment of obligations in respect of any Revolving Credit Loans that
have not paid at such time and third, to the Borrower or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section 3.4(a) shall affect the Borrowers obligation to repay all outstanding
Revolving Credit Loans when due in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) The obligations of the Borrower under this
Section 3.4 to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to Unpaid Drawings (including, in each case, interest thereon) shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment that the Borrower or any other Person may have or have had against the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including in its capacity as an L/C
Participant), including any defense based upon the failure of any drawing under a Letter of Credit (each a Drawing) to conform to the terms of the Letter of Credit or any non-application or
misapplication by the beneficiary of the proceeds of such Drawing and without regard to any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the Alternative Currency to the Borrower or in the relevant currency markets
generally; provided that the Borrower shall not be obligated to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer for any wrongful payment made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under the Letter of Credit issued by it as a result of acts or omissions
constituting willful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of the Letter of Credit Issuer. 

67 

3.5. Increased Costs. If after the Closing Date any Change in Law shall either
(a) impose, modify or make applicable any reserve, deposit, capital or liquidity adequacy or similar requirement against letters of credit issued by the Letter of Credit Issuer, or any L/C Participants L/C Participation therein, or
(b) impose on the Letter of Credit Issuer or any L/C Participant any other conditions affecting its obligations under this Agreement in respect of Letters of Credit or L/C Participations therein or any Letter of Credit or such L/C
Participants L/C Participation therein, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant of issuing, maintaining or participating in any Letter of Credit, or to reduce the
amount of any sum received or receivable by the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant hereunder (other than any such increase or reduction attributable to Indemnified Taxes indemnifiable under Section 5.4 or
Excluded Taxes) in respect of Letters of Credit or L/C Participations therein, then, promptly after receipt of written demand to the Borrower by the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant, as the case may be (a copy of which notice shall be
sent by the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant to the Administrative Agent (with respect to Letter of Credit issued on account of the Borrower)), the Borrower shall pay to the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant for such increased cost or reduction. A certificate submitted to the Borrower by the relevant Letter of Credit Issuer or an L/C Participant, as the
case may be (a copy of which certificate shall be sent by the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant to the Administrative Agent), setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for the determination of such additional amount or amounts
necessary to compensate the Letter of Credit Issuer or such L/C Participant as aforesaid shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower absent clearly demonstrable error. 

3.6. New or Successor Letter of Credit Issuer. 

(a) A Letter of Credit Issuer may resign as a Letter of Credit Issuer upon 60 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders and the Borrower. The Borrower may replace a Letter of Credit Issuer for any reason upon written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Letter of Credit Issuer. The Borrower may add Letter of Credit Issuers at any time upon notice to
the Administrative Agent. If a Letter of Credit Issuer shall resign or be replaced, or if the Borrower shall decide to add a new Letter of Credit Issuer under this Agreement, then the Borrower may appoint from among the Lenders, with the consent of
such Lender, a successor issuer of Letters of Credit or a new Letter of Credit Issuer, as the case may be, or, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), another successor or new issuer of Letters of
Credit, whereupon such successor issuer shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the replaced or resigning Letter of Credit Issuer under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, or such new issuer of Letters of Credit shall be granted
the rights, powers and duties of a Letter of Credit Issuer hereunder, and the term Letter of Credit Issuer shall mean such successor or such new issuer of Letters of Credit effective upon such appointment. At the time such resignation or
replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay to the resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer all accrued and unpaid fees pursuant to Sections 4.1(c) and 4.1(d). The acceptance of any appointment as a Letter of Credit
Issuer hereunder whether as a successor issuer or new issuer of Letters of Credit in accordance with this Agreement, shall be evidenced by 

68 

an agreement entered into by such new or successor issuer of Letters of Credit, in a form satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and, from and after the effective date of such
agreement, such new or successor issuer of Letters of Credit shall become a Letter of Credit Issuer hereunder. After the resignation or replacement of a Letter of Credit Issuer hereunder, the resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer
shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Letter of Credit Issuer under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or
replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. In connection with any resignation or replacement pursuant to this clause (a) (but, in case of any such resignation, only to the extent that a successor issuer of
Letters of Credit shall have been appointed), either (i) the Borrower, the resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer and the successor issuer of Letters of Credit shall arrange to have any outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the
resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer replaced with Letters of Credit issued by the successor issuer of Letters of Credit or (ii) the Borrower shall cause the successor issuer of Letters of Credit, if such successor issuer is reasonably
satisfactory to the replaced or resigning Letter of Credit Issuer, to issue back-stop Letters of Credit naming the resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer as beneficiary for each outstanding Letter of Credit issued by the resigning
or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer, which new Letters of Credit shall be denominated in the same currency as, and shall have a face amount equal to, the Letters of Credit being back-stopped and the sole requirement for drawing on such new Letters
of Credit shall be a drawing on the corresponding back-stopped Letters of Credit. After any resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuers resignation or replacement as Letter of Credit Issuer, the provisions of this Agreement relating to a
Letter of Credit Issuer shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it (A) while it was a Letter of Credit Issuer under this Agreement or (B) at any time with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such
Letter of Credit Issuer. 

(b) To the extent that there are, at the time of any resignation or replacement as set forth in clause
(a) above, any outstanding Letters of Credit, nothing herein shall be deemed to impact or impair any rights and obligations of any of the parties hereto with respect to such outstanding Letters of Credit (including any obligations related
to the payment of Fees or the reimbursement or funding of amounts drawn), except that the Borrower, the resigning or replaced Letter of Credit Issuer and the successor issuer of Letters of Credit shall have the obligations regarding outstanding
Letters of Credit described in clause (a) above. 

3.7. Role of Letter of Credit Issuer. Each Lender and the Borrower
agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or
to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Affiliates
nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Required Lenders; (ii) any
action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The
Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers
pursuing 

69 

such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their
respective Affiliates nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in Section 3.3(e); provided that anything in such
Section to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the Letter of Credit Issuer, and the Letter of Credit Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to
consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the Letter of Credit Issuers willful misconduct or gross negligence or the Letter of Credit Issuers willful failure to pay under any
Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Letter of Credit
Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be substantially in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not be responsible
for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or
ineffective for any reason. 

3.8. Cash Collateral. 

(a) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, (A) if the Letter of Credit Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request
under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, or (B) if, as of the L/C Maturity Date, there are any Letters of Credit Outstanding, the Borrower shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Letters
of Credit Outstanding. 

(b) The Administrative Agent may, at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit of cash collateral,
request that additional cash collateral be provided in order to protect against the results of exchange rate fluctuations. 

(c) If any
Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Administrative Agent or Revolving Credit Lenders with Letter of Credit Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total Letter of Credit Exposure may require that the L/C Obligations be Cash
Collateralized. 

(d) For purposes of this Section 3.8, Cash Collateralize shall mean to
pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances in the currencies in which the Letters of Credit
Outstanding are denominated and in an amount equal to the amount of the Letters of Credit Outstanding required to be Cash Collateralized pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Letter of
Credit Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. The Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Letter of Credit Issuer and the L/C
Participants, a security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit
accounts with the Administrative Agent. 

70 

3.9. Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Letter of
Credit Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the
Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time of issuance, shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. 

3.10. Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the
terms hereof shall control. 

3.11. Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or
outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower
hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

SECTION 4. Fees; Commitments

4.1. Fees. 

(a) The
Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars, for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender (in each case pro rata according to the respective Revolving Credit Commitments of all such Lenders), a commitment fee (the
Commitment Fee) for each day from the Closing Date to the Revolving Credit Termination Date. Except as provided below, each Commitment Fee shall be payable (x) quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March,
June, September and December (for the three-month period (or portion thereof) ended on such day for which no payment has been received) and (y) on the Revolving Credit Termination Date (for the period ended on such date for which no payment has
been received pursuant to clause (x) above), and shall be computed for each day during such period at a rate per annum equal to the Commitment Fee Rate in effect on such day on the Available Commitment in effect on
such day. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars for the account of the Revolving Credit Lenders pro rata
on the basis of their respective Letter of Credit Exposure, a fee in respect of each Letter of Credit (the Letter of Credit Fee), for the period from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to the termination date of such
Letter of Credit computed at the per annum rate for each day equal to the Applicable Term SOFR Margin for Revolving Credit Loans. Except as provided below, such Letter of Credit Fees shall be due and payable (x) quarterly in arrears on the last
Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (y) on the date upon which the Total Revolving Credit Commitment terminates and the Letters of Credit Outstanding shall have been reduced to zero. 

71 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Letter of Credit Issuer a fee in Dollars in respect
of each Letter of Credit issued by it (the Fronting Fee), for the period from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to the termination date of such Letter of Credit, computed at the rate for each day equal to 0.125% per
annum on the actual daily Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit. Such Fronting Fees shall be due and payable (x) quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (y) on the date upon which the
Total Revolving Credit Commitment terminates and the Letters of Credit Outstanding shall have been reduced to zero. 

(d) The Borrower
agrees to pay directly to the Letter of Credit Issuer in Dollars upon each issuance of, drawing under, and/or amendment of, a Letter of Credit issued by it such amount as the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Borrower shall have agreed upon for
issuances of, drawings under or amendments of, letters of credit issued by it. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not
be obligated to pay any amounts to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 4.1. 

4.2. Voluntary Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments. Upon at least one Business Days prior written notice (or telephonic
notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the Lenders), the Borrower (on behalf of itself) shall have the
right, without premium or penalty, on any day, permanently to terminate or reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments in whole or in part; provided that (a) any such reduction shall apply to proportionately and permanently to reduce the
Revolving Credit Commitment of each of the Lenders, (b) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall be in the amount of at least $10,000,000 and (c) after giving effect to such termination or
reduction and to any prepayments of the Loans made on the date thereof in accordance with this Agreement, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 

4.3. Mandatory Termination of Commitments. 

(a) The Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. 

(b) The Swingline Commitment shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Swingline Maturity Date. 

SECTION 5. Payments

5.1.
Voluntary Prepayments. 

(a) The Borrower shall have the right to prepay its Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans, in each
case, without premium or penalty, in whole or in part from time to time on the following terms and conditions: (a) the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office written notice (or telephonic notice
promptly confirmed in writing) of its intent to make such prepayment, the amount of such prepayment and (in the case of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) the specific Borrowing(s) pursuant to which made, which notice shall be
given by the Borrower no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) (i) in the case of Loans (other than ABR Loans, Alternative Currency Loans or Swingline Loans), one Business Day prior to (or such shorter time period as the Administrative

72 

Agent shall reasonably agree), (ii) in the case of ABR Loans, on the date of such prepayment (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree), (iii) in the case of
Alternative Currency Loans, two Business Days prior to (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree) or (iv) in the case of Swingline Loans, on, the date of such prepayment and shall promptly be transmitted by
the Administrative Agent to each of the Lenders or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be; (b) each partial prepayment of (i) any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum amount of $10,000,000, (ii) any ABR Loans (other than
Swingline Loans) shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000, (iii) any Loans denominated in Euro shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, (iv) any Loans denominated in Sterling shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 and
(v) Swingline Loans shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000; provided that no partial prepayment of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing shall reduce the outstanding Term SOFR Loans
or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans made pursuant to such Borrowing to an amount less than the applicable Minimum Borrowing Amount for such Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable; and (c) any prepayment of
Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans pursuant to this Section 5.1(a) on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto shall be subject to compliance by the Borrower with the
applicable provisions of Section 2.11. At the Borrowers election in connection with any prepayment pursuant to this Section 5.1, such prepayment shall not be applied to any Revolving Credit
Loan of a Defaulting Lender. 

5.2. Mandatory Prepayments. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b)
Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans. (i) If on any date the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures (collectively, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings) for any reason exceeds 100% of
the Total Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect, the Borrower shall forthwith repay on such date the principal amount of Swingline Loans and, after all Swingline Loans have been paid in full, Revolving Credit Loans in an amount equal to such
excess. If, after giving effect to the prepayment of all outstanding Swingline Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect, the Borrower shall Cash
Collateralize the Letters of Credit Outstanding to the extent of such excess. 

(ii) If on any date the aggregate amount of
the Lenders Multicurrency Exposures (collectively, the Aggregate Multicurrency Exposures) for any reason exceeds 105% of the Multicurrency Sublimit as then in effect, the Borrower shall forthwith repay on such date Revolving
Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies in a principal amount such that, after giving effect to such repayment, the Aggregate Multicurrency Exposures do not exceed 100% of the Multicurrency Sublimit. If, after giving effect to the
prepayment of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Aggregate Multicurrency Exposures exceed 100% of the Multicurrency Sublimit, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Letters of Credit Outstanding in
respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies to the extent of such excess. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

73 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) Application to Revolving Credit Loans. With respect to each prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans required by
Section 5.2(b), the Borrower may designate (i) the Types of Loans that are to be prepaid and the specific Borrowing(s) pursuant to which made and (ii) the Revolving Credit Loans to be prepaid; provided that
(y) each prepayment of any Loans made pursuant to a Borrowing shall be applied pro rata among such Loans; and (z) notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding clause (y), no prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans shall be applied
to the Revolving Credit Loans of any Defaulting Lender unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Borrower. In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall, subject to the above,
make such designation in its reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing under Section 2.11. 

5.3. Method and Place of Payment. 

(a) Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments under this Agreement shall be made by the Borrower, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind, to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders entitled thereto, the Letter of Credit Issuer or the Swingline Lender entitled thereto, as the case
may be, not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time), in each case, on the date when due and shall be made in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agents Office or at such other office as the Administrative Agent shall
specify for such purpose by notice to the Borrower, it being understood that written or facsimile notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to make a payment from the funds in the Borrowers account at the Administrative Agents
Office shall constitute the making of such payment to the extent of such funds held in such account. All repayments or prepayments of any Loans (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) hereunder shall be made in the currency in which such Loans
are denominated and all other payments under each Credit Document shall, unless otherwise specified in such Credit Document, be made in Dollars. The Administrative Agent will thereafter cause to be distributed on the same day (if payment was
actually received by the Administrative Agent prior to 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) or, otherwise, on the next Business Day) in like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or Fees ratably to the Lenders entitled thereto. 

(b) Any payments under this Agreement that are made later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) shall be deemed to have been made on the
next succeeding Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, with respect to payments of
principal, interest shall be payable during such extension at the applicable rate in effect immediately prior to such extension. 

(c)
Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Letter of Credit Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not
make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as the case may
be, the amount due. With respect toany payment thatthe Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or the Letter of Credit Issuer hereunder 

74 

as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the
Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the
Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or the Letter of Credit Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable
Amount so distributed to such Lender or the Letter of Credit Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the
Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Letter of
Credit Issuer or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

5.4. Net Payments. 

(a)
Any and all payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Credit Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes;provided that if the
Borrower or any other Withholding Agent shall be required by applicable Requirements of Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from such payments, then (i) if the Tax in question is an Indemnified Tax the sum payable shall be increased as
necessary so that after all required deductions and withholdings have been made by any applicable Withholding Agent (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.4) the
Lender (or in the case of payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the Borrower or
other applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions or withholdings and (iii) the Borrower or other applicable Withholding Agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority within the
time allowed and in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. Whenever any Taxes are payable by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 5.4, as promptly as possible thereafter, the Borrower
shall send to the Administrative Agent for its own account or for the account of such Lender, as the case may be, a certified copy of an original official receipt issued by such Governmental Authority (or other evidence acceptable to such Lender,
acting reasonably) received by the Borrower showing payment thereof. 

(b) The Borrower shall timely pay and shall indemnify and hold
harmless the Administrative Agent and each Lender (whether or not such Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority) for any Other Taxes. 

(c) The Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and each Lender within 15 Business Days after written demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes imposed on the Administrative Agent or such Lender as the case may be, (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this
Section 5.4) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant

75 

Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the Administrative Agent (as applicable)
on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.4(c) to the contrary, the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify the Administrative Agent
or any Lender pursuant to this Section 5.4(c) for any Taxes resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to notify the Borrower of such possible indemnification claim within 120 days after the
Administrative Agent or such Lender receives written notice from the relevant Governmental Authority of the specific tax assessment giving rise to such indemnification claim. 

(d) Each Lender shall, at such times as are reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent with any documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent certifying as to any entitlement of such Lender to an exemption from, or reduction in, any
applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments to be made to such Lender under any Credit Document. Each such Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders any such documentation (including any specific
documentation required below in this Section 5.4(d)) obsolete, expired or inaccurate in any respect, deliver promptly to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any
new documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. 

Without limiting the foregoing: 

(1) Each Lender that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement two properly completed and duly signed copies (which may be an Electronic Copy) of IRS Form W-9
certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding. 

(2) Each
Non-U.S. Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement whichever of the following is applicable: 

(A) two properly completed and duly signed copies (which may be an Electronic Copy) of IRS Form
W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms) claiming eligibility for the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United
States is a party, 

(B) two properly completed and duly signed copies (which may be an Electronic Copy) of IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms), 

(C) in the case of a
Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code, (A) two properly completed and duly signed certificates in a
form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (any such certificate, a United States Tax Compliance Certificate) and (B) two properly completed and duly signed copies (which may be an Electronic Copy) of IRS
Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms), 

76 

(D) to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender
is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender), IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms) of the Non-U.S. Lender, accompanied by a IRS Form W-8ECI,W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E, United States Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, IRS Form W-8IMY or any
other required information (or any successor forms) from each beneficial owner that would be required under this Section 5.4(d) if such beneficial owner were a Non-U.S. Lender, as
applicable (provided that if the Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, the United States Tax Compliance Certificate may be provided
by such Non-U.S. Lender on behalf of such direct or indirect partner(s)), or 

(E)
two properly completed and duly signed copies (which may be an Electronic Copy) of any other documentation prescribed by applicable U.S. federal income tax laws (including the applicable Treasury regulations) as a basis for claiming a complete
exemption from, or a reduction in, United States federal withholding tax on any payments to such Lender under the Credit Documents. 

(3) If a payment made to a Lender under any Credit Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA
if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Sections 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their FATCA obligations,
to determine whether such Lender has or has not complied with such Lenders FATCA obligations and to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (3), FATCA shall
include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Section 5.4(d), a Lender shall not be required to deliver any documentation that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Borrower and to any
successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.4(d). 

(e) If any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, determines, in its sole discretion, that it had received and retained a refund
of an Indemnified Tax for which a payment has been made by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.4, which refund in the good faith judgment of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, is attributable
to such 

77 

payment made by the Borrower, then the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to the portion of such refund (but only to the extent of
indemnity payments made under this Section 5.4 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including Taxes) of such Lender or the Administrative Agent and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), as the Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be,
determines in its sole discretion will leave such Lender or Administrative Agent, after such payment, in no better or worse position (taking into account expenses or any taxes imposed on the refund) than such Lender or Administrative Agent would
have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid;
provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Lender or the Administrative Agent, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
to the Lender or the Administrative Agent in the event the Lender or the Administrative Agent is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Neither the Lender nor the Administrative Agent shall be obliged to disclose any
information regarding its tax affairs or computations to the Borrower or any other Person in connection with this clause (e) or any other provision of this Section 5.4. 

(f) If the Borrower determines that a reasonable basis exists for contesting an Indemnified Tax for which the Borrower has paid additional
amounts or indemnification payments pursuant to this Section 5.4, each affected Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower as the Borrower may
reasonably request in pursuing a refund of such Indemnified Tax. Any such refund obtained shall be payable to the Borrower to the extent provided in Section 5.4(e). The Borrower shall indemnify and hold each Lender and the
Administrative Agent harmless against any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Person in connection with any request made by Borrower pursuant to this
Section 5.4(f). Nothing in this Section 5.4(f) shall obligate any Lender or the Administrative Agent to take any action that such Person, in its sole judgment, determines may result in a material
detriment to such Person. 

(g) The agreements in this Section 5.4 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder, resignation of the Administrative Agent and any assignment of rights by, or replacement of, any Lender. 

(h) For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lender shall, for purposes of this Section 5.4, include any
Letter of Credit Issuer and any Swingline Lender. 

5.5. Computations of Interest and Fees. 

(a) All computations of interest for ABR Loans (including ABR Loans determined by reference to the Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a
year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All computation of interest for Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a 365-day year and actual days
elapsed. All other computations of interest, including those with respect to Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which
results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). In the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which
market practice differs from the foregoing, computations of interest shall be made in accordance with such market practice. 

78 

(b) Fees and the actual daily Stated Amount of Letters of Credit shall be calculated on the
basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed. 

5.6. Limit on Rate of Interest. 

(a) No Payment Shall Exceed Lawful Rate. Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be obliged to pay any
interest or other amounts under or in connection with this Agreement or otherwise in respect of the Obligations in excess of the amount or rate permitted under or consistent with any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

(b) Payment at Highest Lawful Rate. If the Borrower is not obliged to make a payment that it would otherwise be required to make, as a
result of Section 5.6(a), the Borrower shall make such payment to the maximum extent permitted by or consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

(c) Adjustment if Any Payment Exceeds Lawful Rate. If any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents would
obligate the Borrower to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in an amount or calculated at a rate that would be prohibited by any applicable law, rule or regulation, then notwithstanding such provision, such amount or
rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, by reducing the amount
or rate of interest required to be paid by the Borrower to the affected Lender under Section 2.8. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if any Lender shall have received from the
Borrower an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by any applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Borrower shall be entitled, by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent to obtain reimbursement from that Lender in an amount equal to
such excess, and pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by that Lender to the Borrower. 

SECTION 6. Conditions
Precedent to Closing Date. 

This Agreement shall become effective upon satisfaction of the following conditions: 

6.1. Credit Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts to this Agreement executed by (i) the Borrower and
(ii) each Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer listed on Schedule 1.1(a). 

6.2. Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent
shall have received the executed legal opinion of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, special New York counsel to the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Borrower and the Administrative Agent
hereby instruct such counsel to deliver such legal opinion. 

79 

6.3. Repayment and Termination of Existing Credit Agreements. The Administrative
Agent shall be satisfied that, substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Borrower shall have (i) repaid in full all loans and accrued interest and fees, (ii) terminated all commitments and (iii) released
(or caused to be released) all guarantees and liens, in each case, under the Borrowers Existing Credit Agreements. 

6.4. Upfront
Fees. The Administrative Agent shall have received a fee for the account of each Lender providing a Revolving Credit Commitment on the Closing Date in such amounts as separately agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

6.5. No Default. On the Closing Date and also after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing. 

6.6. Representations and Warranties. On the Closing Date, all representations and warranties made by the Borrower
contained herein and in the other Credit Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except where such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, in
which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects after giving effect to any qualification therein) with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of the
Closing Date (except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except where such representation or
warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects after giving effect to any qualification
therein) as of such earlier date). 

6.7. Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the
Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, substantially in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with appropriate insertions, executed by the President or any Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary
of the Borrower, and attaching the following: 

(i) a certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Borrower,
together with a good standing certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and, to the extent generally available, a certificate or other evidence of good standing as to payment of any applicable franchise or similar taxes from
the appropriate taxing authority of such state, each dated a recent date prior to the Closing Date; 

(ii) a copy of the
Borrowers Bylaws, certified as of the Closing Date by the corporate secretary or an assistant secretary of the Borrower; 

(iii) a copy of the resolutions referred to in Section 6.8; and 

(iv) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of the Borrower executing this Agreement and the other Credit
Documents. 

80 

6.8. Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have a
certificate of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions in Section 6.5 and Section 6.6 have been satisfied. 

6.9. Authorization of Proceedings of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the resolutions, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of the board of directors or other managers of the Borrower (or a duly authorized committee thereof) authorizing (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Credit Documents (and any
agreements relating thereto) to which it is a party and (b) the extensions of credit contemplated hereunder. 

6.10. Fees. The
Agents shall have received the fees in the amounts previously agreed in writing by the Agents to be received on the Closing Date and all expenses (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) payable by the Borrower for
which invoices have been presented at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date shall have been paid. 

6.11. Solvency
Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from an Authorized Officer of the Borrower to the effect that after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the
Borrower on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries is Solvent. 

6.12. Historical Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent
and the Lenders shall have received the Historical Financial Statements; provided that, to the extent any such Historical Financial Statements are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC, this Section 6.12 shall be deemed to
be satisfied. 

6.13. No Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since December 31, 2023. 

6.14. KYC and Beneficial Ownership. (i) Upon the reasonable written request of any Lender made at least ten (10) Business
Days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer
and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least three (3) Business Days to the Closing Date and (ii) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date,
the Borrower, if it qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, shall have delivered shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing
Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 

SECTION 7. Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events

The agreement of each Lender to make any Loan constituting a Credit Event requested to be made by it on any date (excluding Mandatory
Borrowings and Revolving Credit Loans required to be made by the Revolving Credit Lenders in respect of Unpaid Drawings pursuant to Sections 3.3 and 3.4) and the obligation of the Letter of Credit Issuer to issue Letters of Credit on
any date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

81 

7.1. No Default; Representations and Warranties. At the time of each Credit Event and
also after giving effect thereto (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (b) all representations and warranties made by the Borrower contained herein and in the other Credit Documents shall be true and
correct in all material respects (except where such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct
in all respects after giving effect to any qualification therein) with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of such Credit Event (except where such representations and warranties expressly
relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects (except where such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse
effect or similar language, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects after giving effect to any qualification therein) as of such earlier date). 

7.2. Notice of Borrowing; Letter of Credit Request. 

(a) Prior to the making of each Revolving Credit Loan (other than any Revolving Credit Loan made pursuant to
Section 3.4(a)) and each Swingline Loan, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing (whether in writing or by telephone) meeting the requirements of Section 2.3. 

(b) Prior to the issuance of each Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall have received a Letter of
Credit Request meeting the requirements of Section 3.2(a). 

The acceptance of the benefits of each Credit Event
shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower to each of the Lenders that all the applicable conditions specified in Section 7 above have been satisfied as of that time. 

SECTION 8. Representations, Warranties and Agreements

In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, to make the Loans and issue or participate in Letters of Credit as provided for
herein, except as described in the SEC Reports, the Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to, and agreements with, the Lenders, all of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans
and the issuance of the Letters of Credit (it being understood that the following representations and warranties shall be deemed made with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary only to the extent relevant under applicable law): 

8.1. Corporate Status. The Borrower (a) is a duly organized and validly existing corporation or other entity in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to own its property and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged and (b) has duly qualified and is authorized
to do business and is in good standing (if applicable) in all jurisdictions where it is required to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

82 

8.2. Corporate Power and Authority. The Borrower has the corporate or other
organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of the Credit Documents to which it is a party and has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery
and performance of the Credit Documents to which it is a party. The Borrower has duly executed and delivered each Credit Document to which it is a party and each such Credit Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Borrower enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity. 

8.3. No Violation. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of the Credit Documents to which it is a party nor
compliance with the terms and provisions thereof nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (a) contravene any applicable provision of any material law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any
court or governmental instrumentality, (b) result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any
Lien upon any of the property or assets of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries pursuant to, the terms of any material indenture, loan agreement, lease agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, agreement or other material instrument to which the
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound (any such term, covenant, condition or provision, a Contractual Requirement) or (c) violate any provision of the
certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries. 

8.4. Litigation. Except as described in the SEC Reports or as set forth on Schedule 8.4, there are no actions, suits or
proceedings (including Environmental Claims) pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.5. Margin Regulations. Neither the making of any Loan hereunder nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the provisions of
Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board. 

8.6. Governmental Approvals. The execution, delivery and performance of
any Credit Document do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or other action by, any Governmental Authority, except for (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) such
licenses, approvals, authorizations or consents the failure to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.7. Investment Company Act. The Borrower is not an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended. 

83 

8.8. True and Complete Disclosure. 

(a) None of the written factual information and written data (taken as a whole) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower, any of the
Subsidiaries or any of their respective authorized representatives to the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, and/or any Lender on or before the Closing Date (including all such information and data contained in the
Credit Documents) for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated herein contained any untrue statement of any material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make such information and data
(taken as a whole) not misleading at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information or data was furnished, it being understood and agreed that for purposes of this Section 8.8, such factual information
and data shall not include projections (including financial estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking information) and information of a general economic or general industry nature. 

(b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all
respects. 

8.9. Financial Condition; Financial Statements The Historical Financial Statements present fairly in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of Holdings at the respective dates of said information, statements and results of operations for the respective periods covered thereby. There has been no Material Adverse Effect since December 31,
2024. 

8.10. Tax Matters. The Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries has filed all federal income Tax returns and all other material
Tax returns, domestic and foreign, required to be filed by it and all such Tax returns are true and correct in all material respects and has paid all Taxes payable by it that have become due, other than those (a) not yet delinquent,
(b) contested in good faith as to which adequate reserves have been provided to the extent required by law and in accordance with GAAP or (c) which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and
each of the Subsidiaries have paid, or have provided adequate reserves to the extent required by law and in accordance with GAAP for the payment of, all material federal, state, provincial and foreign Taxes applicable for the current fiscal year to
the Closing Date. 

8.11. Compliance with ERISA. 

(a) Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each
employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) sponsored by the Borrower that is intended to meet the requirements of a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code is in compliance with the
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws, (ii) no Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) has an Unfunded Current Liability and (iii) no ERISA Event has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur. 

(b) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) all Foreign
Plans are in compliance with, and have been established, administered and operated in accordance with, the terms of such Foreign Plans and applicable law and (ii) all contributions or other payments which are due with respect to each Foreign
Plan have been made in full and there are no funding deficiencies thereunder. 

8.12. [Reserved].

8.13. [Reserved]. 

84 

8.14. Environmental Laws. 

(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries and all
Real Estate are in compliance with all Environmental Laws; (ii) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is subject to any Environmental Claim or any other liability under any Environmental Law; (iii) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary
is conducting any investigation, removal, remedial or other corrective action pursuant to any Environmental Law at any location; and (iv) no underground storage tank or related piping, or any impoundment or other disposal area containing
Hazardous Materials is located at, on or under any Real Estate currently owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(b)
Neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported, released or disposed or arranged for disposal or transport for disposal of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any currently or formerly owned or leased Real
Estate or facility in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.15. Properties. The Borrower
and each of the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to or leasehold interests in all properties that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted, free and clear of all
Liens (other than any Liens not prohibited by this Agreement) and except where the failure to have such good title would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.16. [Reserved]. 

8.17.
OFAC. Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, or controlled affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity with whom dealings are
broadly prohibited or restricted by any Sanctions, including because they are (i) listed or described in any Sanctions-related executive order or list of designated Persons for which dealings are broadly prohibited under Sanctions,
(ii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction, or (iii) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) (each, a Sanctioned
Person). 

8.18. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

(a) To the extent applicable, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance, in all material respects,
(i) with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (as amended, the FCPA) and the UK Bribery Act 2010, and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with such laws and
(ii) with the applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable anti-money laundering laws of the United States and United Kingdom, the rules and
regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency of the United States or United Kingdom. 

(b) No part of the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, by the
Borrower (i) in violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws or (ii) for the purpose of financing any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, in each case in violation
of Sanctions. 

85 

SECTION 9. Affirmative Covenants

The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter, until the Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and each
Letter of Credit have terminated and the Loans and Unpaid Drawings, together with interest, Fees and all other Obligations incurred hereunder, are paid in full (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations not yet accrued and payable
and (ii) Letters of Credit that have been cash collateralized or backstopped in an amount, by an institution and otherwise pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Letter of Credit Issuer): 

9.1. Information Covenants. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly make such information available
to the Lenders in accordance with its customary practice): 

(a) Annual Financial Statements. Commencing with the
fiscal year ended on December 31, 2025 within 5 Business Days after the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, on or before the
date that is 90 days after the end of each such fiscal year), the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for such
fiscal year, setting forth comparative consolidated figures for the preceding fiscal years, and certified by independent public accountants of recognized national standing whose opinion shall not be qualified as to the scope of audit or as to the
status of the Borrower as a going concern (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, an explanatory or emphasis of matter paragraph does not constitute a qualification). 

(b) Quarterly Financial Statements. Within 5 Business Days after the date on which such financial statements are
required to be filed with the SEC with respect to each of the first three quarterly accounting periods in each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, on or before the date that is
45 days after the end of each such quarterly accounting period), the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarterly period and the related consolidated statements of operations for such
quarterly accounting period and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of such quarterly period, and the related consolidated statement of cash flows for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of
such quarterly period, and setting forth comparative consolidated figures for the related periods in the prior fiscal year or, in the case of such consolidated balance sheet, for the last day of the prior fiscal year, all of which shall be certified
by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, subject to changes resulting from audit, normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 

(c) [Reserved]. 

86 

(d) Officers Certificates. Not later than five
(5) Business Days after delivery of any of the financial statements provided for in Sections 9.1(a) and (b), a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Borrower to the effect that no Default or Event of Default exists or, if
any Default or Event of Default does exist, specifying the nature and extent thereof, which certificate shall set forth (i) the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower and the Subsidiaries were in compliance with the provisions
of Section 10.4 as at the end of such fiscal year or period, as the case may be and (ii) the then applicable Status. 

(e) Notice of Default or Litigation. Promptly after an Authorized Officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge thereof,
notice of (i) the occurrence of any event that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto and
(ii) to the extent permissible by Requirements of Law, any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to be determined adversely and, if so determined, to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Environmental Matters. Promptly after obtaining knowledge of any one or
more of the following environmental matters, unless such environmental matters would not, individually or when aggregated with all other such matters, be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, notice of: 

(i) any pending or threatened Environmental Claim against the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any Real Estate; 

(ii) any condition or occurrence on any Real Estate that (x) would reasonably be expected to result in noncompliance by
the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary with any Environmental Law or (y) would reasonably be anticipated to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any Real Estate; 

(iii) any condition or occurrence on any Real Estate that would reasonably be anticipated to cause such Real Estate to be
subject to any restrictions on the ownership, occupancy, use or transferability of such Real Estate under any Environmental Law; and 

(iv) the conduct of any investigation, or any removal, remedial or other corrective action in response to the actual or alleged
presence, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material on, at, under or from any Real Estate. 

All such notices shall describe
in reasonable detail the nature of the claim, investigation, condition, occurrence or removal or remedial action and the response thereto. The term Real Estate shall mean land, buildings and improvements owned or leased by the
Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, but excluding all operating fixtures and equipment, whether or not incorporated into improvements. 

87 

(g) Other Information. Promptly upon filing thereof, copies of any
filings (including on Form 10-K,10-Q or 8-K) or registration statements with, and reports to, the SEC or any analogous
Governmental Authority in any relevant jurisdiction by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it becomes effective, is delivered to the
Administrative Agent), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statements on Form S-8) and copies of all financial statements, proxy statements, notices and reports that the
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries shall send to the holders of any publicly issued debt of the Borrower and/or any of the Subsidiaries, in each case in their capacity as such holders, lenders or agents (in each case to the extent not theretofore
delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement) and, with reasonable promptness, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower and any Subsidiary, or compliance with the
terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender) may reasonably request in writing from time to time. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 9.1 may be
satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower or (B) the Borrowers (or any direct or
indirect parent thereof), as applicable, Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods required by applicable law and
regulations; provided that, with respect to each of subclauses (A) and (B) of this paragraph, to the extent such information relates to a parent of the Borrower, such information is accompanied by consolidating or other
information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b) or (g) of this Section 9.1
(to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or
provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have
access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and each
Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

9.2. Books, Records and Inspections. Subject to all applicable Requirements of Law, the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to, permit officers and designated representatives of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, and to examine the books and records of the Borrower and any such Subsidiary
and discuss the affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and intervals and to such reasonable extent as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may desire (and subject, in
the case of any such meetings or advice from such independent accountants, to such accountants customary policies 

88 

and procedures); provided that, (i) such representatives shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid interruption of the normal business operations of the Borrower and such
Subsidiary and (ii) excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this
Section 9.2 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default and such time shall be at the Borrowers expense;
provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business
hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrowers independent public accountants. During the course of the above
described visits, inspections and examinations and discussions, representatives of the Agents and the Lenders may encounter individually identifiable healthcare information as defined under the Administrative Simplification (including privacy and
security) regulations promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (collectively HIPAA), or other confidential information relating to health care patients (collectively,
the Confidential Healthcare Information). The Borrower or the Subsidiary maintaining such Confidential Healthcare Information shall, consistent with HIPAAs minimum necessary provisions, permit such disclosures
for their healthcare operations purposes. Unless otherwise required by law, the Agents, the Lenders and their respective representatives shall not require or perform any act that would cause the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to
violate any laws, regulations or ordinances intended to protect the privacy rights of healthcare patients, including HIPAA. 

9.3.
Maintenance of Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each Significant Subsidiary to, at all times maintain in full force and effect, pursuant to self-insurance arrangements or with insurance companies that the Borrower believes (in the
good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are financially sound and responsible in light of the size and nature of its business at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts and against at
least such risks (and with such risk retentions) as the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business; and
will furnish to the Lenders, upon written request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried. 

9.4. Payment of Taxes. The Borrower will pay and discharge, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all material
Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits, or upon any properties belonging to it, prior to the date on which material penalties attach thereto, and all lawful material claims in respect of
any Taxes imposed, assessed or levied that, if unpaid, would reasonably be expected to become a material Lien upon any properties of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; provided that neither the Borrower, nor any of the Subsidiaries,
shall be required to pay any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings if it has maintained adequate reserves with respect thereto to the extent required by law and in accordance with
GAAP and the failure to pay would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

89 

9.5. Consolidated Corporate Franchises. The Borrower will do, and will cause each
Significant Subsidiary to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, corporate rights and authority, except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may consummate any transaction permitted under Section 10.3. 

9.6. Compliance with Statutes, Regulations, Etc. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with all applicable laws,
rules, regulations and orders applicable to it or its property, including all governmental approvals or authorizations required to conduct its business, and to maintain all such governmental approvals or authorizations in full force and effect, in
each case except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.7. ERISA. Within
five (5) Business Days after the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know of the occurrence of any of the following events that, individually or in the aggregate (including in the aggregate such events previously disclosed or
exempt from disclosure hereunder, to the extent the liability therefor remains outstanding), would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders a certificate of
an Authorized Officer setting forth details as to such occurrence and the action, if any, that the Borrower or such ERISA Affiliate is required or proposes to take, together with any notices (required, proposed or otherwise) given to or filed with
or by the Borrower such ERISA Affiliate, the PBGC, a Plan participant (other than notices relating to an individual participants benefits) or the Plan administrator with respect thereto: that a Reportable Event has occurred; that a minimum
funding standard has not been satisfied or an application is to be made to the Secretary of the Treasury for a waiver or modification of the minimum funding standard (including any required installment payments) or an extension of any amortization
period under Section 412 of the Code with respect to a Plan; that a Plan having an Unfunded Current Liability has been or is to be terminated, partitioned or declared insolvent under Title IV of ERISA (including the giving of written notice
thereof); that a Plan has an Unfunded Current Liability that has or will result in a lien under ERISA or the Code; that proceedings will be or have been instituted to terminate a Plan having an Unfunded Current Liability (including the giving of
written notice thereof); that a proceeding has been instituted against the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Section 515 of ERISA to collect a delinquent contribution to a Plan; that the PBGC has notified the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate of its intention to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has failed to make a required installment or other payment pursuant to Section 412 of the Code with respect to a Plan; or that the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or will incur (or has been notified in writing that it will incur) any liability (including any contingent or secondary liability) to or on account of a Plan pursuant to Section 409, 502(i), 502(l),
515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201 or 4204 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Code. 

9.8. Maintenance of Properties. The
Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition (subject to casualty, condemnation and ordinary wear and tear), except to the
extent that the failure to do so would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

90 

9.9. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use Letters of Credit and Loans hereunder for
general corporate purposes. 

SECTION 10. Negative Covenants

The Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter, until the Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and each
Letter of Credit have terminated and the Loans and Unpaid Drawings, together with interest, Fees and all other Obligations incurred hereunder, are paid in full (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations not yet accrued and payable
and (ii) Letters of Credit that have been cash collateralized or backstopped in an amount, by an institution and otherwise pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Letter of Credit Issuer): 

10.1. Limitation on Indebtedness. The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer
to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary owed to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; 

(b) Guarantee Obligations incurred by Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that is not prohibited to be incurred under this
Agreement; 

(c) (i) Indebtedness (including Indebtedness arising under Capital Leases and purchase money indebtedness) incurred
within one year of the acquisition, purchase, lease, construction, repair, replacement, expansion or improvement of fixed or capital assets to finance the acquisition, purchase, lease, construction, repair, replacement, expansion or improvement of
such fixed or capital assets (whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Stock of any Person owning such assets), (ii) Indebtedness arising under Capital Leases entered into in connection with Permitted Sale Leasebacks,
(iii) Indebtedness arising under Capital Leases, other than Capital Leases in effect on or prior to Closing Date and Capital Leases entered into pursuant to subclauses (i) and (ii) above; provided, that the aggregate
amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this subclause (iii) at any time outstanding together with the aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured by Liens pursuant to Section 10.2(d)(ii) shall
not exceed the greater of $500,000,000 and 1% of Consolidated Total Assets for the most recent Test Period for which Section 9.1 Financials have been delivered, and (iv) any modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or
extension of any Indebtedness specified in subclause (i), (ii) or (iii) above and any Indebtedness incurred to so modify, replace, refinance, refund, renew, defease or extend such Indebtedness; provided that, except
to the extent otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, the principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this subclause (iv) does not exceed the principal amount thereof outstanding immediately prior to such modification,
replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid and fees and expenses incurred in connection with such modification,
replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension; 

(d) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and, in the case of any
Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described under clause (c)(iii) or any Guarantee Obligations in respect of Indebtedness described under clause (c)) in excess of $25,000,000, set forth on Schedule 10.1 and any modification,
replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal, defeasance or extension thereof 

91 

(including any unused commitment) and any Indebtedness incurred to so modify, replace, refinance, refund, renew, defease or extend such Indebtedness; provided, that, except to the extent
otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, in the case of any such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal, defeasance or extension, the original aggregate principal amount thereof does not exceed the aggregate principal amount
thereof outstanding immediately prior to such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal, defeasance or extension except by an amount equal to any accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid and
fees and expenses incurred in connection with such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal. defeasance or extension, or paid in respect of such Indebtedness; 

(e) (1) Indebtedness of a Person or Indebtedness attaching to assets of a Person that, in either case, becomes a Subsidiary (or is a
Subsidiary that survives a merger with such Person) or Indebtedness attaching to assets that are acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in each case after the Closing Date as the result of an acquisition or investment not prohibited hereby;
provided that such Indebtedness existed at the time such Person became a Subsidiary or at the time such assets were acquired and, in each case, was not created in anticipation thereof, and (2) any modification, replacement, refinancing,
refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness specified in subclause (1) above and any Indebtedness incurred to so modify, replace, refinance, refund, renew, defease or extend such Indebtedness; provided that, except to the
extent otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount thereof outstanding immediately prior to such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension
except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid and fees and expenses incurred in connection with such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension;

(f) (i) additional Indebtedness and (ii) any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness specified in
subclause (i) above; provided that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness incurred and remaining outstanding pursuant to this clause (f), together with the aggregate principal amount of the
obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to Section 10.2(r) (but without duplication of the outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (f) that is secured by such
Liens), shall not at any time exceed the greater of (1) $4,929,000,000 and (2) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets for the most recent Test Period for which Section 9.1 Financials have been delivered; 

(g) (A)(i) any bank guarantees, letters of credit or similar facilities by any Governmental Authority or to satisfy any governmental or
regulatory requirements, (ii) any tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, bids, leases, governmental contracts, performance and return-of-money
bonds and other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices, (iii) Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, health, disability
or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance), (iv) Indebtedness in respect of overdraft facilities, employee credit card programs, netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements and other cash
management and similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business and (v) Indebtedness in connection with the financing of insurance premiums or self-insurance obligations or
take-or-pay obligations contained in supply agreements and (B) Indebtedness supported by a letter of credit issued pursuant to credit facilities, in a principal
amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit; 

92 

(h) Indebtedness in respect of Hedge Agreements; 

(i) Indebtedness to any joint venture (regardless of the form of legal entity) that is not a Subsidiary arising in the ordinary course of
business in connection with the cash management operations (including with respect to intercompany self-insurance arrangements) of the Borrower and Subsidiaries; 

(j) (i) Indebtedness incurred in connection with any Permitted Sale Leaseback and (ii) any modification, replacement, refinancing,
refunding, renewal, defeasance or extension of any Indebtedness specified in subclause (i) above; provided that, except to the extent otherwise not prohibited hereunder, (x) the original aggregate principal amount of any such
Indebtedness does not exceed the aggregate principal amount thereof outstanding immediately prior to such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal, defeasance or extension except by an amount equal to any unpaid accrued interest
and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid and fees and expenses incurred in connection with such modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal, defeasance or extension, or paid in respect of such Indebtedness and
(y) the direct and contingent obligors with respect to such Indebtedness are not changed; 

(k) Indebtedness in connection with
Letters of Credit; and 

(l) all premiums (if any), interest, fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations
described in clauses (a) through (j). 

10.2. Limitation on Liens. The Borrower will not, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets of any kind (real or personal, tangible or intangible) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
that secures obligations under any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) [reserved]; 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) Permitted
Liens; 

(d) Liens securing (i) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 10.1(c) and
(ii) Indebtedness (including Indebtedness arising under Capital Leases and purchase money indebtedness) of the Borrower which Indebtedness is incurred within one year of the acquisition, purchase, lease, construction, repair, replacement,
expansion or improvement of fixed or capital assets to finance the acquisition, purchase, lease, construction, repair, replacement, expansion or improvement of such fixed or capital assets (whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Stock
of any Person owning such assets); provided, that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness secured by such Liens described in subclause (ii) above, together with the aggregate amount of Indebtedness outstanding that is
incurred pursuant to Section 10.1(c)(iii) shall not exceed the greater of $500,000,000 and 1% of Consolidated Total Assets for the most recent Test Period for which Section 9.1 Financials have been delivered;
provided, further, with respect to subclauses (i) and (ii) above, (x) such Liens attach at all times only to the assets so financed except for accessions to the property financed with the proceeds of such
Indebtedness and the proceeds and the products thereof and (y) that individual financings of assets provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of assets provided by such lender; 

93 

(e) Liens existing on the Closing Date and, in the case of any Liens securing obligations of
an aggregate principal amount in excess of $25,000,000 (excluding Liens on any Indebtedness described in Section 10.1(c)), listed on Schedule 10.2 and, in each case, any modifications, replacements, renewals,
refinancings, or extensions thereof; 

(f) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clauses (d) and
(e) of this Section 10.2 upon or in the same assets theretofore subject to such Lien (or upon or in after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien) or the replacement, extension or
renewal (without increase in the amount or change in any direct or contingent obligor except to the extent otherwise not prohibited hereunder) of the Indebtedness secured thereby; 

(g) Liens existing on assets of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or is a Subsidiary that survives a merger with such Person), or existing
on assets acquired, pursuant to an acquisition or Investment not prohibited hereby to the extent the Liens on such assets secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 10.1(e) or other obligations not prohibited by this
Agreement; provided, however, that such Liens may not extend to any other property or other assets owned by any other Subsidiaries (other than any replacements of such assets and additions and accessions thereto, the proceeds or
products thereof and other than after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are not prohibited under this Agreement that require or
include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition),
and secure only the same Indebtedness or obligations that such Liens secured, immediately prior to such acquisition or Investment not prohibited hereby and any modification, replacement, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof permitted
by Section 10.1(e); 

(h) [reserved]; 

(i) [reserved]; 

(j) Liens
securing Indebtedness or other Obligations of a Subsidiary to the Borrower or another Subsidiary; 

(k) Liens (a) of a collection bank
arising under applicable law, including Section 4-210 of the UCC, or any comparable or successor provision, on items in the course of collection; (b) attaching to pooling, commodity or securities
trading accounts or other commodity or securities brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business; or (c) in favor of a banking or other financial institution or entity, or electronic payment service provider, arising as a matter
of law or under customary terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking or finance industry or
arising pursuant to such banking or financial institutions general terms and conditions (including Liens in favor of deposit banks or securities intermediaries securing customary fees, expenses or charges in connection with the establishment,
operation or maintenance of deposit accounts or securities accounts); 

94 

(l) Liens (a) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any
property to be acquired in an Investment to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect to any such Investment or any disposition not prohibited under this Agreement
(including any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such Investment or disposition), and (b) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a disposition not prohibited under this Agreement, in each case, solely to
the extent such Investment or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; 

(m)
Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale or purchase of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or
other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(o) Liens that are contractual
rights of setoff, bankers lien, netting agreements and other Liens (i) relating to deposit accounts, securities accounts, cash management arrangements or in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, including letters of credit, bank
guarantees or other similar instruments, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower
and the Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; 

(p) [reserved]; 

(q) (i)
deposits made or other security provided in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers and (ii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(r) additional Liens so long as the aggregate principal amount of the obligations secured thereby at any time outstanding, together with
(without duplication) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 10.1(f), does not exceed the greater of (i) $4,929,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets for the most
recent Test Period for which Section 9.1 Financials have been delivered; and 

(s) Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted to be
incurred pursuant to Section 10.1. 

With respect to any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure
such Indebtedness at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness; provided that such Increased Amount shall not require utilization of any additional
basket capacity relating to such Lien. The Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in 

95 

connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same
terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing
Indebtedness. 

10.3. Limitation on Fundamental Changes. The Borrower will not merge into, amalgamate with any other Person,
consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into, amalgamate with or consolidate with it, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not
restrict the Borrower from changing its organizational form), or convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially all the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), except that so long as no
Event of Default would result therefrom, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Person may be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or the Borrower may dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to any other
Person; provided that (i) except as permitted by subclause (ii) below, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, amalgamation
or consolidation is not the Borrower or is a Person into which the Borrower has been liquidated (or, in connection with a disposition of all or substantially all of the Borrowers assets, if the transferee of such assets) (such other Person,
the Successor Borrower), the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia (the Borrower or such Successor Borrower, as the case may
be, being herein referred to as the Successor Borrower), (iii) any Successor Borrower shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which the Borrower is a party
pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (iv) the Successor Borrower shall (x) have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate stating that such
merger or consolidation complies with this Agreement and (y) have provided documentation and information as is reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent about the Successor Borrower mutually agreed to be required by regulatory
authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 

10.4. Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated
EBITDA Ratio as of the last day of the most recent Test Period for which Section 9.1 Financials have been delivered to be greater than 4.50 to 1.00; provided that (i) at the Borrowers election and upon written notice from the
Borrower to the Administrative Agent no later than thirty (30) days following the consummation of a Material Acquisition, the maximum Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio pursuant to this Section 10.4
shall increase to 5.00 to 1.00 with respect to the last day of the fiscal quarter during which such Material Acquisition shall have been consummated and the last day of each of the immediately following three consecutive fiscal quarters and
(ii) between the signing of the definitive agreement (or offer documentation, as applicable) for a Material Acquisition and the earlier of (x) the closing of such Material Acquisition and (y) thirty days following the termination of
such definitive agreement (or offer documentation, as applicable) for such Material Acquisition, any acquisition debt incurred to finance such Material Acquisition shall be excluded for purposes of the calculation of the Consolidated Total Debt to
Consolidated EBITDA Ratio hereunder (this proviso, the Material Acquisition Step-Up). There shall be at least two consecutive fiscal quarters between such elections during which no increase
to the maximum permitted Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA Ratio shall be in effect. 

96 

SECTION 11. Events of Default

Upon the occurrence of any of the following specified events (each of the events set forth in Section 11.1 through
11.12, an Event of Default): 

11.1. Payments. The Borrower shall (a) default in the payment when due
of any principal of the Loans or (b) default, and such default shall continue for five Business Days or longer, in the payment when due of any interest on the Loans or any Fees or any Unpaid Drawings or of any other amounts owing hereunder or
under any other Credit Document; or 

11.2. Representations, Etc. Any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by
the Borrower herein or in any Credit Document or any certificate delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to be untrue in any material respect on the date as of which made or deemed made; or 

11.3. Covenants. The Borrower shall: 

(a) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 9.1(e)
or Section 10; or 

(b) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement
(other than those referred to in Section 11.1 or 11.2 or clause (a) of this Section 11.3) contained in this Agreement or the payment of the administrative agency fee separately
agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of at least 30 days after receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or 

11.4. Default Under Other Agreements. (a) The Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall (i) default in any
payment with respect to any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) in the aggregate in excess of $500,000,000, for the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries, beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under
which such Indebtedness was created, the effect of which payment default is to cause, or permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, any such Indebtedness to become due or to
be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity or (ii) default in the observance or performance of any
agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist (other than, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of
any Hedge Agreements, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of such Hedge Agreements), the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee
or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, any such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; provided that prior to the acceleration of the Obligations pursuant to this Section 11, such
default pursuant to this clause (a)(ii) shall be cured under this Agreement if the default under such other Indebtedness has been remedied, cured 

97 

or waived by the holders thereof (or such holders agent) in accordance with the terms of such Indebtedness or (b) without limiting the provisions of
clause (a) above, any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or as a mandatory prepayment (and, with respect to
Indebtedness consisting of any Hedge Agreements, other than due to a termination event or equivalent event pursuant to the terms of such Hedge Agreements), prior to the stated maturity thereof; provided that this
Section 11.4 shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets
securing such Indebtedness; or 

11.5. Bankruptcy, Etc. The Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case,
proceeding or action concerning itself under (a) Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, or (b) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary, any domestic or foreign law relating to
bankruptcy, judicial management, insolvency, reorganization, administration or relief of debtors in effect in its jurisdiction of incorporation, in each case as now or hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto (collectively, the
Bankruptcy Code); or an involuntary case, proceeding or action is commenced against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary and the petition is not controverted within 30 days after commencement of the case, proceeding or
action; or an involuntary case, proceeding or action is commenced against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary and the petition is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement of the case, proceeding or action; or a custodian (as defined in
the Bankruptcy Code), judicial manager, receiver, receiver manager, trustee, administrator or similar person is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary; or the
Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary commences any other voluntary proceeding or action under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency, administration or liquidation or similar law of any
jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary; or there is commenced against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary any such proceeding or action that remains undismissed for a period of
60 days; or the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding or action is entered; or the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary suffers any
appointment of any custodian receiver, receiver manager, trustee, administrator or the like for it or any substantial part of its property to continue undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any corporate action is taken by the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or 

11.6. ERISA. Any Plan shall fail to satisfy the minimum funding standard required for any plan year or part thereof or a waiver of such
standard or extension of any amortization period is sought or granted under Section 412 of the Code; any Plan is or shall have been terminated or is the subject of termination proceedings under ERISA (including the giving of written notice
thereof); an event shall have occurred or a condition shall exist in either case entitling the PBGC to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (including the giving of written notice thereof); any Plan shall have an
accumulated funding deficiency (whether or not waived); the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is likely to incur a liability to or on account of a Plan under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201 or 4204
of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Code (including the giving of written notice thereof), in each case, that could reasonably be likely to result in the imposition of a lien, the granting of a security interest, or a liability, or the
reasonable likelihood of incurring a lien, security interest or liability that, with respect to each of the foregoing, will or would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

98 

11.7. [Reserved]. 

11.8. [Reserved]. 

11.9.
[Reserved]. 

11.10. [Reserved]. 

11.11. Judgments. One or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
involving a liability of $500,000,000 or more in the aggregate for all such judgments and decrees for the Borrower and its Significant Subsidiaries (to the extent not paid or covered by insurance provided by a carrier not disputing coverage) and any
such judgments or decrees shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days after the entry thereof; or 

11.12. Change of Control. A Change of Control shall occur; 

then, and in any such event, and at any time thereafter, if any Event of Default shall then be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, upon the written
request of the Required Lenders, by written notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, without prejudice to the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to enforce its claims against the Borrower, except as otherwise
specifically provided for in this Agreement (provided that if an Event of Default specified in Section 11.5 shall occur with respect to the Borrower, the result that would occur upon the giving of written notice by
the Administrative Agent as specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) below shall occur automatically without the giving of any such notice): (i) declare the Commitments terminated, whereupon the Commitments, if any, of
each Lender shall forthwith terminate immediately and any Fees theretofore accrued shall forthwith become due and payable without any other notice of any kind; (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest and fees in respect of all
Loans and all Obligations owing hereunder to be, whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; (iii) terminate any
Letter of Credit that may be terminated in accordance with its terms; and/or (iv) direct the Borrower to pay (and the Borrower agrees that upon receipt of such notice, or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in
Section 11.5 with respect to the Borrower, it will pay) to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Office such additional amounts of cash, to be held as security for the Borrowers respective
reimbursement obligations for Drawings that may subsequently occur thereunder, equal to the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit issued and then outstanding. 

99 

Any amount received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower following any acceleration
of the Obligations under this Agreement or any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower under Section 11.5 shall be applied: 

(i) first, to the payment of all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in
connection with such collection or sale or otherwise in connection with any Credit Document, including all court costs and the reasonable fees and expenses of its agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative
Agent hereunder or under any other Credit Document on behalf of the Borrower and any other reasonable and documented costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Credit Document; 

(ii) second, to the Lenders, an amount (x) equal to all Obligations owing to them on the date of any distribution
and (y) sufficient to Cash Collateralize all Letters of Credit Outstanding on the date of any distribution, and, if such moneys shall be insufficient to pay such amounts in full and Cash Collateralize all Letters of Credit Outstanding, then
ratably (without priority of any one over any other) to such Lenders in proportion to the unpaid amounts thereof and to Cash Collateralize the Letters of Credit Outstanding; and 

(iii) third, any surplus then remaining shall be paid to the Borrower or its successors or assigns or to whomsoever may
be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct; 

provided that any amount applied to Cash
Collateralize any Letters of Credit Outstanding that has not been applied to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer for Unpaid Drawings under the applicable Letters of Credit at the time of expiration of all such Letters of Credit shall be applied by
the Administrative Agent in the order specified in clauses (i) through (iii) above. 

SECTION 12. [Reserved]

SECTION 13. The Agents

13.1.
Appointment. 

(a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Administrative Agent as the agent of such Lender under
this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to exercise such powers
and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions,
responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Credit Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Each of
the Syndication Agent, Co-Documentation Agents and Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners, each in its capacity as such, shall not have any obligations, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement but shall
be entitled to all benefits of this Section 13. 

100 

13.2. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties
under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters
pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with
reasonable care. 

13.3. Exculpatory Provisions. No Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement
or any other Credit Document (except for its or such Persons own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment) or
(b) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Credit Document or in any certificate, report,
statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by such Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Credit Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of
this Agreement or any other Credit Document or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent shall be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of
any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Borrower. 

13.4. Reliance by Agents. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any
writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or instruction believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper
Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the Lender specified
in the Register with respect to any amount owing hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Credit Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate or it shall first be
indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting,
or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders
and all future holders of the Loans. 

13.5. Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or
notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such
notice is a notice of default. In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, it shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such

101 

Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders; provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the
Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders except to the extent that
this Agreement requires that such action be taken only with the approval of the Required Lenders or each of the Lenders, as applicable. 

13.6. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners and Other
Lenders. Each Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger and Bookrunner or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent or any Joint Lead Arranger and Bookrunner hereinafter taken, including any review
of the affairs of the Borrower, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Joint Lead Arranger and Bookrunner to any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Letter of Credit Issuer. Each Lender, the
Swingline Lender and each Letter of Credit Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger and
Bookrunner or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Borrower and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger and Bookrunner or any
other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Credit
Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly
required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, assets, operations,
properties, financial condition, prospects or creditworthiness of the Borrower that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 

13.7. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify
the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective portions of the Total Credit Exposure in effect on
the date on which indemnification is sought (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with their respective portions of the
Total Credit Exposure in effect immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any
time (including at any time following the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Credit Documents or
any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with

102 

any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The agreements in this Section 13.7
shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

13.8. Administrative Agent in its Individual
Capacity. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower as though the Administrative Agent were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and under
the other Credit Documents. With respect to the Loans made by it, the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Administrative Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. 

13.9. Successor Agents. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Letter of Credit
Issuers and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, subject to the reasonable consent of the Borrower so long as no Specified Event of Default is continuing, to appoint a successor,
which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment
within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the Letter of Credit Issuers, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above;
provided that if the retiring Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the
retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by
or to each Lender and each Letter of Credit Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this Section 13.9. Upon the acceptance of a successors
appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its
duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Credit Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 13.9). The fees payable by the Borrower (following the effectiveness of such
appointment) to such Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agents resignation hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, the
provisions of this Section 13 (including Section 13.7) and Section 14.5 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its
sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as an Agent. 

Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 13.9 shall also constitute its
resignation as Letter of Credit Issuer and Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the 

103 

retiring Letter of Credit Issuer and Swingline Lender, (b) the retiring Letter of Credit Issuer and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations
hereunder or under the other Credit Documents, and (c) the successor Letter of Credit Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements
satisfactory to the retiring Letter of Credit Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

13.10. Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any
payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the IRS or any authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or
for the account of any Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances that rendered the
exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective), such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of
the Borrower to do so) and/or the Borrower fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower as Tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, together with all expenses incurred, including legal
expenses, allocated staff costs and any out of pocket expenses. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes
the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Credit Document or from any other source against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this
Section 13.10. The agreements in this Section 13.10 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the
termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lender shall, for purposes of this Section 13.10, include any Letter of
Credit Issuer and any Swingline Lender. 

13.11. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one
of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of
Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain 

104 

transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective
investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class ex-emption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable
with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the
Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole
discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause
(i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with
sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and
(y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the
Borrower, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the
Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Credit Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

13.12. Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative
Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender or Letter of Credit Issuer, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender
or Letter of Credit Issuer receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Person in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with
interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might
otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender or Letter of
Credit Issuer promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Person comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

105 

SECTION 14. Miscellaneous

14.1. Amendments and Waivers. Neither this Agreement nor any other Credit Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof, may be amended,
supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.1. The Required Lenders may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, from time to time,
(a) enter into with the Borrower written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Credit Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Credit Documents or changing in any manner the
rights of the Lenders or of the Borrower hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this
Agreement or the other Credit Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences (it being understood that if the Administrative Agent is not a party to such amendment or waiver, such amendment or waiver shall not become effective
until a copy is provided to the Administrative Agent); provided, however, that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall directly (i) forgive or reduce any portion of any Loan or extend the final
scheduled maturity date of any Loan or reduce the stated rate (it being understood that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate or amend
Section 2.8(d)), or forgive any portion, or extend the date for the payment, of any interest or fee payable hereunder (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates), or
extend the final expiration date of any Lenders Commitment or extend the final expiration date of any Letter of Credit beyond the L/C Maturity Date, or increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments of any Lender, or amend or modify any
provisions of Sections 5.3(a) (with respect to the ratable allocation of any payments only), 14.8(a) and 14.20, or make any Loan, interest, Fee or other amount payable in any currency other than expressly provided herein, in
each case without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 14.1 or reduce the percentages specified in the definitions of
the term Required Lenders, consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of its rights and obligations under any Credit Document to which it is a party (except as permitted pursuant to Section 10.3) or
alter the order of application set forth in the final paragraph of Section 11, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or (iii) amend, modify or waive any
provision of Section 13 without the written consent of the then-current Administrative Agent, or (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 3 with respect to any Letter of Credit
without the written consent of the Letter of Credit Issuer, or (v) amend, modify or waive any provisions hereof relating to Swingline Loans without the written consent of the Swingline Lender, or (vi) [reserved], or (vii) [reserved], or
(viii) amend Section 2.9 so as to permit Interest Period intervals greater than six months without regard to availability to Lenders, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby.
Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the affected Lenders and shall be binding upon the Borrower, such Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the affected Loans. In
the case of any waiver, the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be
cured and not continuing, it being understood that no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

106 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Credit Document to the contrary,
this Agreement may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified as set forth in Section 2.10. 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such
Lender (it being understood that any Commitments or Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in addition to any credit extensions and related Joinder Agreement(s) effectuated without the consent of
Lenders in accordance with Section 2.14, (a) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (i) to add one or more
additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other
Credit Documents with the Revolving Credit Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and (b) this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents may be amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in
order (i) to comply with local law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities, defects, omissions, inconsistencies, obvious errors or technical errors or to make related modifications to provisions of other Credit Documents,
(iii) to cause any document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, (iv) to give effect to the provisions of Section 2.10 or (v) to integrate any New Revolving Credit Commitment
in a manner consistent with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Credit
Documents may be amended to add syndication or documentation agents and make customary changes and references related thereto with the consent of only the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

14.2. Notices. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder or under any
other Credit Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, and all notices and other
communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(a) if
to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuer or the Swingline Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 14.2 or to such other address,
facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties; and 

107 

(b) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or
telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the
Letter of Credit Issuer and the Swingline Lender. 

All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the
earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the relevant party hereto and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party hereto; (B) if delivered by mail, three (3) Business Days
after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if delivered by electronic mail, when delivered; provided that notices and other
communications to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.6, 2.9, 4.2 and 5.1 shall not be effective until received. 

14.3. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Credit Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

14.4. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Credit Documents and
in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans hereunder. 

14.5. Payment of Expenses. The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all their reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement
and the other Credit Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other
charges of one primary counsel and one counsel in each local jurisdiction to the extent consented to by the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), (b) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all its reasonable and documented costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any such other documents, including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel to the
Agents, (c) to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless each Lender and Agent from, any and all recording and filing fees and (d) to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless each Lender and Agent and their respective Affiliates and their and their
Affiliates respective directors, officers, employees, trustees, investment advisors and agents from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
of any kind or nature whatsoever, including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel, with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Agreement, the other Credit
Documents and any such other documents, including any of the foregoing relating to the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental 

108 

Law (other than by such indemnified Person or any of its Related Parties) or to any actual or alleged presence, release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials involving or attributable to
the operations of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Real Estate (all the foregoing in this clause (d), collectively, the indemnified liabilities); provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation
hereunder to any Agent or any Lender nor any of their respective Related Parties with respect to indemnified liabilities to the extent attributable to (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified or
any of its Related Parties (as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), (ii) any material breach of any Credit Document by the party to be indemnified (as
determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) or (iii) disputes among the Agents, the Lenders and/or their transferees (other than any claims against an Agent or
Lender in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an administrative agent or arranger or any similar role under this Agreement and other than any claims arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates). All amounts
payable under this Section 14.5 shall be paid within ten Business Days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expense in reasonable retail. The agreements in this
Section 14.5 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

14.6. Successors
and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Letter of Credit Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) except as expressly permitted by
Section 10.3, the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or
transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 14.6. Nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Letter of Credit Issuer that issues any Letter of
Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in clause (c) of this Section 14.6) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit
Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the
conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans
(including participations in L/C Obligations or Swingline Loans) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; it being understood that, without limitation, the Borrower shall have
the right to withhold or delay its consent to any assignment if, in order for such assignment to comply with applicable law, the Borrower would be required to obtain the consent of, or make any filing or registration with, any Governmental
Authority) of: 

(A) the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that,
subject to clause (g) below, no consent of the Borrower shall be required for (1) if a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any 

109 

other assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment or Revolving Credit Loan or (2) an assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment or Revolving Credit Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a
Lender or an Approved Fund; provided, further, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received
notice thereof; and 

(B) the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and 

(C) the Swingline Lender and the Letter of Credit Issuers (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such assignment shall be made to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle
or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons), the Borrower or the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such
assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000, and increments of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents (which consents shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; provided, further, that contemporaneous assignments to a single
assignee made by Affiliates of Lenders and related Approved Funds shall be aggregated for purposes of meeting the minimum assignment amount requirements stated above; 

(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of
any assignment; and 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an
administrative questionnaire in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire). 

110 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to
clause (b)(iv) of this Section 14.6, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the
interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released
from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to
be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10, 2.11, 3.5, 5.4 and 14.5). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this
Section 14.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (c) of this
Section 14.6. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of
the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount (and related interest amounts) of the Loans and any payment made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under any Letter of Credit owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time
(the Register). Further, each Register shall contain the name and address of the Administrative Agent and the lending office through which each such Person acts under this Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive
(absent manifest error), and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of
this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, and as to entries pertaining to it, the Letter of Credit Issuer or any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon
reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning
Lender and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in clause (b) of this
Section 14.6 and any written consent to such assignment required by clause (b) of this Section 14.6, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the
information contained therein in the Register. 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent, any Letter of Credit Issuer or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) [reserved] and (D) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Letter of Credit Issuers and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection
with such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement. 

111 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any
amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any
amendment, modification or waiver described in clause (i) of the proviso to Section 14.1 that affects such Participant. Subject to clause (c)(ii) of this
Section 14.6, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 5.4 to the same extent as if it were a Lender; provided that such Participant
shall be subject to the requirements of those Sections as though it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 14.6 (and it being understood that the
documentation required under Section 5.4(d) shall be delivered solely to the participating Lender). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of
Section 14.8(b) as though it were a Lender; provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 14.8(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting
solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the same and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of
each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and the Borrower and the
Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Participant for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary; provided that no Lender shall have
the obligation to disclose all or a portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of the Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Loans or other obligations under any Credit Document) to any
Person expect to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in connection with a Tax audit or other proceeding to establish that any loans are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(ii) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.10, 2.11 or
5.4 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. 

(d) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all
or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 14.6 shall not apply to any such
pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party
hereto. In order to facilitate such pledge or assignment, the Borrower hereby agrees that, upon request of any Lender at any time and from time to time after the Borrower has made its initial borrowing hereunder, the Borrower shall provide to such
Lender, at the Borrowers own expense, a promissory note, in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, representing the Loan owing to such Lender. 

112 

(e) Subject to Section 14.16, the Borrower authorizes each Lender
to disclose to any Participant, secured creditor of such Lender or assignee (each, a Transferee) and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lenders possession concerning the Borrower and its
Affiliates that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or that has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower and its Affiliates in connection with such
Lenders credit evaluation of the Borrower and its Affiliates prior to becoming a party to this Agreement. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clause (b) above, unless a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, no assignment by any Lender of all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement shall be permitted without the consent of the Borrower if, after giving effect to such assignment, the assignee in respect thereof,
taken together with its Affiliates and Approved Funds, would hold in the aggregate more than 25% of the Total Credit Exposure. 

14.7.
Replacements of Lenders under Certain Circumstances. 

(a) The Borrower shall be permitted to replace any Lender that
(a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.10, 3.5 or 5.4, (b) is affected in the manner described in Section 2.10(a) and as a result thereof any of the
actions described in such Section is required to be taken or (c) becomes a Defaulting Lender, with a replacement bank or other financial institution; provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Requirement of Law,
(ii) no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (iii) the Borrower shall repay (or the replacement bank or institution shall purchase, at par) all Loans and other amounts (other
than any disputed amounts), pursuant to Section 2.10, 2.11, 3.5 or 5.4, as the case may be, owing to such replaced Lender prior to the date of replacement, (iv) the replacement bank or institution,
if not already a Lender, and the terms and conditions of such replacement, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (v) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of
Section 14.6 (provided that the Borrower shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein), (vi) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender and (vi) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.10 or payments required
to be made pursuant to Section 5.4, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. 

(b) If any Lender (such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender) has failed to consent to a
proposed amendment, waiver, discharge or termination that pursuant to the terms of Section 14.1 requires the consent of all of the Lenders affected and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have granted their
consent, then, provided no Event of Default then exists, the Borrower shall have the right (unless such Non-Consenting Lender grants such consent) to replace such
Non-Consenting Lender by requiring such Non-Consenting Lender to assign its Loans, and its Commitments hereunder to one or more assignees reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent; provided that: (a) all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Consenting Lender being replaced shall be paid in full to such
Non-Consenting Lender concurrently with such 

113 

assignment; (b) the replacement Lender shall purchase the foregoing by paying to such Non-Consenting Lender a price equal to the principal amount
thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon; and (c) the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver, discharge or termination. In connection with any such assignment, the Borrower, Administrative
Agent, such Non-Consenting Lender and the replacement Lender shall otherwise comply with Section 14.6. 

14.8. Adjustments; Set-off. 

(a) If any Lender (a benefited Lender) shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Loans, or interest
thereon, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 11.5,
or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lenders Loans, or interest thereon, such benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other
Lenders a participating interest in such portion of each such other Lenders Loan, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such benefited Lender to
share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such benefited Lender,
such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 

(b)
After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender shall have the right, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without prior notice to the
Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency,
in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower; provided that in the event
that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of
Section 14.8 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting
Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower (and
the Borrower, if other) and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 

114 

14.9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to
this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this
Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization
related to this Agreement, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any
Communication shall be valid and binding on the Borrower to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower
enforceable against such in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both
paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Administrative Agent and
each of the Lenders of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or
retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the
ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same
legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly
agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15
U.S.C. 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

14.10. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability
in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

14.11. Integration.
This Agreement and the other Credit Documents represent the agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent nor any Lender relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Credit Documents. 

14.12. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND
INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

115 

14.13. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. The Borrower irrevocably and
unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Credit
Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, borough of Manhattan, the courts of the United States of
America for the Southern District of New York sitting in New York, borough of Manhattan and appellate courts from any thereof; 

(b)
consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding (whether in
contract or tort or otherwise) was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; 

(c) agrees that service of
process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such Person at its address set forth on Schedule 14.2 at such
other address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant to Section 14.2; 

(d) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and 

(e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred
to in this Section 14.13 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 

14.14.
Acknowledgments. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that: 

(a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; 

(b) (i) the credit facilities provided for hereunder and any related
arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document) are an arms-length commercial
transaction between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lender and the other Agents on the other hand, and the Borrower are capable of evaluating and understanding and understand and accept the terms, risks and
conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof); (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the
Administrative Agent and the other Agents, is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person;
(iii) neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Agent has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Borrower with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading
thereto, 

116 

including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent or other Agent has advised or is
currently advising the Borrower or its Affiliates on other matters) and neither the Administrative Agent or other Agent has any obligation to the Borrower or its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those
obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents; (iv) the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its
Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor other Agent has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Agent has
provided and none will provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document) and the
Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. The Borrower hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the
Administrative Agent, any other Agent or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty; and 

(c) no
joint venture is created hereby or by the other Credit Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Lenders or among the Borrower, on the one hand, and any Lender, on the other hand. 

14.15. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

14.16.
Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall hold all Confidential Information (as defined below), confidential in accordance with its customary procedure for handling confidential information of this nature, except that
Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential
Information and instructed to keep such Confidential Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any
self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Credit Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder to the extent such
disclosure is reasonably necessary in connection with such litigation or arbitration action or proceeding (provided that any Person making disclosure pursuant to this clause (e) shall use commercially reasonable efforts, to the
extent practicable and at the Borrowers expense, to limit the disclosure of Confidential Information in connection therewith to those Persons that reasonably need to know such information and are subject to customary confidentiality
undertakings with respect to the Confidential Information), (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 14.16, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any
prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any assignee invited 

117 

to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.14 or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which
payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, in reliance on this clause (f), (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower
or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers of other market identifiers with respect to the credit
facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Confidential Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 14.16
or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Letter of Credit Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the
administration of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents, and the Commitments. 

For purposes of this
Section 14.6, Confidential Information shall mean all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than
any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Letter of Credit Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of
Confidential Information as provided in this Section 14.16 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such
Confidential Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein
prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules, or regulations to a governmental, regulatory, or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. 

Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Letter of Credit Issuers acknowledges that (a) the Confidential Information may
include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material
non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, including United States
Federal and state securities laws. 

14.17. Direct Website Communications. 

(a) The Borrower may, at its option, provide to the Administrative Agent any information, documents and other materials that it is obligated
to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Credit Documents, including all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that
(A) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or interest period relating thereto), (B) relates to the payment of any principal or other
amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (C) provides notice of any default or event of default under 

118 

this Agreement or (D) is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and/or any borrowing or other extension of credit thereunder (all
such non-excluded communications being referred to herein collectively as Communications), by transmitting the Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent to the Administrative Agent at liliana.claar@baml.com. Nothing in this Section 14.17 shall prejudice the right of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or
other communication pursuant to any Credit Document in any other manner specified in such Credit Document. 

(i) The
Administrative Agent agrees that the receipt of the Communications by the Administrative Agent at its e-mail address set forth above shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to the
Administrative Agent for purposes of the Credit Documents. Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that the Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the
Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Credit Documents. Each Lender agrees (A) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (including by electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders e-mail address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (B) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such e-mail address. 

(b) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the other Agents will make available to the Lenders and the
Letter of Credit Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the
Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the
Borrower or its securities) (each, a Public Lender). The Borrower hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that do not contain any material non-public information and that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (x) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean
that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof and (y) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the other Agents to make
such Borrower Materials available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor (or equivalent term). Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Borrower nor any of
its Related Parties shall be liable, or responsible in any manner, for the use by any Agent, any Lender, any Participant or any of their Related Parties of the Borrower Materials. In addition, it is agreed that (i) to the extent any Borrower
Materials constitute Confidential Information, they shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions of Section 14.16 and (ii) the Borrower shall be under no obligation to designate any Borrower Materials as
PUBLIC. 

(c) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO
NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,

119 

IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM
VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties and
each an Agent Party) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, any Letter of Credit Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising
out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials through the internet, except to the extent the liability of any Agent Party resulted from such Agent Partys (or any of its Related Parties)
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Credit Documents. 

14.18. USA Patriot Act. Each Lender
hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act), it is required
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act and
the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

14.19. Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is
necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Credit Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the
first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the
other Credit Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the
Agreement Currency), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance
with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower in the Agreement
Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so
purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable
law). 

14.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Solely to the extent any Lender or Letter of Credit Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or
understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or Letter of Credit Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured,
may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

120 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution
Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or Letter of Credit Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(1) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or 

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

14.21. Acknowledgement
Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Credit Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit
Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with
the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Credit Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such
interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Credit Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Credit Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

121 

(b) As used in this Section 14.21, the following terms have the
following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party shall mean an affiliate (as such term is defined under,
and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity shall mean any of the
following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract
in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[Signature pages follow] 

122 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first written above. 

HCA INC.,

as the Borrower

By: /s/ John M. Hackett

Name: John M. Hackett

Title: Senior Vice President - Finance and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as the
Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, a Letter of

Credit Issuer and a Lender 

By: /s/ Tyler Morgan

Name: Tyler Morgan

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Letter of Credit Issuer and a Lender

By: /s/ Larkin Felker

Name: Larkin Felker

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

as a Letter of
Credit Issuer and a Lender

By: /s/ Ronnie Glenn

Name: Ronnie Glenn

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as a Letter of
Credit Issuer and a Lender

By: /s/ Susan M. Olsen

Name: Susan M. Olsen

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as a
Letter of Credit Issuer and a Lender

By: /s/ Marcelo Nicols Osovi Conti

Name: Marcelo Nicols Osovi Conti

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as a Letter of
Credit Issuer and a Lender

By: /s/ Tracy Rahn

Name: Tracy Rahn

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BNP PARIBAS,

as a
Lender

By: /s/ John Bosco

Name: John Bosco

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Claudia Zarate

Name: Claudia Zarate

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Lender

By: /s/ Joe Fahey

Name: Joe Fahey

Title: Duly Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Crdit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank,

as a Lender

By: /s/ Michael Ubriaco

Name: Michael Ubriaco

Title: Director

By: /s/ Jill Wong

Name: Jill Wong

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Fifth Third Bank, National Association,

as a Lender

By: /s/ Thomas Avery

Name: Thomas Avery

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

as a
Lender

By: /s/ Rebecca Kratz

Name: Rebecca Kratz

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.,

as a
Lender

By: /s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

PNC Bank, National Association,

as
a Lender

By: /s/ Kristin E. Olson

Name: Kristin E. Olson

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Royal Bank of Canada,

as a
Lender

By: /s/ Scott MacVicar

Name: Scott MacVicar

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Cindy Hwee

Name: Cindy Hwee

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Truist Bank,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ Anton Brykalin 

Name: Anton Brykalin

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. NEW YORK BRANCH,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Brian Crowley 

Name: Brian Crowley

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Armen Semizian

Name: Armen Semizian

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, New York Branch, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Andrew Millane 

Name: Andrew Millane

Title: Executive Director & Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

DNB Capital LLC,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ David Meisner 

Name: David Meisner

Title: First Vice President

By: 

/s/ Devan Patel 

Name: Devan Patel

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

The Huntington National Bank,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ Joseph Hricovsky 

Name: Joseph Hricovsky

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

National Westminster Bank Plc,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ Greg McDermott 

Name: Greg McDermott

Title: Director, Large Corporate

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ Kimberly A. Crotty 

Name: Kimberly A. Crotty

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Regions Bank,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ Warren Beck 

Name: Warren Beck

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as a
Lender

By: 

/s/ Robb Gass 

Name: Robb Gass

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch,

as a Lender

By: /s/ Mike Tkach

Name: Mike Tkach

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Agricultural Bank of China Ltd., New York Branch,

as a Lender

By: /s/ Nelson Chou

Name: Nelson Chou

Title: SVP & Head of Corporate Banking

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Bank of China, New York Branch,

as
a Lender

By: /s/ Raymond Qiao

Name: Raymond Qiao

Title: Executive Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

FIRST HORIZON BANK,

as a
Lender

By: /s/ Bill Berrell

Name: Bill Berrell

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

Pinnacle Bank,

as a
Lender

By: /s/ Michael Woodnorth

Name: Michael Woodnorth

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit
Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT REQUEST [AMENDMENT] 

No.
_______________1 Dated
_____________2

To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, 

[________________________], as the Letter of Credit Issuer, 

under the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, refinanced or
replaced from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among HCA Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the lending institutions from time to time parties thereto, (each a Lender and,
collectively, the Lenders), the Letter of Credit Issuers from time to time parties thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and a Letter of Credit Issuer. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby
requests that the Letter of Credit Issuer [issue] [amend]3 a Letter of Credit on _____________________4 (the Date of
Issuance) in the aggregate stated amount of _____________________5 in [Dollars] [Euro] [Sterling].6

For purposes of this Letter of Credit Request, unless otherwise defined, all capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Credit
Agreement shall have the respective meanings provided therein. 

1 

Letter of Credit Request Number. 

2 

Date of Letter of Credit Request (at least two Business Days prior to the Date of Issuance or such lesser
number of Business Days as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and such Letter of Credit Issuer). 

3 

If an amendment, include a description of the proposed amendment. 

4 

Date of Issuance. 

5 

Aggregate initial stated amount of Letter of Credit. 

6 

Indicate applicable currency. 

The beneficiary of the requested Letter of Credit [will be] [is] _____________,7 and such Letter of Credit [will be] [is] in support of ________________8 and [will have] [has] a stated expiration date of __________________.9

The undersigned hereby certifies that: 

(a) All representations and warranties made by any Credit Party contained in the Credit Agreement or in the other Credit
Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except where such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, in which case such representation or
warranty shall be true and correct in all respects after giving effect to any qualification therein) with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Date of Issuance (except where such
representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects (except where such representation or warranty is qualified by
materiality, material adverse effect or similar language, in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all respects after giving effect to any qualification therein) as of such earlier
date). 

(b) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof nor, after giving effect to
the issuance of the Letter of Credit requested hereby, would such a Default or Event of Default occur. 

(c) Attached hereto
as Exhibit A is a true and correct copy of the documents to be presented by the beneficiary of the requested Letter of Credit in the case of any drawing thereunder. 

(d) Attached hereto as Exhibit B is the full text of any certificate to be presented by such
beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder. 

Copies of all documentation with respect to the supported transaction are attached hereto.

HCA INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

7 

Insert name and address of beneficiary. 

8 

Insert description of supported obligations and name of agreement to which it relates, if any.

9 

Insert last date upon which drafts may be presented. 

- A-2 - 

EXHIBIT B 

TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

This Assignment and Acceptance (this Assignment and Acceptance) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is
entered into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor) and [the][each]2
Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3 hereunder are
several and not joint.]4 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the Credit Agreement),
receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the][each] Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and
Acceptance as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the
Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of
the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors][the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under
the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the respective
Assignors] under the respective facilities5 identified below [(including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit and the Swingline Loans included in such facilities, as applicable)]6 and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective
Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions
governed thereby 

1 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a
single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 

2 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a
single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 

3 

Select as appropriate. 

4 

Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

5 

Include all applicable subfacilities. 

6 

Include only if assignment involves a Revolving Credit Commitment.

- B-1 - 

or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in
equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred
to herein collectively as [the][an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, without representation or
warranty by [the][any] Assignor. 

1. 

Assignor[s]: ______________________________ 

______________________________ 

2. 

Assignee[s]: ______________________________ 

______________________________ 

[for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]] 

3. 

Borrower: HCA Inc., a Delaware corporation 

4. 

Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

5. 

Credit Agreement: Credit Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended
and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time), among HCA Inc., the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Letter of Credit Issuers from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, a Letter of Credit Issuer, and Swingline Lender 

6. 

Assigned Interest: 

Assignor[s]7 Assignee[s]8 Facility

Assigned9 Aggregate

Amount of

Commitment/

Loans

for all Lenders10 Amount of

Commitment/Loans

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of

Commitment/

Loans11 CUSIP

Number 

[$//]_____________ [$//]_______ ____________% 

[$//]_____________ [$//]_______ ____________% 

[$//]_____________ [$//]_______ ____________% 

7 

List each Assignor, as appropriate. 

8 

List each Assignee, as appropriate. 

9 

Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being
assigned under this Assignment (e.g. Revolving Credit Commitment, etc.). 

10 

Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take
into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

11 

Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

- B-2 - 

[7. 

Trade Date: __________________]12

Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE
REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Acceptance are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR[S]

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

ASSIGNEE[S]

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented to and Accepted:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as

Administrative Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consented to:13

HCA INC., as Borrower

By: 

Name:

Title:

12 

To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined
as of the Trade Date. 

13 

Insert for each of the Borrower or any other entity whose consent is required under the credit agreement.

- B-3 - 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

1. Representations and Warranties. 

1.1. Assignor[s]. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the
relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment
and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in
connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Documents, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations
under any Credit Document. 

1.2. Assignee[s]. [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power
and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the
requirements to be an assignee under Section 14.6(b) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 14.6(b)(i) of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and
after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is
sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in
acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 9.1 of the
Credit Agreement, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it
has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and
Acceptance and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest and (vii) if it is a Non-U.S. Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit
Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by
the terms of the Credit Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

- B-4 - 

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make
all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the
relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the
Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee. 

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

- B-5 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>hca-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hca-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hca-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000860730

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity Registrant Name HCA Healthcare, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-11239

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-3865930

Entity Address, Address Line One One Park Plaza

Entity Address, City or Town Nashville

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37203

City Area Code (615)

Local Phone Number 344-9551

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol HCA

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://hcahealthcare.com//20250220/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d935546d8k.htm 
hca-20250220.xsd 
hca-20250220_lab.xml 
hca-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-030833-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d935546d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000860730 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

false 
0000860730 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
HCA Healthcare, Inc. 
DE 
001-11239 
27-3865930 
One Park Plaza 
Nashville 
TN 
37203 
(615) 
344-9551 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.01 par value per share 
HCA 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>