<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-019326.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-019326.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203164928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-019326
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002029118
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42499
		FILM NUMBER:		25583315

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2605 CRANBERRY SQUARE
		CITY:			MORGANTOWN
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			26508
		BUSINESS PHONE:		304-212-2350

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2605 CRANBERRY SQUARE
		CITY:			MORGANTOWN
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			26508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d894988d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0002029118--12-3100020291182025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42499 99-3407012

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2605 Cranberry Square

Morgantown, WV26058

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(304)212-2350

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share INR The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

In connection with the initial public offering (the Offering) by Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. (the Company) of its Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), described in the prospectus (the Prospectus), dated January 30, 2025, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which is deemed to be part of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-282502) (as amended, the Registration Statement), the following agreements were entered into: 

the Underwriting Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, by and among the Company, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, on behalf of themselves and each of the other underwriters listed on Schedule I thereto (the Underwriting Agreement), which contains customary representations and warranties of the parties and indemnification of the underwriters by the Company; 

the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Infinity Natural Resources, LLC (INR Holdings), dated as of January 30, 2025, by and among the Company and the other signatories parties thereto (the INR Holdings LLC Agreement); 

the Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and among the Company and each of the other signatories from time to time party thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement); and 

the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and among the Company and the TRA Parties (as defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement) (the Tax Receivable Agreement). 

The terms of these agreements are substantially the same as the terms set forth in the forms of such agreements previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement and as described therein under Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and which descriptions are also incorporated by reference herein. 

The descriptions of the Underwriting Agreement, the INR Holdings LLC Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Tax Receivable Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, the INR Holdings LLC Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Tax Receivable Agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 1.1, 10.1, 4.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference. 

Certain parties to certain of these agreements have various relationships with the Company. For further information, see Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Underwriting (Conflicts of Interest) Conflicts of Interest in the Prospectus. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

On January 30, 2025, in connection with the recapitalization of INR Holdings, the Company issued an aggregate of 45,638,889 shares of its Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class B Common Stock), to the existing equity owners of INR Holdings in exchange for the cancellation of their existing equity interests. Such issuance was undertaken in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof as sales by an issuer not involving any public offering. The Companys reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act was based upon the following factors: (a) the issuance of the shares was an isolated private transaction by the Company which did not involve a public offering and (b) there was a limited number of recipients. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information provided in Item 1.01 regarding the Registration Rights Agreement and in Item 5.03 hereto is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Directors; Committee Composition; Director Compensation 

On January 30, 2025, following the effective time of the Registration Statement, Katherine Gallagher, Scott Gieselman, Steven Gray, Sarah James, David Poole and Brian Seline were appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). Mr. Seline was designated to serve on the Board by NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., and Steven Cobb and William Quinn, both of which were members of the Board prior to the Offering, were designated to continue serving on the Board by Pearl Energy Investments, L.P. and its affiliates pursuant to the Amended Charter (as defined below). 

Mr. Gray serves as Chairman of the Board and on the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee). Mses. Gallagher and James serve on the Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee (the NGS Committee) and the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee), with Ms. James serving as chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Poole serves on the Compensation Committee and as chair of the NGS Committee. Mr. Gieselman serves on the Audit Committee and as chair of the Compensation Committee. 

Biographical information for Mses. Gallagher and James and Messrs. Gray, Gieselman, Poole and Seline is set forth in the Prospectus under the caption Management and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Board determined that Mses. Gallagher and James and Messrs. Cobb, Gray, Gieselman, Poole, Quinn and Seline each meet the independence requirements under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Except as set forth under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions in the Prospectus, Mses. Gallagher and James and Messrs. Gray, Gieselman, Poole and Seline have no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There are no understandings or arrangements between Mses. Gallagher and James and Messrs. Gray, Gieselman and Poole and any other person pursuant to which such individual was selected to serve as a director of the Board. 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan 

Effective January 20, 2025, the Board adopted and approved the Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Plan) substantially in the form previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement. For further information regarding the Omnibus Plan, see Executive CompensationActions Taken in Connection with this OfferingOmnibus Incentive Plan in the Prospectus. 

A copy of the Omnibus Plan is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference. The above description of the Omnibus Plan is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan 

On February 3, 2025, the Compensation Committee of the Board adopted the Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (the Executive Severance Plan). The Executive Severance Plan provides severance pay and benefits to eligible officers and management employees who are designated as Eligible Employees (as defined in the Executive Severance Plan). Each of the Companys named executive officers has been designated as an Eligible Employee in the Executive Severance Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Executive Severance Plan. 

Upon the termination of an Eligible Employees employment due to a termination by the Company without Cause or a resignation by the Eligible Employee for Good Reason (each, a Qualifying Termination) that occurs outside of the period commencing on the date on which a Change in Control is consummated and ending 24 months after a Change in Control is consummated, so long as such Eligible Employee satisfies the Release and Restrictive Covenant Requirements (as defined below), the Eligible Employee would be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: (i) a cash severance payment equal to the product of (a) the sum of the Eligible Employees base salary and target annual bonus for the year of termination (the Annual Compensation) and (b) the Applicable Non-CIC Severance Multiple (which is 1.5 for Tier 1 employees, including Zack Arnold and David Sproule, and 1.0 for Tier 2 employees, including Raleigh Wolfe), payable in substantially equal installments on the Companys regular 

payroll schedule for the period commencing on the Eligible Employees date of termination and continuing until the expiration of the Eligible Employees Applicable Non-CIC Severance Period (which is 18 months for Tier 1 employees and 12 months for Tier 2 employees), (ii) any earned but unpaid annual bonus with respect to the calendar year ending on or preceding such Eligible Employees date of termination (the Earned Annual Bonus), payable at the same time the Company pays its annual bonuses under the applicable incentive plan generally, (iii) a pro-rated portion of such Eligible Employees annual bonus for the calendar year that includes such Eligible Employees date of termination, determined based on actual performance levels (the Pro-Rated Bonus), payable at the same time the Company pays its annual bonuses under the applicable incentive plan generally and (iv) a cash payment equal to the product of (a) the monthly amount of the premiums for the Eligible Employees group health plan coverage (including coverage for the Eligible Employees spouse and eligible dependents), determined under the Companys group health plans (the Monthly COBRA Amount) and (b) the Applicable Non-CIC COBRA Multiple (which is 18 months for Tier 1 employees and 12 months for Tier 2 employees), payable in lump sum within 60 days after such Eligible Employees date of termination. 

Upon the termination of an Eligible Employees employment due to a Qualifying Termination that occurs during a Change of Control Protection Period and so long as the Eligible Employee satisfies the Release and Restrictive Covenant Requirements, the Eligible Employee would be entitled to receive the following severance benefits, payable in lump sum within 60 days after such Eligible Employees date of termination: (i) a cash severance payment equal to the product of (a) the Annual Compensation and (b) the Applicable CIC Severance Multiple (which is 2.5 for Tier 1 employees and 1.5 for Tier 2 employees), (ii) the Earned Annual Bonus, (iii) the Pro-Rated Bonus and (iv) a cash payment equal to the product of (a) the Monthly COBRA Amount and (b) the Applicable CIC COBRA Multiple (which is 24 months for Tier 1 employees and 18 months for Tier 2 employees). 

Payment of the severance benefits under the Executive Severance Plan to an Eligible Employee is subject to the Eligible Employees (i) execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in favor of the Company and (ii) continued compliance with the cooperation covenant set forth in the Executive Severance Plan and the other restrictive covenant obligations set forth in the Eligible Employees participation agreement and any other agreement to which such Eligible Employee is a party (the Release and Restrictive Covenant Requirements). The Executive Severance Plan supersedes all prior agreements, practices, policies, procedures and plans relating to severance benefits. 

This summary of the Executive Severance Plan does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Executive Severance Plan and form of Participation Agreement thereunder filed as Exhibits 10.4 and 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Indemnification Agreements 

In connection with the closing of the Offering, the Company entered into Indemnification Agreements (Indemnification Agreements) with each of the executive officers and directors of the Company. These Indemnification Agreements and the Companys governing documents require the Company to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liability that may arise by reason of their service to the Company. Subject to certain limitations, the indemnification agreements and the governing documents will also require the Company to advance expenses incurred by its directors and officers. 

The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreements is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indemnification Agreements, which are attached as Exhibits 10.6 through 10.16 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Changes in Fiscal Year. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

On January 30, 2025, the Company amended and restated its Certificate of Incorporation (as amended and restated, the Amended Charter), which was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 30, 2025. The Amended Charter, among other things, provides that the Companys authorized capital stock consists of 400,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 150,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Descriptions of the provisions within the Amended Charter are contained in the section of the Prospectus entitled Description of Capital Stock and are incorporated herein by reference. 

The foregoing description and the description contained in the Prospectus are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Charter, which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated in this Item 5.03 by reference. 

Amended and Restated Bylaws 

On January 30, 2025, the Company amended and restated its bylaws (as amended and restated, the Amended Bylaws). Descriptions of the provisions within the Amended Bylaws are contained in the section of the Prospectus entitled Description of Capital Stock and are incorporated herein by reference. 

The foregoing description and the description contained in the Prospectus are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Bylaws, which are attached as Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated in this Item 5.03 by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On February 3, 2025, the Company completed the Offering of 13,250,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at a price to the public of $20.00 per share. As contemplated by the Prospectus, once received, all of the net proceeds of the Offering were contributed by the Company to INR Holdings. As contemplated in the Prospectus, INR Holdings used all of the net proceeds (net of underwriting discounts) from the Offering to repay borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, by and among the Company, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, on behalf of themselves and each of the other underwriters listed on Schedule I thereto.

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Infinity Natural Resources, Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Infinity Natural Resources, Inc.

4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 3, 2025, by and among the Company and each of the other signatories from time to time party thereto.

10.1 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and among the Company and the other signatories parties thereto.

10.2 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and among the Company and the TRA Parties (as defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement).

10.3+ Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan.

10.4+ Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan.

10.5+ Form of Participation Agreement pursuant to Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan.

10.6 Indemnification Agreement (Zack Arnold).

10.7 Indemnification Agreement (David Sproule).

10.8 Indemnification Agreement (Raleigh Wolfe).

10.9 Indemnification Agreement (Steven Cobb).

10.10 Indemnification Agreement (William J. Quinn).

10.11 Indemnification Agreement (Katherine M. Gallagher).

10.12 Indemnification Agreement (Scott Gieselman).

10.13 Indemnification Agreement (Steven D. Gray).

10.14 Indemnification Agreement (Sarah James).

10.15 Indemnification Agreement (David Poole).

10.16 Indemnification Agreement (Brian Seline).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

+ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted portion to the SEC upon request. 

Certain personally identifiable information has been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) under Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Zack Arnold

President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: February 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d894988dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

13,250,000 Shares 

Class A
Common Stock 

($0.01 par value) 

Underwriting Agreement 

New York,
New York 

January 30, 2025 

Citigroup
Global Markets Inc. 

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

As Representatives of
the several Underwriters, 

c/o Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10013 

c/o Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 

320 Park Avenue,
12th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

c/o RBC Capital
Markets, LLC 

Brookfield Place 

200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor

New York, New York 10281 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), proposes to
sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule I hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you (the Representatives) are acting as representatives, 13,250,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value
(Class A Common Stock) of the Company (said shares to be issued and sold by the Company being hereinafter called the Underwritten Securities). The Company also proposes to grant to the
Underwriters an option to purchase up to 1,987,500 additional shares of Class A Common Stock solely to cover over-allotments, if any (the Option Securities; the Option Securities, together with the Underwritten Securities,
being hereinafter called the Securities). 

The Company and Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (Raymond James)
agree that up to 5% of the Underwritten Securities to be purchased by the Underwriters (the Directed Shares) shall be reserved for sale by Raymond James to certain persons designated by the Company (the
Participants), as part of the distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters, subject to the terms of this Agreement, the applicable rules, regulations and interpretations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
(FINRA) and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Company has solely determined, without any direct or indirect participation by the Underwriters or Raymond James, the Participants who will purchase Directed Shares
(including the amount to be purchased by such persons) sold by Raymond James. To the extent that such Directed Shares are not orally confirmed for purchase by the Participants by 11:59 PM (New York City time) on the date of this Agreement, such
Directed Shares may be offered to the public as part of the public offering contemplated hereby. 

As used in this underwriting agreement
(this Agreement), the Registration Statement means the registration statement referred to in paragraph 1(a) hereof, including the exhibits, schedules, if any, and financial statements and any prospectus
supplement relating to the Securities that is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
(the Securities Act) and deemed part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act (Rule 430A), as amended at the date and time that this Agreementis executed and delivered by the parties hereto (the Execution Time), and, in the event any post-effective amendment thereto or any registration statement and any amendments thereto
filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) becomes effective prior to the Closing Date (as defined in Section 3 hereof), shall also mean such registration statement as so
amended or such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, as the case may be; the Effective Date means each date and time that the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment or amendments thereto or any Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement became or becomes effective; the Preliminary Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus referred to in paragraph 1(a) hereof and any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the
Effective Date that omits information with respect to the Securities and the offering thereof permitted to be omitted from the Registration Statement when it becomes effective pursuant to Rule 430A; and the Prospectus means the
prospectus relating to the Securities that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (Rule 424(b)) after the Execution Time. 

As used in this Agreement, the Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary Prospectus that is generally
distributed to investors and used to offer the Securities, (ii) any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act (an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), and any other document or pricing
information identified in Schedule II hereto,and (iii) any other free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (a Free Writing Prospectus), that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly
agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. 

2 

The Company was formed in contemplation of the proposed issuance and sale of the Securities
(the Offering). It is understood and agreed to by all parties that the Company has entered, or will prior to the closing of the Offering enter, into certain reorganization transactions, pursuant to which the following
transactions, among others, have occurred or will occur (as further described under the heading Corporate Reorganization in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (each as defined herein)): 

a. 

all of the membership interests in Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(INR Holdings) held by its then-existing owners (the Pre-IPO Owners) will be converted into a single class of INR Holdings units (INR Holdings Units);

b. 

the Pre-IPO Owners will continue to hold INR Holdings Units (such
holders, the INR Holdings Unit Holders) and the Company will issue to each INR Holdings Unit Holder a number of shares of the Companys Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class B
Common Stock and together with Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock), equal to the number of INR Holdings Units held by such INR Holdings Unit Holder following the Offering in exchange for a cash payment equal to
the par value of such shares of Class B Common Stock; 

c. 

the Company will issue 13,250,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to purchasers in the Offering in exchange
for the proceeds of the Offering; 

d. 

the Company will contribute the net proceeds of the Offering to INR Holdings in exchange for a number of INR
Holdings Units such that the Company holds a total number of INR Holdings Units equal to the number of Securities outstanding following the Offering and a managing member interest in INR Holdings (clauses (a) through (d), the
Reorganization Transactions). 

Following the Offering and the Reorganization Transactions, the Company will be a
holding company whose sole material asset will consist of a 22.5% equity interest in INR Holdings. INR Holdings will continue to wholly own all of the Companys operating assets. References herein to the Company and its subsidiaries
refer to Company and its subsidiaries pro forma following the Reorganization Transactions. 

1. Representations and Warranties. The
Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, each Underwriter as set forth below in this Section 1. 

(a) The
Company has prepared and filed with the SEC a registration statement (file number 333-282502) on Form S-1, including a related preliminary prospectus, for the
registration of the offering and sale of the Securities under the Securities Act. Such Registration Statement, including any amendments thereto filed prior to the Execution Time, has become effective. The Company may have filed one or more
amendments thereto, including a related preliminary prospectus, each of which has previously been furnished to you. The Company will file with the SEC a final prospectus relating to the Securities in accordance with Rule 424(b) after the Execution
Time. As filed, such final prospectus shall contain all information required by the Securities Act and the rules thereunder and, except to the extent the Representatives shall agree in writing to a modification, shall be in all substantive respects
in the form furnished to you prior to the Execution Time or, to the extent not completed at the Execution Time, shall contain only such specific additional information and other changes (beyond that contained in the latest Preliminary Prospectus) as
the Company has advised you, prior to the Execution Time, will be included or made therein. 

3 

(b) On the Effective Date, the Registration Statement did, and when the
Prospectus is first filed in accordance with Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date (as defined herein) and on any date on which Option Securities are purchased, if such date is not the Closing Date (a settlement date), the
Prospectus (and any supplement thereto) will, comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the rules thereunder; on the Effective Date, at the Execution Time and on the Closing Date, the Registration
Statement did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and on the date of any filing
pursuant to Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date and any settlement date, the Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations or warranties as to the information contained in or omitted from the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus (or any supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for inclusion in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (or any supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8
hereof. 

(c) (i) The Disclosure Package,(ii) each electronic road show, when taken together as a whole
with the Disclosure Package,and (iii) any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, when taken together as a whole with the Disclosure
Package,does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically
for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof. 

(d) (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used
as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (Rule 405)), without taking account of any determination by the SEC
pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer. 

4 

(e) From the time of initial confidential submission of the Registration
Statement to the SEC (or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly or through any person authorized to act on its behalf in any
Testing-the-Waters Communication) through the Execution Time, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the
Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication by the
Company or by any person authorized to act on its behalf with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act. 

(f) The Company (i) has not alone engaged in any
Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the
consent of the Representatives with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and
(ii) has not authorized anyone other than the Representatives to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company reconfirms that the Representatives have
been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule III hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405. 

(g) Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus does not include any information that conflicts with the information contained in the
Registration Statement, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by or on behalf of any
Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 8 hereof. 

(h) Each of the Company and its
subsidiaries has been duly incorporated or organized and is validly existing as a corporation or limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is chartered or organized with full corporate power and
authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and to operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or limited liability
company and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction which requires such qualification, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). 

(i) All of the issued and outstanding capital stock, limited liability company
interests or otherwise, as applicable, of each subsidiary has been duly authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable (to the extent applicable under the relevant jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization), and, except (i) as arising under INR Holdings credit facility, dated as of September 25, 2024, by and among, INR Holdings, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as the
administrative agent and an issuing bank (the INR Holdings Credit Facility), as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or (ii) as otherwise set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is owned by
the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, defect, claim or equity. 

5 

(j) There is no franchise, contract or other document of a character
required to be described in the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or to be filed as an exhibit thereto, which is not described or filed as required (and the Preliminary Prospectus contains in all material respects the same description of the
foregoing matters contained in the Prospectus); and the statements in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus under the headings Description of Capital Stock and Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders insofar as such statements summarize legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings discussed therein, are accurate summaries of such legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings
in all material respects. 

(k) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. The Company
has full right, power and authority to execute and deliver the tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement) to be entered into by and among the Company and certain of its principal shareholders in connection with the
closing of the Offering and to perform its obligations thereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization, execution and delivery by the Tax Receivable Agreement and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated thereby has been duly and validly taken. 

(l) The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and
sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(m) No consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of any court or governmental agency or body is required in
connection with the transactions contemplated herein, except such as have been obtained under the Securities Act and such as may be required under the blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in connection with the purchase and distribution of the
Securities by the Underwriters in the manner contemplated herein and in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(n)
Neither the issue and sale of the Securities nor the consummation of any other of the transactions herein contemplated nor the fulfillment of the terms hereof will conflict with, result in a breach or violation of, or imposition of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, (i) the charter, by-laws or limited liability company agreement of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
(ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or bound or
to which its or their property is subject, or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body,
arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their properties, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) for any such breach, violation or imposition as would not reasonably
be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

6 

(o) No holders of securities of the Company have rights to the registration
of such securities under the Registration Statement,except for persons and entities who have expressly waived such right in writing. 

(p) The consolidated historical financial statements and schedules of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries included in
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated, comply as
to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved
(except as otherwise noted therein). The pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement include assumptions that provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects
directly attributable to the transactions and events described therein, the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those assumptions, and the pro forma adjustments reflect the proper application of those adjustments to the
historical financial statement amounts in the pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration Statement. The pro forma financial statements included in the Preliminary Prospectus, the
Prospectus and the Registration Statement comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act (Regulation S-X). 

(q) No action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or its or their property is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened that (i) would reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the performance of this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect),
except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(r) Each of the Company and each of its subsidiaries owns or leases all such properties as are necessary to the conduct of its
operations as presently conducted except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

7 

(s) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation or
default of (i) any provision of its charter, bylaws or limited liability company agreement, (ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation,
condition, covenant or instrument to which it is a party or bound or to which its property is subject, or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental
body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or such subsidiary or any of its properties, as applicable except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) for any such violation or default as would not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(t) Deloitte & Touche LLP, who
have audited certain financial statements of the Company and INR Holdings, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and as required by the Securities Act. 

(u) Huselton,
Morgan and Maultsby P.C., who have audited certain financial statements of the Utica Resources Ventures, LLC (Utica), is an independent accounting firm with respect to Utica within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by
the Commission and PCAOB and as required by the Securities Act. 

(v) KPMG LLP, who have audited certain financial
statements of the oil and gas properties acquired by Infinity Natural Resources from PEO Ohio, LLC (PEO Ohio), is an independent accounting firm with respect to PEO Ohio within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the
Commission and PCAOB and as required by the Securities Act. 

(w) Wright & Company, Inc.
(Wright & Company), who have prepared certain reserve information of the Company and its subsidiaries, have represented to the Company that they are independent petroleum engineers with respect to the
Company and its subsidiaries for the periods set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

(x) The oil and gas
reserve estimates of the Company included in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus are derived from a report that has been prepared by Wright & Company as set forth and to the extent indicated therein, and have been prepared in
accordance with the SEC guidelines in all material respects, and the Company has no reason to believe that such estimates do not fairly reflect, in all material respects, the oil and gas reserves of the Company as of the date indicated therein.
Other than production of the reserves in the ordinary course of business, intervening product price fluctuations, fluctuations in demand for such products, adverse weather conditions, unavailability or increased costs of rigs, services, supplies or
personnel, the timing of third party operations and other facts, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances that
would result in a Material Adverse Effect in the reserves or the present value of future net cash flows therefrom as described in each of the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

8 

(y) The Company and its subsidiaries, as applicable, have filed all tax
returns that are required to be filed or have properly requested extensions thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file would not have a Material Adverse Effect, or except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto)) and have paid all taxes required to be paid by it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, except for
any such assessment, fine or penalty that is currently being contested in good faith or as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
(exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), and there is no tax deficiency that has been asserted against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets and that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(z) (i) No labor dispute with the employees of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened or imminent, and (ii) the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor dispute by the employees of any of its or its subsidiaries
principal suppliers, contractors or customers, that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, would have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment
or supplement thereto). 

(aa) The Company and each of its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company believes are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance insuring the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their
respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies and instruments in all material respects; and there are no material
claims by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause; neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has been
refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(bb) No subsidiary of the
Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such subsidiary from
the Company or from transferring any of such subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other subsidiary of the Company, except (i) as described in or contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any
amendment or supplement thereto) or (ii) as arising under the INR Holdings Credit Facility as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. 

9 

(cc) The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates,
permits and other authorizations issued by all applicable authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except for any such failure to possess as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of
an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(dd) The Company and its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Other than as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries are not aware of any
material weakness in their internal controls over financial reporting. 

(ee) The Company and its subsidiaries maintain
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
Exchange Act)); other than as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries are not aware of any material weakness in their disclosure controls and procedures. 

(ff) The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly (without giving effect to the activities of the Underwriters), any
action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale
of the Securities. 

(gg) Except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of
any amendment or supplement thereto), the Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, U.S. federal, state and local laws, legally-binding rules, regulations, ordinances and codes relating to the
protection of human health and safety (with respect to exposure to hazardous or toxic substances), the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received,
and are in compliance with, all permits, licenses, approvals, certificates, determinations, waivers, exemptions or other authorizations required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses, (iii) have not
been named as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, and (iv) have not received notice of any actual or potential unresolved

10 

liability under any Environmental Law, except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses, approvals,
certificates, determinations, waivers, exemptions or other authorizations, naming as a potentially responsible party, or liability would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(hh) The Company and its subsidiaries are not aware of any costs or liabilities arising under Environmental Laws (including,
without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws, or any permit, license, approval, certificate, determination,
waiver, exemption or other authorization, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, except as set forth in or
contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(ii) Except
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, none of the following events has occurred or exists: (i) a failure to fulfill the obligations, if any, under the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of the United States Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to a Plan, determined without regard to any waiver of such obligations or extension of any amortization
period; (ii) an audit or investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other federal or state governmental agency or any foreign regulatory agency with respect to
the employment or compensation of employees by any of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (iii) any breach of any contractual obligation, or any violation of law or applicable qualification standards, with respect to the employment or
compensation of employees by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, none of the following events has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur: (i) a material increase in the aggregate amount
of contributions required to be made to all Plans in the current fiscal year of the Company and its subsidiaries compared to the amount of such contributions made in the most recently completed fiscal year of the Company and its subsidiaries;
(ii) a material increase in the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligations (within the meaning of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 106) of the Company and its subsidiaries compared to the amount of such obligations
in the most recently completed fiscal year of the Company and its subsidiaries; (iii) any event or condition giving rise to a liability under Title IV of ERISA; or (iv) the filing of a claim by one or more employees or former employees of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries related to their employment. For purposes of this paragraph, the term Plan means a plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title IV of ERISA with respect to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries may have any liability. 

(jj) There is and has been no failure on the part of the
Company and any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection thereunder (the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 relating to loans and Sections 302 and 906 relating to certifications, that are then in effect and with which the Company is required to comply with as of the Effective Date. 

11 

(kk) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge
of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would reasonably be expected to result in
a violation or a sanction for violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended, or similar applicable anti-corruption law of any other relevant jurisdiction, or the rules or
regulations thereunder; and the Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures to ensure compliance therewith. No part of the proceeds of the offering will be used, directly or knowingly indirectly, in violation of
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended, or similar law of any other relevant jurisdiction, or the rules or regulations thereunder. 

(ll) The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements and the money laundering statutes and the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency
(collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the
Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(mm) Neither the Company nor any of
its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) is, or is controlled or 50% or more owned in the aggregate by or is acting on behalf of,
one or more individuals or entities that are currently the subject of any applicable sanctions administered or enforced by the United States (including any administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of
the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, a member state of the European Union (including sanctions administered or
enforced by His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom) or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions and such persons, Sanctioned Persons and each such person, a Sanctioned
Person), (ii) is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Syria and the Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine) (collectively, Sanctioned Countries and each, a Sanctioned Country) or (iii) will, directly or knowingly indirectly, use the
proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any individual or
entity party to this Agreement. 

12 

(nn) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has engaged in any
dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person, or with or in a Sanctioned Country, since April 24, 2019, in violation of Sanctions nor does the Company or any of its subsidiaries have any plans to engage in dealings or
transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person, or with or in a Sanctioned Country in violation of Sanctions. 

(oo) The subsidiaries listed on Annex A attached hereto are the only significant subsidiaries of the Company as defined by Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X.

(pp) On the
date of this Agreement, at the Execution Time and on the applicable Closing Date, each Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any prospectus wrapper, and any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complied or will comply in all material respects, and such
documents and any further amendments or supplements thereto will comply in all material respects, with any applicable laws or regulations of each jurisdiction in which the Prospectus, any prospectus wrapper or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as
amended or supplemented, if applicable, are distributed in connection with the reservation of certain shares being offered by the Prospectus through directed share program (the Directed Share Program). 

(qq) The Company has not offered or sold, or caused the Underwriters to offer or sell, any Shares to any person pursuant to the
Directed Share Program with the specific intent to unlawfully influence (i) a customer or supplier of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or (ii) a trade journalist or
publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or its products. 

Any certificate signed by any officer of the
Company and delivered to the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering of the Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company, as to matters covered thereby, to each Underwriter. 

2. Purchase and Sale. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the Company
agrees to sell to each Underwriter, and each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price of $18.80 per share, the amount of the Underwritten Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters
name in Schedule I hereto. 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions and in reliance upon the representations and
warranties herein set forth, the Company hereby grants an option to the several Underwriters to purchase, severally and not jointly, up to 1,987,500 Option Securities at the same purchase price per share as the Underwriters shall pay for the
Underwritten Securities, less an amount per share equal to any dividends or distributions declared by the Company and payable on the Underwritten Securities but not payable on the Option Securities. Said option may be exercised only to cover
over-allotments in the sale of the 

13 

Underwritten Securities by the Underwriters. Said option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time on or before the 30th day after the date of the Prospectus upon written notice by the
Representatives to the Company setting forth the number of shares of the Option Securities as to which the several Underwriters are exercising the option and the settlement date. The number of Option Securities to be purchased by each Underwriter
shall be the same percentage of the total number of shares of the Option Securities to be purchased by the several Underwriters as such Underwriter is purchasing of the Underwritten Securities, subject to such adjustments as you in your absolute
discretion shall make to eliminate any fractional shares. 

3. Delivery and Payment. Delivery of and payment for the Underwritten
Securities and the Option Securities (if the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof shall have been exercised on or before the first Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date) shall be made at 10:00 AM, New York City time, on
February 3, 2025, or at such time on such later date not more than one Business Day (two Business Days if the pricing occurs after 4:30 PM (New York City time) on any given day) after the foregoing date as the Representatives shall designate,
which date and time may be postponed by agreement among the Representatives and the Company or as provided in Section 9 hereof (such date and time of delivery and payment for the Securities being herein called the Closing
Date). As used herein, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorized or obligated by law to close in New
York City. Delivery of the Securities shall be made to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representatives of the purchase price thereof to or upon the
order of the Company by wire transfer payable in same-day funds to an account specified by the Company. Delivery of the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities shall be made through the facilities of
The Depository Trust Company unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. 

If the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof
is exercised after the first Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date, the Company will deliver the Option Securities (at the expense of the Company) to the Representatives, at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York, on the date
specified by the Representatives (which shall be within two Business Days (three Business Days if the option is exercised after 4:30 PM (New York City time) on any given day) after exercise of said option) for the respective accounts of the several
Underwriters, against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representatives of the purchase price thereof to or upon the order of the Company by wire transfer payable in same-day funds to an account
specified by the Company. If settlement for the Option Securities occurs after the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Representatives on the settlement date for the Option Securities, and the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase the
Option Securities shall be conditioned upon receipt of, supplemental opinions, certificates and letters confirming as of such date the opinions, certificates and letters delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6 hereof. 

4. Offering by Underwriters. It is understood that the several Underwriters propose to offer the Securities for sale to the public as
set forth in the Prospectus. 

14 

5. Agreements. The Company agrees with the several Underwriters that: 

(a) Prior to the termination of the offering of the Securities, the Company will not file any amendment to the Registration
Statement or supplement to the Prospectus or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement unless the Company has furnished you a copy for your review prior to filing and will not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which you reasonably
object. The Company will cause the Prospectus, properly completed, and any supplement thereto to be filed in a form approved by the Representatives with the SEC pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) within the time period
prescribed and will provide evidence satisfactory to the Representatives of such timely filing. The Company will promptly advise the Representatives (i) when the Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, shall have been filed (if required) with
the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) or when any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement shall have been filed with the SEC, (ii) when, prior to termination of the offering of the Securities, any amendment to the Registration Statement shall
have been filed or become effective, (iii) of any request by the SEC or its staff for any amendment to the Registration Statement, or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or for any supplement to the Prospectus or for any additional
information, (iv) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any notice objecting to its use or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose and (v) of
the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. The Company will use its
reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or the occurrence of any such suspension or objection to the use of the Registration Statement and, upon such issuance, occurrence or notice of objection, to obtain as soon as
possible the withdrawal of such stop order or relief from such occurrence or objection, including, if necessary, by filing an amendment to the Registration Statement or a new registration statement and using its reasonable best efforts to have such
amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable. 

(b) If, at any time prior to the filing
of the Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b), any event occurs as a result of which the Disclosure Package would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances then prevailing not misleading, the Company will (i) notify promptly the Representatives so that any use of the Disclosure Package may cease until it is amended or
supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Disclosure Package to correct such statement or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to you in such quantities as you may reasonably request. 

(c) If, at any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities Act
(including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under the Securities Act (Rule 172)), any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then supplemented would include any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances then prevailing not misleading, or if it shall be
necessary to amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the 

15 

Securities Act or the rules thereunder, the Company promptly will (i) notify the Representatives of any such event; (ii) prepare and file with the SEC, subject to the second sentence of
paragraph (a) of this Section 5, an amendment or supplement which will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance;and (iii) supply any supplemented Prospectus to
you in such quantities as you may reasonably request. 

(d) As soon as practicable, the Company will make generally
available to its security holders and to the Representatives an earnings statement or statements of the Company and its subsidiaries which will satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(e) Upon request, the Company will furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed
copies of the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and to each other Underwriter a copy of the Registration Statement (without exhibits thereto) and, so long as delivery of a prospectus by an Underwriter or dealer may be required by
the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172), as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and any supplement thereto as the
Representatives may reasonably request. The Company will pay the expenses of printing or other production of all documents relating to the offering. 

(f) The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to arrange, if necessary, for the qualification of the Securities for sale
under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably designate and will maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities; provided that in no event shall the Company be obligated
to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to service of process in suits, other than those arising out of the offering or sale of the Securities, in any jurisdiction
where it is not now so subject. 

(g) The Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, offer,
sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, (or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash
settlement or otherwise) by the Company or any affiliate of the Company or any person in privity with the Company or any affiliate of the Company) directly or indirectly, including the filing (or participation in the filing) of a registration
statement with the SEC in respect of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any other shares of Class A Common Stock or
any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Class A Common Stock; or publicly announce an intention to effect any such transaction, for a period of 180 days after the date of this Agreement, provided,
however, that the Company may (i) effect the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) issue and sell Common Stock, or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock, pursuant to
any equity incentive plan, employee stock option plan, employee stock purchase plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan or other plan or arrangement of the Company in effect at the Execution Time (collectively, the Company

16 

Plans), (iii) issue Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of securities or the exercise of warrants or options or the settlement of restricted stock units outstanding at the
Execution Time or issued thereafter pursuant to a Company Plan, (iv) file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 relating to any Company Plan, and (v) issue shares of Common Stock, or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to an arrangement of the Company described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that
prior to the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, each recipient of such shares agrees in writing to be subject to the lock-up described in this Section 5(g) and (vi) issue shares of
Common Stock, or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock, or enter into an agreement to issue shares of Common Stock, or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Class A Common Stock, in connection with any bona fide merger, joint venture or acquisition of equity interests or assets of any person, or the acquiring by the Company by any other manner of any business, properties, assets or
persons; provided, however, that (i) the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock disposed by the Company in such merger or acquisition does not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common
Stock outstanding immediately following the consummation of the offering of the Securities and (ii) prior to the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, each recipient of such shares agrees in writing to be subject to the lock-up described in this Section 5(g). 

(h) If the Representatives
agree to release or waive the restrictions set forth in a lock-up letter described in Section 6(k) hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with notice of the impending
release or waiver at least three Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto through a major news
service at least two Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver. 

(i) The Company will not take,
directly or indirectly (without giving effect to the activities of the Underwriters), any action designed to or that would constitute or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or
manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

(j) The
Company agrees to pay the costs and expenses relating to the following matters: (i) the preparation, printing or reproduction and filing with the SEC of the Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits thereto), each
Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and each amendment or supplement to any of them; (ii) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery (including postage, air freight charges and charges for counting
and packaging) of such copies of the Registration Statement, each Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and all amendments or supplements to any of them, as may, in each case, be reasonably requested for use
in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities; (iii) the preparation, printing, authentication, issuance and delivery of certificates for the Securities, including any transfer or similar taxes in connection with the original
issuance and transfer of the Securities to the Underwriters; (iv) the printing (or reproduction) and delivery 

17 

of this Agreement, any blue sky memorandum and all other agreements or documents printed (or reproduced) and delivered in connection with the offering of the Securities; (v) the registration
of the Securities under the Exchange Act and the listing of the Securities on the New York Stock Exchange; (vi) any registration or qualification of the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of the several states
(including filing fees and the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters relating to such registration and qualification); (vii) any filings required to be made with FINRA (including filing fees and the reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel for the Underwriters relating to such filings); (viii) the transportation and other expenses incurred by or on behalf of Company representatives in connection with presentations to prospective purchasers of the Securities;
(ix) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of counsel (including local and special counsel) for the Company; (x) the fees and disbursements of counsel (including
non-U.S. counsel) incurred by the Underwriters in connection with the Directed Share Program and stamp duties or other similar taxes or duties, if any, incurred by the underwriters in connection with the
Directed Share Program; and (xi) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; provided, however, that the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters incurred pursuant
clauses (vi), (vii) and (x) of this Section 5(j) shall not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate. 

(k) The Company
agrees that, unless it has or shall have obtained the prior written consent of the Representatives, and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees with the Company that, unless it has or shall have obtained, as the case may be, the prior
written consent of the Company, it has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a Free Writing Prospectus required to be filed by the
Company with the SEC or retained by the Company under Rule 433 under the Securities Act (Rule 433); provided that the prior written consent of the parties hereto shall be deemed to have been given in respect of the Free Writing
Prospectuses included in Schedule II hereto and any electronic road show. Any such free writing prospectus consented to by the Representatives or the Company is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The
Company agrees that (x) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and (y) it has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of
Rule 164 under the Securities Act (Rule 164) and Rule 433 applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the SEC, legending and record keeping. 

(l) The Company will promptly notify the Representatives if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time
prior to the later of (a) completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Securities Act and (b) completion of the 180-day restricted period referred to in
Section 5(g) hereof. 

(m) If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, any event occurs as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication would
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein in the light of the 

18 

circumstances under which they were made or the circumstances then prevailing not misleading, the Company will (i) notify promptly the Representatives so that use of the Written Testing-the-Waters Communication may cease until it is amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement the Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to correct such statement or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representatives in such quantities as may be reasonably requested. 

(n) In connection with the Directed Share Program, the Company will ensure that the Directed Shares will be restricted to the
extent required by FINRA or the FINRA rules from sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation for a period of three months following the date of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Raymond James will notify the Company as to
which Participants will need to be so restricted. The Company will direct the transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon such securities for such period of time. 

6. Conditions to the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase the Underwritten Securities and
the Option Securities, as the case may be, shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein as of the Execution Time, the Closing Date and any settlement date pursuant to
Section 3 hereof, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions: 

(a) The Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, have been filed in the manner and within the time period required by
Rule 424(b); any other material required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 433(d) shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings by Rule 433; and no stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or threatened. 

(b) The Company shall have requested and caused Kirkland & Ellis LLP, counsel for the Company, to have furnished to
the Representatives on the Closing Date any settlement date its opinion, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Representatives in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives. 

(c) The Representatives shall have received from Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, on the
Closing Date and any settlement date such opinion or opinions, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Representatives, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Securities, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) and other related matters as the Representatives may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they request for the purpose of enabling
them to pass upon such matters. 

19 

(d) The Company shall have furnished to the Representatives on the Closing
Date and any settlement date a certificate of the Company, signed by the President and the principal financial or accounting officer of the Company, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof, to the effect that the signers of such certificate
have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, as well as each electronic road show used in connection with the offering of the Securities, and this Agreement and
that: 

(i) the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date
thereof with the same effect as if made on the date thereof and the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such date; 

(ii) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to its use has been
issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened; and 

(iii)
since the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto), there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise),
prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(e) (i) at the Execution Time, at the Closing Date and
at any settlement date, Deloitte & Touche LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial
information contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or any settlement date, shall use a
cut-off date no more than two Business Days prior to such date; 

(ii)
at the Execution Time, at the Closing Date and at any settlement date, Huselton, Morgan and Maultsby P.C. shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of Utica, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to
the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the
financial statements and certain financial information contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or any settlement date, shall use a cut-off date no more than two Business Days prior to such date; and 

20 

(iii) at the Execution Time, at the Closing Date and at any settlement date,
KPMG LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of PEO Ohio, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives,
containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in each of the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; provided, that the letter delivered on the Closing Date or any settlement date, shall use a cut-off date no more than two Business Days prior
to such date. 

References to the Prospectus in this paragraph (e) include any supplement thereto at the date of the letter. 

(f) The Company shall have requested and caused Wright & Company, Inc. to have furnished to the Representatives,
at the Execution Time, at the Closing Date and at any settlement date, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, (i) confirming, as of such date, its estimates contained
in the reserve reports, as of its date, with respect to: (A) the estimated quantities of the Companys proved net reserves, (B) the future net revenues from those reserves, (C) their present value as set forth in the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus and (D) such related matters as the Representatives shall reasonably request and (ii) confirming that it is an independent petroleum engineering firm. 

(g) Subsequent to the Execution Time or, if earlier, the dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement
(exclusive of any amendment thereof) and the Prospectus (exclusive of supplement thereto), there shall not have been (i) any change or decrease specified in the letter or letters referred to in paragraph (e) of this Section 6 or
(ii) any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, whether or not arising from
transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto) the effect of which, in any case referred to in clause (i)
or (ii) above, is, in the sole judgment of the Representatives, so material and adverse as to make it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Registration Statement (exclusive
of any amendment thereof), the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

(h) Prior to the Closing Date and any settlement date, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives such further
information, certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

21 

(i) The Securities shall have been listed and admitted and authorized for
trading on the New York Stock Exchange, and satisfactory evidence of such actions shall have been provided to the Representatives. 

(j) At the Execution Time, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a letter substantially in the form of
Exhibit A hereto from each executive officer, director, stockholder and other equity holder of the Company specified in Schedule IV to this Agreement. 

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 6 shall not have been fulfilled when and as provided in this Agreement, or if any of
the opinions and certificates mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters, this Agreement and all obligations of the Underwriters
hereunder may be canceled at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date or any settlement date by the Representatives. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or by telephone or facsimile confirmed in writing. 

The documents required to be delivered by this Section 6 shall be delivered at the office of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for
the Underwriters, at 300 Colorado Street, Suite 2400, Austin, Texas 78701, on the Closing Date or any settlement date, as applicable. 

7.
Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If the sale of the Securities provided for herein is not consummated because any condition to the obligations of the Underwriters set forth in Section 6 hereof is not satisfied, because of
any termination pursuant to Section 10 hereof or because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or comply with any provision hereof other than by reason of a default by any of the
Underwriters, the Company will reimburse the Underwriters severally through the Representatives on demand for all documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel) that shall have been incurred by them in connection with the proposed purchase and sale of the Securities. 

8. Indemnification and Contribution. 

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, the directors, officers, employees, affiliates and
agents of each Underwriter and each person who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them
may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other Federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or
are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the registration statement for the registration of the Securities as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any Preliminary Prospectus, or
the Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or
are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 

22 

misleading, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party, as incurred, for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such
loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for inclusion
therein. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Company may otherwise have. 

In connection
with the offer and sale of the Directed Shares, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Raymond James and its affiliates, directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls Raymond James within the meaning of either
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (the Designated Entities), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liability (including, without limitation, any legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred in connection with defending or investigating any such action or claim) (i) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any material prepared by or with the
consent of the Company for distribution to Participants in connection with the Directed Share Program or arising out of or based upon any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (ii) arising out of or based upon the failure of any Participant in the Directed Share Program to pay for and accept delivery of Directed Shares
that the Participant in the Directed Share Program agreed to purchase; or (iii) arising out of, related to, or in connection with the Directed Share Program, other than damages (or expenses relating thereto) that are finally judicially
determined to have resulted from the bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Designated Entities. 

(b)
Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to each Underwriter, but only with reference to written information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company by or on behalf of such
Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which any Underwriter may otherwise have. The Company
acknowledges that the statements set forth (i) in the last paragraph of the cover page regarding delivery of the Securities and, under the heading Underwriting, (ii) the list of Underwriters and their respective participation
in the sale of the Securities, (iii) the sentences related to discounts and (iv) the paragraph related to short sales, covering transactions and stabilization in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus constitute the only information
furnished in writing by or on behalf of the several Underwriters for inclusion in the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

23 

(c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 8
of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but
the failure so to notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from liability under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture by
the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraph (a) or
(b) above. The indemnifying party shall be entitled to appoint counsel of the indemnifying partys choice at the indemnifying partys expense to represent the indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought (in
which case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be responsible for the fees and expenses of any separate counsel retained by the indemnified party or parties except as set forth below); provided, however, that such counsel shall
be satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys election to appoint counsel to represent the indemnified party in an action, the indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (including
local counsel), and the indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would present such counsel with
a conflict of interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal
defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to
represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. An
indemnifying party will not, without the prior written consent of the indemnified parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which
indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each
indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

(d) In the event that the indemnity provided in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 8 is unavailable to or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party for any reason, the Company and the Underwriters severally agree to contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in
connection with investigating or defending the same) (collectively, Losses) to which the Company and one or more of the Underwriters may be subject in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by
the Company on the one hand and by the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Securities. If the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is unavailable for any 

24 

reason, the Company and the Underwriters severally shall contribute in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company on
the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. Benefits received by the Company shall be deemed to be equal to
the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by it, and benefits received by the Underwriters shall be deemed to be equal to the total underwriting discounts and commissions, in each case as set forth on the cover
page of the Prospectus. The relative benefits received by Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (the Independent Underwriter) in its capacity as qualified independent underwriter shall be deemed to be in the same
proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the underwriting discount and commissions received by the Independent Underwriter in connection with the offering. Relative fault
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or any alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information provided by the Company on the one
hand or the Underwriters on the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be
just and equitable if contribution were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph (d), in no
event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Securities exceeds the amount of any
damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission, nor shall the Independent Underwriter in its capacity as qualified independent
underwriter (within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121) be responsible for any amount in excess of the compensation received by the Independent Underwriter for acting in such capacity. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph (d), no
person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this
Section 8, each person who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and each director, officer, employee, affiliate and agent of an Underwriter shall have the same rights to contribution as
such Underwriter, and each person who controls the Company within the meaning of either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, each officer of the Company who shall have signed the Registration Statement and each director of the Company shall have
the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the applicable terms and conditions of this paragraph (d). 

(e) Without limitation of and in addition to its obligations under the paragraphs of this Section 8, the Company agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Independent Underwriter, its partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls the Independent Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, a QIU 

25 

Indemnified Party), against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, other Federal or state statutory law or regulation or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon the Independent Underwriters acting as a
qualified independent underwriter (within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121) in connection with the offering contemplated by this Agreement, and will reimburse each QIU Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by such QIU Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending against any loss, claim, damage, liability, action, litigation, investigation or proceeding whatsoever (whether or not such QIU Indemnified Party is a party thereto),
whether threatened or commenced, and in connection with the enforcement of this provision with respect to any of the above as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any
such loss, claim, damage or liability is finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Independent Underwriter. 

9. Default by an Underwriter. If any one or more Underwriters shall fail to purchase and pay for any of the Securities agreed to be
purchased by such Underwriter or Underwriters hereunder and such failure to purchase shall constitute a default in the performance of its or their obligations under this Agreement, the remaining Underwriters shall be obligated severally to take up
and pay for (in the respective proportions which the amount of Securities set forth opposite their names in Schedule I hereto bears to the aggregate amount of Securities set forth opposite the names of all the remaining Underwriters) the
Securities which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase; provided, however, that in the event that the aggregate amount of Securities which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed
to purchase shall exceed 10% of the aggregate amount of Securities set forth in Schedule I hereto, the remaining Underwriters shall have the right to purchase all, but shall not be under any obligation to purchase any, of the Securities, and if
such non-defaulting Underwriters do not purchase all the Securities, this Agreement will terminate without liability to any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company. In
the event of a default by any Underwriter as set forth in this Section 9, the Closing Date or any settlement date shall be postponed for such period, not exceeding five Business Days, as the Representatives shall determine in order that the
required changes in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the Company and
any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages occasioned by its default hereunder. 

10.
Termination. This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by notice given to the Company prior to delivery of and payment for the Securities, if at any time prior to such delivery and
payment (i) trading in the Class A Common Stock shall have been suspended by the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange or trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange shall have been suspended or limited or minimum prices
shall have been established on such exchange, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been declared either by Federal or New York State authorities, (iii) there shall have occurred a material disruption in commercial banking or securities
settlement or clearance services or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of 

26 

hostilities, declaration by the United States of a national emergency or war, or other calamity or crisis the effect of which on financial markets is such as to make it, in the sole judgment of
the Representatives, impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the offering or delivery of the Securities as contemplated by the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (exclusive of any amendment or supplement thereto). 

11. Representations and Indemnities to Survive. The respective agreements, representations, warranties, indemnities and other
statements of the Company or its officers and of the Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of
the officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates or controlling persons referred to in Section 8 hereof, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities. The provisions of Sections 7 and 8 hereof shall survive the
termination or cancellation of this Agreement. 

12. Notices. All communications hereunder will be in writing and effective only on
receipt, and, if sent to the Representatives, will be mailed, delivered or telefaxed to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, Attention: General Counsel, facsimile number: +1 (646) 291-1469; Raymond James & Associates, Inc. at 880 Carillon Parkway, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, Attention: General Counsel, GEIB, email: GEIBLegal@raymondjames.com; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, at Three
World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, New York, New York 10281 or, if sent to Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., will be mailed or delivered to 2605 Cranberry Square, Morgantown, West Virginia 26508, Attention: Zack Arnold, President and Chief
Executive Officer. 

13. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective successors and the officers, directors, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in Section 8 hereof, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. 

14. Jurisdiction. The Company agrees that any suit, action or proceeding against the Company brought by any Underwriter, the directors,
officers, employees, affiliates and agents of any Underwriter, or by any person who controls any Underwriter, arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in any State or U.S. federal court in
The City of New York and County of New York, and waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding, and irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding. 

15. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this
Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

27 

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act
Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

As used in this Section 15, BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall
be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b), (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and U.S. Special
Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

16. Regulation BI and Form CRS Provision. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters have not
provided any recommendation or investment advice nor have the Underwriters solicited any action from the undersigned with respect to the public offering of the Shares, and the undersigned has consulted their own legal, accounting, financial,
regulatory and tax advisors to the extent deemed appropriate. The undersigned further acknowledges and agrees that, although the Representatives may be required or choose to provide certain Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS disclosures to you in
connection with the Offering, the Representatives and the other Underwriters are not making a recommendation to you to enter into this letter agreement, and nothing set forth in such disclosures is intended to suggest that the Representatives or any
Underwriter is making such a recommendation. 

17. No Fiduciary Duty. The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the purchase and
sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters and any affiliate through which it may be acting, on
the other, (b) the Underwriters are acting as principal and not as an agent or fiduciary of the Company and (c) the Companys engagement of the Underwriters in connection with the Offering and the process leading up to the Offering is
as independent contractors and not in any other capacity. Furthermore, the Company agrees that it is solely responsible for making its own judgments in connection with the Offering (irrespective of whether any of the Underwriters has advised or is
currently advising the Company on related or other matters). Additionally, no Underwriter is advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company agrees that it
will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe an agency, fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 

28 

18. Integration. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings
(whether written or oral) between the Company and the Underwriters, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

19.
APPLICABLE LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

20. Waiver of Jury Trial. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right
to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

21.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of
records in electronic form in compliance with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or any comparable state statutes, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery
thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

22. Headings. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

29 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and
return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters. 

Very truly yours,

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc.

By: /s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby

confirmed and accepted as of the date

first above written.

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

For themselves and the other several

Underwriters named in Schedule I to

the foregoing Agreement.

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

By: /s/ James Jackson

Name: James Jackson

Title: Managing Director

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

By: /s/ Andrea J. Lanham

Name: Andrea J. Lanham

Title: VP, GEIB Syndicate

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

By: /s/ Young Kim

Name: Young Kim

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Underwriting Agreement] 

SCHEDULE I 

Underwriters Number of Underwritten

Securities to be Purchased 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 4,637,500 

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 2,650,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 2,650,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 596,250 

Capital One Securities, Inc. 596,250 

Truist Securities, Inc. 596,250 

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. 430,625 

Stephens Inc. 430,625 

Comerica Securities, Inc. 132,500 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. 132,500 

First Citizens Capital Securities, LLC 132,500 

BTIG, LLC 132,500 

BOK Financial Securities, Inc. 66,250 

Zions Direct, Inc. 66,250 

Total 13,250,000 

I-1 

SCHEDULE II 

Schedule of Free Writing Prospectuses and Other Information included in the Disclosure Package 

Other information included in the Disclosure Package: Price per share to the public: $20.00. 

II-1 

SCHEDULE III 

Schedule of Written Testing-the-Waters Communication 

Testing-the-Waters Presentation, dated August 4, 2024 

Testing-the-Waters Presentation, dated September 17, 2024 

Testing-the-Waters Presentation, dated December 2, 2024 

III-1 

SCHEDULE IV 

Lock-Up Parties 

Directors

Zack Arnold 

David Sproule 

Steven D. Gray 

William J. Quinn 

Steven Cobb 

Katherine Gallagher 

Sarah P. James 

Scott A. Gieselman 

David P. Poole 

Brian Seline 

Officers

Zack Arnold 

David Sproule 

Raleigh Wolfe 

Gregory P. Pipkin 

Ryan Warner 

Ian Costello 

Britney Crookshanks 

Significant Stockholders

Pearl Energy Investments, L.P. 

PEI INR Holdings, L.P. 

Pearl Energy Investments III, L.P. 

PEI INR Co-Invest-B, Corp 

PEI Infinity-S, LP

NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. 

IV-1 

ANNEX A 

Subsidiaries of Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC 

Wolf Run Operating LLC 

Block Island Minerals LLC 

INR Ohio, LLC 

INR Operating, LLC 

INR Midstream, LLC 

Cheat Mountain Resources, LLC 

A-1 

Form of Lock-Up Agreement EXHIBIT A

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

Public Offering of Class A Common Stock 

January 30, 2025 

Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. 

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 

RBC Capital
Markets, LLC 

As Representatives of the several Underwriters, 

c/o Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New York 10013 

c/o Raymond James &
Associates, Inc. 

320 Park Avenue, 12th Floor 

New York, New
York 10022 

c/o RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

Brookfield Place

200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This letter is being
delivered to you in connection with the proposed underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), between Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and you as representatives of
a group of Underwriters named therein, relating to an underwritten public offering of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value (the Class A Common Stock), of the Company (the Offering). 

In order to induce you and the other Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement, the undersigned will not, without the prior
written consent of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC (the Representatives), offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, (or enter into any
transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the undersigned or any affiliate of the
undersigned or any person in privity with the undersigned or any affiliate of the undersigned), directly or indirectly, including the filing (or participation in the filing) of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in
respect of, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange 

A-1 

Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for such capital stock, or publicly announce an intention to effect any such transaction, for a period from the date hereof until 180 days after the date of the Underwriting Agreement (the
Lock-Up Period), other than (a) shares of Class A Common Stock disposed of as bona fide gifts, (b) to any trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of the
undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned; (c) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity and (i) transfers to another corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, trust or other business entity that is a direct or indirect affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the undersigned or (ii) distributes shares of Common Stock or
Class B common stock of the Company, $0.01 par value (Class B Common Stock, and together with Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock) or any security convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for any shares of Common Stock to limited partners, limited liability company members or stockholders of the undersigned, or to any investment fund or other entity that controls or manages the undersigned; (d) via transfer by
testate succession or intestate succession; (e) if the undersigned is not an officer or director of the Company, in connection with the grant and maintenance of a bona fide lien, security interest, pledge, hypothecation or other similar
encumbrance of shares of Common Stock by the undersigned to a recognized financial institution in connection with a loan to the undersigned as collateral or security for any loan, advance, extension of credit or similar financing activity (provided
that any transferee that acquires Common Stock from such institution agrees to be bound in writing by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement prior to such transfer until after the
Lock-Up Period expires); (f) in connection with the exercise of options or warrants or the vesting, exercise or settlement of any other equity-based award, in each case, granted pursuant to the Companys
long-term incentive plans or otherwise outstanding on the date hereof and disclosed in the Prospectus, including any shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company or any of their subsidiaries to pay any applicable exercise price or tax withholding
associated with such awards; provided that, (i) the restrictions contained in this Lock-Up Agreement shall apply to the shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise, conversion, vesting or
settlement and (ii) for any options or other awards that expire, vest or become settled during the Lock-Up Period while the Company is unable to transfer shares of Common Stock for the purposes of
satisfying any tax or other governmental withholding obligation, the restrictions contained in this Lock-Up Agreement shall not apply to shares of Common Stock sold for that purpose; (g) if the
undersigned is an employee of the Company and transfers to the Company upon death, disability or termination of employment of such employee; (h) pursuant to an order of a court or regulatory agency; (i) issuances of shares of Common Stock
pursuant to the conversion, exchange or redemption of convertible, exchangeable or redeemable securities or the exercise of warrants or options; (j) the confidential submission of a registration statement on Form
S-1 with respect to shares of Common Stock owned by certain shareholders, officers or directors of the Company; and (k) establishment of trading plans pursuant to Rule
10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock; provided that such plans do not provide for the transfer of shares of Common Stock during the
Lock-Up Period; provided that, (A) in the case of any transfer, issuance or distribution pursuant to clauses (a) through (i) above, the donee, transferee, devisee, recipient or distributee agrees to
be bound in writing by the terms of this Lock-Up Agreement prior to such transfer or issuance, (B) in the case of any transfer or distribution 

A-2 

pursuant to clauses (a), (b) and (d), such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value and (C) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clauses (a) through (e)
above, that no filing by the undersigned or any other person under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be made voluntarily in connection with such transfer or distribution during the Lock-Up Period. To the extent any interest in the Companys securities is retained by the undersigned (or such spouse or family member), such securities shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in
this Lock-Up Agreement. For purposes of the foregoing, immediate family means such persons spouse, parents, children, brothers, sisters, grandparents, grandchildren and any such person who is
so related by marriage such that this includes step- and -in-law relations as well as such persons so related by adoption. If the undersigned is
an officer or director of the Company, the undersigned further agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed shares of Class A Common Stock the undersigned may purchase in the Offering. 

If the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the Representatives agree that, at least three business days before the
effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a transfer of shares of Class A Common Stock, the Representatives will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver, and (ii) the Company has
agreed in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at least two business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the
Representatives hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected
solely to permit a transfer not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this letter to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of the
transfer. 

If for any reason the Underwriting Agreement shall be terminated prior to the Closing Date (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement), the agreement set forth above shall likewise be terminated. 

Yours very truly,

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-3 

Form of Press Release EXHIBIT B

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

[insert date] 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. (the
Company) announced today that Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, the book-running managers in the Companys recent public sale of 13,250,000 shares of
Class A common stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to [ ] shares of the Companys Class A common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an
officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release] will take effect on [insert date], 20__, and the shares may be sold on or after such date. 

This press release is not an offer for sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer is prohibited, and such
securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

B-1 

Form of Waiver of Lock-up ADDENDUM

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 

388 Greenwich Street 

New York, New
York 10013 

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 

320 Park Avenue, 12th Floor 

New
York, New York 10022 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

Brookfield Place 

200 Vesey Street,
8th Floor 

New York, New York 10281 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

Public Offering of Common Stock 

[insert date], 20__ 

[name
and address of officer or director requesting waiver] 

Dear Mr./Ms. [insert name]: 

This letter is being delivered to you in connection with the offering by Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. (the Company) of
13,250,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value (the Class A Common Stock), of the Company and the lock-up letter dated January 30, 2025 (the
Lock-up Letter), executed by you in connection with such offering, and your request for a [waiver] [release] dated [insert date], 20__, with respect to [ ] shares of Class A
Common Stock (the Shares). 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and RBC Capital
Markets, LLC hereby agree to [waive] [release] the transfer restrictions set forth in the Lock-up Letter, but only with respect to the Shares, effective [insert date], 20__; provided,
however, that such [waiver] [release] is conditioned on the Company announcing the impending [waiver] [release] by press release through a major news service at least two business days before effectiveness of such [waiver] [release]. This
letter will serve as notice to the Company of the impending [waiver] [release]. 

Except as expressly [waived] [released] hereby, the Lock-up Letter shall remain in full force and effect. 

Yours very truly,

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

By: 

Name:

Title:

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d894988dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

INFINITY NATURAL
RESOURCES, INC. 

The name of the corporation is Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. (the Corporation). The Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation (the Original Certificate of Incorporation) was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 15, 2024. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation), which amends, restates and integrates the provisions of the Original Certificate of Incorporation, was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) and by the written consent of the stockholders in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. The Original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby
amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Section 1.1Name. The name of the Corporation is Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

ARTICLE II 

Section 2.1Address. The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in
the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19808. The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

ARTICLE III 

Section 3.1Purpose. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations
may now or hereafter be organized under the DGCL. 

ARTICLE IV 

Section 4.1Capitalization. The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to
issue is 600,000,000 shares, consisting of three classes of stock as follows: (A) 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Preferred Stock), (B) 400,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value
$0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), and (C) 150,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock and, together with the
Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock). The number of authorized shares of any of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares
thereof then outstanding) without a separate class vote of the holders of any of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL, unless a vote of any
such holder is required pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock). 

Section 4.2Preferred Stock. 

(A) The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board) is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions, at
any time and from time to time, to provide, out of the undesignated shares of Preferred Stock, for one or more series of Preferred Stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation
of such series, the voting powers (if any) of the shares of such series, and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of
such series and to cause to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of designation with respect thereto. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of
Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. 

(B) Except as otherwise required by law, holders of a series of Preferred Stock, as such,
shall be entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as shall expressly be granted thereto by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock). 

Section 4.3Common Stock. 

(A) Voting Rights. 

(1) 

Except as provided in Article VI, each holder of Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to one vote
for each share of Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. 

(2) 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall
have no voting power with respect to, and shall not be entitled to vote on, any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of
one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation
(including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation or required by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock shall vote
together as a single class (or, if the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Common Stock, as a single class with the holders of such other series of Preferred Stock) on all matters
submitted to a vote of the stockholders generally. 

(B) Dividends. 

(1) 

Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock
or any class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends in cash, property of the Corporation or shares of the Corporations capital stock,
such dividends may be declared and paid ratably on the Class A Common Stock out of the assets of the Corporation that are by law available therefor at such times and in such amounts as the Board in its discretion shall determine.

(2) 

Dividends shall not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock. 

(C) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of Preferred Stock or any class or series of stock having a preference
over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock as to distributions upon dissolution or liquidation or winding up, the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the remaining
assets of the Corporation available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares held by each such stockholder. The holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any assets of the
Corporation in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 

(D)
Retirement of Class B Common Stock. In the event that any outstanding share of Class B Common Stock is not held by the holder of the associated Common Unit (as defined in the Second Amended and
Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as amended from time to time (the LLC Agreement)), such share shall automatically and without further action on
the part of the Corporation or any holder of Class B Common Stock be transferred to the Corporation for no consideration, may not be reissued, and thereupon shall automatically be retired. 

(E) Split, Subdivision, Combination or Reclassification of Common Stock. In no event shall the shares of either Class A
Common Stock or Class B Common Stock be split, subdivided, combined or reclassified unless the outstanding shares of the other class shall be concurrently proportionately split, subdivided, combined or reclassified in a manner that maintains
the same proportionate equity ownership between the holders of the outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock on the record or effective date for such split, division or combination or reclassification. 

(F) Shares Reserved for Issuance. The Corporation shall at all times reserve
and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock that shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the exchange of all outstanding Common Units
(excluding those Common Units held by the Corporation) and the cancellation of the accompanying shares of Class B Common Stock for shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement; provided that nothing
contained herein shall be construed to preclude the Corporation from satisfying its obligations in respect of the exchange of Common Units by delivery of shares of Class A Common Stock that are held in the treasury of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE V 

Section 5.1Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Certificate of
Incorporation to the contrary, at any time when Pearl Energy Investments L.P. (Pearl) Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than thirty-five percent (35%) in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, in addition to any vote required by applicable law, the following provisions in this Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded, in whole or in part, or any provision
inconsistent therewith or herewith may be adopted, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) in voting power of
all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class: this Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article VIII, Article IX and Article X. For
the purposes of this Certificate of Incorporation, beneficial ownership of shares shall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act). 

Section 5.2Amendment of Bylaws. The Board is expressly authorized to make,
repeal, alter, amend and rescind, in whole or in part, the bylaws of the Corporation (as in effect from time to time, the Bylaws) without the assent or vote of the stockholders in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the
State of Delaware or this Certificate of Incorporation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote of the stockholders, at any time when
Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than thirty-five percent (35%) in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of
capital stock of the Corporation required herein (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock), the Bylaws or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a
single class, shall be required in order for the stockholders of the Corporation to alter, amend, repeal or rescind, in whole or in part, any provision of the Bylaws or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith. 

ARTICLE VI 

Section 6.1Board of Directors. 

(A) Except as provided in this Certificate of Incorporation and the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or
under the direction of the Board. Except as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the provisions of Article IV (including any certificate of designation with respect to any series of Preferred Stock) and this Article VI relating
to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors, the total number of directors shall be determined from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by the Board; provided that, at any time Pearl
Beneficially Owns (as defined below), in the aggregate, at least thirty-five percent (35%) in voting power of the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, the stockholders may also
fix the number of directors by resolution adopted by the stockholders by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and
qualified, or his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. 

(B) Without limiting Pearls rights under the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation
or otherwise, Pearl shall have the right (but not the obligation) to designate up to a number of individuals for election as directors consistent with clauses (1) through (5) of this Section 6.1(B), and
the Corporation shall include such individuals as nominees for election as directors at each meeting of stockholders of the Corporation at which directors are to be elected, that, if elected, will result in Pearl having a number of director
designees serving on the Board as follows: 

(1) 

any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of
the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors: a number of individuals representing a majority of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board; 

(2) 

any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than fifty percent (50%) but at least thirty
percent (30%) of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors: a number of individuals proportionate to Pearls beneficial ownership of the voting power of the common stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, rounded up to the nearest whole number, which shall not be less than three (3); 

(3) 

any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than thirty percent (30%) but at least twenty
percent (20%) of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors: a number of individuals proportionate to Pearls beneficial ownership of the voting power of the common stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, rounded up to the nearest whole number, which shall not be less than two (2); 

(4) 

any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than twenty percent (20%) but at least ten
percent (10%) of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors: one (1); and 

(5) 

any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than 10 percent (10%) of the voting power of
the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors: zero (0). 

(C) Without limiting
NGPs rights under the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise, NGP shall have the right (but not the obligation) to designate one (1) individual for election as a director any time when NGP Beneficially Owns, in the
aggregate, at least ten percent (10%) of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, and the Corporation shall include such individual as a nominee for election as a director at each
meeting of stockholders of the Corporation at which directors are to be elected, that, if elected, will result in NGP having one (1) director serving on the Board. 

(D) Subject to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly created directorship
on the Board that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board (whether by death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause) shall be filled by a majority of the directors then in
office, although less than a quorum, by a sole remaining director or by the stockholders; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or otherwise, for so long as Pearl has the right to designate for nomination any
individual under Section 6.1(B), Pearl shall have the exclusive right to fill any vacancy created by reason of death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal of any individual so designated for nomination or
appointed by Pearl (and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or otherwise, the shares of Common Stock held by Pearl shall be the only shares of Common Stock entitled to vote on such matter, and the shares of Common Stock owned
by any other holders shall have no voting rights with respect to such matter). Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall
be elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

(E) Any or all of the
directors (other than the directors elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or together with one or more other such series, as the case may be) may be removed at any time either with or without cause by
the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of all outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; providedthat notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein or otherwise, for so long as Pearl has the right to designate for nomination any individual under Section 6.1(B), the shares of Common Stock held by Pearl shall be the only shares of Common Stock entitled to vote on
the removal without cause of such individual, and the shares of Common Stock owned by any other holders as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote thereon shall have no voting rights with respect to such matter. 

(F) During any period when the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, voting separately
as a series or together with one or more series, have the right to elect additional directors, then upon commencement and for the duration of the period during which such right continues: (i) the then otherwise total authorized number of
directors of the Corporation shall automatically be increased by such specified number of directors, and the holders of such Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect the additional directors so provided for or fixed pursuant to said provisions;
and (ii) each such additional director shall serve until such directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such directors right to hold such office terminates pursuant to said provisions, whichever occurs
earlier, subject to his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, except as otherwise provided by the Board in the resolution or resolutions
establishing such series, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of such stock, such additional directors shall cease to be
qualified to serve as such additional directors and the terms of office of all such additional directors elected by the holders of such stock, or elected to fill any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of
such additional directors, shall forthwith terminate and the total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be automatically reduced accordingly. 

(G) Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 

(H) For purposes of this Article VI, Beneficially Own shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

ARTICLE VII 

Section 7.1Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers. 

(A) To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended, a director or officer of the Corporation shall
not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty owed to the Corporation or its stockholders. All references in this Article VII to a director shall also be deemed to refer to
such other person or persons, if any, who, pursuant to a provision of this Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation) in accordance with Section 141(a) of the DGCL, exercise or perform any of the powers or duties
otherwise conferred or imposed upon the Board by the DGCL (any such person, a 141(a) Person). 

(B) Neither the
amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any modification of law shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect
any right or protection of a current or former director or officer of the Corporation or 141(a) Person existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification. 

ARTICLE VIII 

Section 8.1Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. At any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, at
least thirty-five percent (35%) in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation
may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes
that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law. At any time when Pearl
Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, less than thirty-five percent (35%) in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the
Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such holders; provided, however, that any action required or permitted to be taken by the
holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more other such series, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, to the extent expressly so provided by the applicable
certificate of designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock. 

Section 8.2Special Meetings of the Stockholders. Except as
otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time only by or at the direction of the
Board or the Chairman of the Board; provided, however, that at any time when Pearl Beneficially Owns, in the aggregate, at least thirty-five percent (35%) in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes shall also be called by or at the direction of the Board or the Chairman of the Board at the request of Pearl. 

Section 8.3Annual Meetings of the Stockholders. An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors to
succeed those whose terms expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place, if any, on such date, and at such time as shall be fixed exclusively by resolution of the Board or
a duly authorized committee thereof; provided that the Board may in its sole discretion determine that any such meeting shall, in addition to or instead of a physical location, be held by means of remote communication (including virtually).

ARTICLE IX 

Section 9.1Corporate Opportunities. 

(A) In recognition and anticipation that (1) certain directors, principals, officers, employees and/or other representatives of Pearl, NGP
XI US Holdings, L.P. (NGP) and their respective Affiliates (as defined below) may serve as directors, officers or agents of the Corporation, (2) Pearl, NGP and their respective Affiliates may now engage and may continue to
engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation, directly
or indirectly, may engage, and (3) members of the Board who are not employees of the Corporation (the Non-Employee Directors) and their respective Affiliates may now engage and may
continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the
Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions of this Article IX are set forth to address certain classes or categories of business opportunities as they may involve Pearl, the
Non-Employee Directors or their respective Affiliates (collectively, the Identified Persons and, individually, an Identified Person). 

(B) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy in, or right to be offered an
opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity that may be a corporate opportunity for an Identified Person and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 9.1(C) of this Article
IX. Subject to Section 9.1(C) of this Article IX, in the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity that may be a corporate opportunity for
itself, herself or himself and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, such Identified Person shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or other business opportunity to the Corporation or
any of its Affiliates and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty as a stockholder, director or officer of the
Corporation solely by reason of the fact that such Identified Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself, or offers or directs such corporate opportunity to another Person. 

(C) The Corporation does not renounce its interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
any Non-Employee Director (including any Non-Employee Director who serves as an officer of this Corporation) if such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation, and the provisions of Section 9.1(B) of this Article IX shall not apply to any such corporate opportunity.

(D) In addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IX, a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed to
be a potential corporate opportunity for the Corporation if it is a business opportunity that (1) the Corporation is neither financially or legally able, nor contractually permitted to undertake, (2) from its nature, is not in the line of
the Corporations business or is of no practical advantage to the Corporation or (3) is one in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy. 

(E) For purposes of this Article IX, (1) Affiliate shall mean
(i) in respect of Pearl, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by Pearl, controls Pearl or is under common control with Pearl and shall include any principal, member, director, partner, stockholder, officer, employee or other
representative of any of the foregoing (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation), (ii) in respect of NGP, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by NGP, controls NGP or is under common control
with NGP and shall include any principal, member, director, partner, stockholder, officer, employee or other representative of any of the foregoing (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation), (iii) in respect
of a Non-Employee Director, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by such Non-Employee Director (other than the Corporation and any entity that is
controlled by the Corporation) and (iv) in respect of the Corporation, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by the Corporation; and (2) Person shall mean any individual, corporation, general or limited
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, association or any other entity. 

(F) To the fullest extent permitted by
law, any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article IX. 

ARTICLE X 

Section 10.1DGCL Section 203. The Corporation hereby expressly elects not to be
governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 

Section 10.2 Business Combinations with Interested
Stockholders. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the Corporation shall not engage in any business combination (as defined below), at any point in time at which the Common Stock is
registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, with (or involving in any manner contemplated by the definition of business combination below) any interested stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three years
following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 

(A) prior to such time the Board approved either the
business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

(B) upon consummation of
the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the voting stock (as defined below) of the Corporation outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (1) persons (as defined below) who are directors and also
officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

(C) at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding
voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section 10.3 Exceptions to Prohibition on Interested
Stockholder Transactions. The restrictions contained in this Article X shall not apply if: 

(A) a stockholder
becomes an interested stockholder inadvertently and (1) as soon as practicable divests itself of ownership of sufficient shares so that the stockholder ceases to be an interested stockholder; and (2) would not, at any time within the
three-year period immediately prior to a business combination between the Corporation and such stockholder, have been an interested stockholder but for the inadvertent acquisition of ownership; or 

(B) the business combination is proposed prior to the consummation or abandonment of and
subsequent to the earlier of the public announcement or the notice required hereunder of a proposed transaction which (1) constitutes one of the transactions described in the second sentence of
this Section 10.3(B); (2) is with or by a person who either was not an interested stockholder during the previous three years or who became an interested stockholder with the approval of the Board; and (3) is
approved or not opposed by a majority of the directors then in office (but not less than one) who were directors prior to any person becoming an interested stockholder during the previous three years or were recommended for election or elected to
succeed such directors by a majority of such directors. The proposed transactions referred to in the preceding sentence are limited to (x) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation (except for a merger in respect of which, pursuant to
Section 251(f) of the DGCL, no vote of the stockholders of the Corporation is required); (y) a sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), whether as part of a
dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation (other than to any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or to the Corporation) having an aggregate market value
equal to fifty percent (50%) or more of either that aggregate market value of all of the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock (as defined below) of the Corporation;
or (z) a proposed tender or exchange offer for fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation. The Corporation shall give not less than 20 days notice to all interested stockholders prior to the
consummation of any of the transactions described in clause (x) or (y) of the second sentence of this Section 10.3(B). 

Section 10.4 For purposes of this Article X, references to: 

(A) affiliate shall mean a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, another person; 

(B) associate, when used to indicate a relationship
with any person, shall mean (1) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of any
class of voting stock; (2) any trust or other estate in which such person has at least a twenty percent (20%) beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (3) any relative or
spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such person; 

(C) business
combination shall mean: 

(1) 

any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the
Corporation with (i) the interested stockholder, or (ii) with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such
merger or consolidation Section 10.2 is not applicable to the surviving entity; 

(2) 

any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of
transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation, to or with the interested stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of
the Corporation which assets have an aggregate market value equal to ten percent (10%) or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the
outstanding stock of the Corporation; 

(3) 

any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or by any direct or indirect
majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation of any stock of the Corporation or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder, except (i) pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of the securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or
convertible into stock of the Corporation or any subsidiary which securities were outstanding prior to the time that the interested stockholder became such; (ii) pursuant to a merger under Section 251(g) of the DGCL; (iii) pursuant to
a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, 

exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which security is distributed, pro rata to all holders of a class or series of stock of the Corporation
subsequent to the time the interested stockholder became such; (iv) pursuant to an exchange offer by the Corporation to purchase stock made on the same terms to all holders of said stock; or (v) any issuance or transfer of stock by the
Corporation; provided, however, that in no case under items (iii)-(v) of this Section 10.4(C)(3) shall there be an increase in the interested stockholders proportionate share of the
stock of any class or series of the Corporation or the voting stock of the Corporation (except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments); 

(4) 

any transaction involving the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the
Corporation which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the Corporation or of any such subsidiary which
is owned by the interested stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the interested
stockholder; or 

(5) 

any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a
stockholder of the Corporation), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits (other than those expressly permitted in clauses (1) through (4) of this Section 10.4(C)) provided
by or through the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation; 

(D)
control, including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting stock, by contract or otherwise. A person who is the owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of any corporation, partnership,
unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have control of such entity, in the absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary; notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of control shall not apply where
such person holds voting stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this Article X, as an agent, bank, broker, nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group (as such term is
used in Rule 13d-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act as such rule is in effect as of the date of this Certificate) have control of such entity; 

(E) interested stockholder shall mean any person (other than the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned
subsidiary of the Corporation) that (1) is the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, or (2) is an affiliate or associate of the Corporation and was the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or
more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates
of such person. Notwithstanding anything in this Article X to the contrary, the term interested stockholder shall not include (x) Pearl, NGP or any of their current or future affiliates (so long as such
affiliate remains an affiliate and such affiliates shall not include the Corporation or any of the Corporations direct or indirect subsidiaries), any direct or indirect transferees of Pearl, NGP or any of their current or future affiliates, or
any other person with whom Pearl, NGP or any of their current or future affiliates is or are in the future acting as a group or with whom Pearl, NGP or any of their affiliates has or in the future will have an agreement, arrangement or understanding
for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of shares of stock of the Corporation or (y) any person whose ownership of share in excess of the fifteen percent (15%) limitation set forth herein is the result of any action taken
solely by the Corporation; provided that, for purposes of this clause (y) only, such person shall be an interested stockholder if thereafter such person acquires additional shares of voting stock of the Corporation,
except as a result of further corporate action not caused, directly or indirectly, by such person; provided that, for the purpose of determining whether a person is an interested stockholder, the voting stock of the Corporation deemed to
be outstanding shall include voting stock deemed to be owned by the person through application of the definition of owner below but shall not include any other unissued stock of the Corporation which may be issuable pursuant to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; 

(F) owner, including the terms own and
owned, when used with respect to any stock, shall mean a person that individually or with or through any of its affiliates or associates beneficially owns such stock, directly or indirectly; or has (1) the right to acquire
such stock (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or
otherwise; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such person or any of such persons affiliates or associates until such tendered
stock is accepted for purchase or exchange; or (2) the right to vote such stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of any stock because
of such persons right to vote such stock if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such stock arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to ten or more persons; or
(3) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in clause (2) of
this Section 10.4(F)) or disposing of such stock with any other person that beneficially owns, or whose affiliates or associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such stock; 

(G) person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity; 

(H) stock shall mean, with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other entity, any equity
interest; and 

(I) voting stock shall mean, with respect to any corporation, stock of any class or series entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors and, with respect to any entity that is not a corporation, any equity interest entitled to vote generally in the election of the governing body of such entity. Every reference to a percentage of voting
stock shall refer to such percentage of votes of such voting stock. 

Section 10.5Severability. If any provision
or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (1) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other
circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (2) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be
construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

Section 10.6Forum. 

(A) Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if
and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court
for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (2) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) by, or other wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders,
(3) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder of the Corporation arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation or
the Bylaws (as either may be amended and/or restated from time to time), (4) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, (5) any action asserting a claim against the
Corporation or any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine, (6) any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in
Section 115 of the DGCL or (7) any action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.6(A) shall not apply to any action
or proceeding asserting a claim under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act. 

(B) Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act. 

(C) To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of
capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 10.6. 

* * * * * 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Zack
Arnold, its President and Chief Executive Officer, this 30th day of January, 2025. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Infinity Natural Resources,
Inc.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d894988dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BYLAWS 

OF 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Section 1.01Registered Office. The registered office and registered agent of Infinity Natural
Resources, Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation (as defined below). The Corporation may also have offices in such other places in the United States or elsewhere
(and may change the Corporations registered agent in accordance with applicable law) as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board) may, from time to time, determine or as the business of the Corporation may
require as determined by any officer of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 2.01Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of stockholders may be held at such place, if any,
either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board shall determine and state in the notice of meeting. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that annual meetings of stockholders shall not be held at any
place, but may in addition to or instead be held solely by means of remote communication (including virtually) as described in Section 2.11 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws (these Bylaws) in
accordance with Section 211(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board. 

Section 2.02Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders may only be called in the manner
provided in the Corporations certificate of incorporation as then in effect (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation) and may be held at such place, if any, either
within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board or the Chairperson of the Board shall determine and state in the notice of such meeting. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that special meetings of the
stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may in addition to or instead be held solely by means of remote communication (including virtually) as described in Section 2.11 of these Bylaws in accordance with
Section 211(a)(2) of the DGCL. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board or the Chairperson of the Board; provided, however, that with respect to any special
meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board or the Chairperson of the Board at the request of Pearl (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation), the Board shall not postpone, reschedule or cancel such special meeting without the
prior written consent of Pearl. 

Section 2.03Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations. 

(A) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. 

(1) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business other than nominations to be considered by the stockholders
may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only: (a) as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation; (b) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto); (c) by or at the direction of the

Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board; or (d) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who complied with the notice procedures set forth in
paragraphs (A)(2) and (A)(3) of this Section 2.03 and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, at the time of the record date of the annual
meeting and at the time of the annual meeting. This Section 2.03(A)(1) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations (other than pursuant to clause (a) of this
Section 2.03(A)(1)) or submit other business before an annual meeting of stockholders (other than pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act)). 

(2) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a
stockholder of record pursuant to clause (d) of paragraph (A)(1) of this Section 2.03, the stockholder of record bringing the notice (the Noticing Stockholder) must have delivered
timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation and any such proposed business other than nominations of persons for election to the Board must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action or must be otherwise
appropriate for stockholder action under the provisions of the laws of the State of Delaware. To be timely, the Noticing Stockholders notice must be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th
day, nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting (which date shall, for purposes of the Corporations first annual meeting of stockholders after its
shares of Class A Common Stock (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) are first publicly traded, be deemed to have occurred on January 31, 2025); provided, however, that if the date of the meeting is advanced by
more than 30 days, or delayed by more than 70 days from such anniversary date, such notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to
such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which the public announcement (as defined below) of the date of such meeting is first made
by the Corporation. An adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement of an annual meeting (or the public announcement of an adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof) shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time
period) for the giving of a Noticing Stockholders notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Noticing Stockholder shall not be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in these
Bylaws. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph (A)(2) of this Section 2.03 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no public announcement by
the Corporation naming all of the nominees for director proposed by the Board or specifying the size of the increased Board at least ten days prior to the last day a Noticing Stockholder may deliver a notice of nominations in accordance with the
second sentence of this paragraph (A)(2) of this Section 2.03, a Noticing Stockholders notice required by this Section 2.03(A) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to
proposed nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which a public announcement of such increase in the number of
directors to be elected is first made by the Corporation. 

(3) To be in proper written form, such Noticing Stockholders notice
delivered to the Secretary pursuant to this Section 2.03(A) shall set forth: 

2 

(a) as to each person whom the Noticing Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: 

(i) 

the name, age, citizenship and address (business and residential) of such person; 

(ii) 

a complete biography and statement of such persons qualifications, including the principal occupation or
employment of such person (at present and for the past five years); 

(iii) 

the Specified Information (as defined below) for such person as if such person were a Holder (as defined below)
(except that no disclosure will be required hereunder with respect to any Related Person of any proposed nominee unless such Related Person is also a Related Person of any Holder); 

(iv) 

a complete and accurate description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between each Holder and
any Related Person of such Holder, on the one hand, and such person, on the other hand, (at present and for the past three years) including, without limitation, a complete and accurate description of all direct and indirect compensation and other
monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings at present and for the past three years between the person and such parties (including all biographical, related party transaction and other information that would be required to be disclosed
pursuant to the federal and state securities laws, including Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K (Regulation S-K) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act) (or any successor provision), if any Holder or such Related Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and such person were a director or executive officer of such
registrant); 

(v) 

any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or
any other filings required to be made in connection with solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in a contested election or that is otherwise required pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in proxy statements as a proposed nominee of the Noticing Stockholder and to serving as a director if elected); and 

3 

(vi) 

a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement and any and all other information required
by paragraph (A)(3)(e) of this Section 2.03; 

(b) as to any other business that the
Noticing Stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting: 

(i) 

a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting; 

(ii) 

the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting; 

(iii) 

any material interest of each Holder and each Related Person of such Holder, if any, in such business;

(iv) 

the text of the proposal or business (including the specific text of any resolutions or actions proposed for
consideration and if such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the specific language of the proposed amendment); and 

(v) 

a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between each Holder and any Related Person of
such Holder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by the Noticing Stockholder; 

(c) as to the Noticing Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made or the other business is being
proposed (collectively with the Noticing Stockholder, the Holders and each, a Holder): 

(i) 

the name and address of the Noticing Stockholder, as the name and address appear on the Corporations
books; 

(ii) 

the name and address of each other Holder, if any, and of each Related Person of each such Holder, if any;

(iii) 

as of the date of the notice (which information, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be updated and supplemented
pursuant to paragraph (C)(3) of this Section 2.03): 

(A) 

the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are, directly or indirectly,
held of record or owned beneficially by each Holder and any Related Person of such 

4 

Holder (provided that, for the purposes of this Section 2.03(A), any such person shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of stock of the
Corporation as to which such person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or the fulfillment of a condition or both));

(B) 

any Derivative Instrument (as defined below) directly or indirectly owned or held, including beneficially, by
such Holder and any Related Person of such Holder and any Short Interest held by each Holder or any Related Person of such Holder within the last twelve months in any class or series of the shares or other securities of the Corporation;

(C) 

a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which each Holder
and any Related Person of such Holder has any right to vote or has granted a right to vote any shares of stock or any other security of the Corporation; 

(D) 

a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any rights to dividends or
payments in lieu of dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by each Holder or any Related Person of such Holder that are separated or separable pursuant to such agreement, arraignment or understanding from the underlying shares
of stock or other security of the Corporation; 

(E) 

any direct or indirect legal, economic or financial interest (including Short Interest) of each Holder and each
Related Person, if any, of such Holder in the outcome of any (x) vote to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation or (y) any meeting of stockholders of any other entity with respect to any matter that is
related, directly or indirectly, to any nomination or business proposed by any Holder under these Bylaws; and 

5 

(F) 

any material pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, investigative,
administrative or otherwise) in which any Holder or any Related Person of such Holder is, or is reasonably expected to be made, a party or material participant involving the Corporation or any of its officers, directors or employees, or any
Affiliate of the Corporation, or any officer, director or employee of such Affiliate (the information required by this subclause (iii) shall be referred to as the Specified Information); 

(iv) 

a representation by the Noticing Stockholder that such stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting on the matter proposed, that the Noticing Stockholder will continue to be a stockholder of record of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting on the matter proposed through the date of such
meeting and that such Noticing Stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at such meeting to propose such nomination or other business; 

(v) 

all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by
each Holder and each Related Person, if any, of such Holder; 

(vi) 

any other information relating to each Holder and each Related Person, if any, of such Holder that would be
required to be disclosed in a proxy statement and form of proxy or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant
to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 

(vii) 

a representation by the Noticing Stockholder as to whether any Holder and/or any Related Person of such Holder
intends or is part of a group which intends (A) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to elect the proposed

6 

nominee or approve or adopt the other business being proposed and/or (B) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such nomination or other business;

(viii) 

a certification by the Noticing Stockholder that each Holder and any Related Person of such Holder has complied
with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with its acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of the Corporation and/or such persons acts or omissions as a stockholder of the Corporation;

(ix) 

the information and statement required by Rule 14a-19(b) of the
Exchange Act (or any successor provision); 

(x) 

the names and addresses of other stockholders (including beneficial owners) known by any Holder or Related
Person of such Holder to provide financial or otherwise material support with respect to such proposal(s) or nomination(s) (it being understood that delivery of a revocable proxy with respect to such proposal or nomination shall not in itself
require disclosure under this subclause (x)) and, to the extent known, the class and number of all shares of the Corporations capital stock owned beneficially or of record by such other stockholder(s) or other beneficial owner(s); and

(xi) 

a representation by the Noticing Stockholder as to the accuracy of the information set forth in the notice.

In addition, any Noticing Stockholder who submits a notice pursuant to this paragraph (A)(3) of this
Section 2.03 is required to update and supplement the information disclosed in such notice in accordance with paragraph (C)(3) of this Section 2.03. 

(d) The Corporation may also, as a condition to any such nomination or business being deemed properly brought before an annual meeting of
stockholders, require any Holder or any proposed nominee to deliver to the Secretary, within five Business Days of any such request, such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Corporation, including: (i) such other information
as may be reasonably required by the Board, in its sole discretion, to determine whether such proposed nominee is eligible under the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the
Corporation, or any law or regulation applicable to the Corporation to serve as a director of the Corporation; and (ii) such other information that the Board determines, in its sole discretion, could be material to a reasonable
stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee. 

7 

(e) In addition to the other requirements of this
Section 2.03(A), each person who a Noticing Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation must deliver in writing (in accordance with
the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under this Section 2.03(A)) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation: (i) a written questionnaire with respect to the background and
qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request of any stockholder of record identified by name
within five Business Days of such written request); and (ii) a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request of any stockholder of record identified by name within five Business Days of such
written request) that such person (A) is not and will not become a party to (x) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how
such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (y) any Voting Commitment that could limit or
interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the
Corporation, (C) would be in compliance if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable rules of the exchanges upon which the securities of the Corporation are listed and all applicable publicly disclosed
corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation and (D) intends to serve a full term if elected as a director of the Corporation. 

(B) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business (including the election of specific individuals to fill vacancies or
newly created directorships on the Board of Directors) shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting. At any time that stockholders are not
prohibited from filling vacancies or newly created directorships on the Board of Directors, nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the
Corporations notice of meeting only: 

(1) as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation; 

(2) by or at the direction of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board; or 

(3) provided that the Board (or Pearl or NGP (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) pursuant to Section 6.1 of Article VI of
the Certificate of Incorporation) has determined that directors shall be elected at such special meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (a) is entitled to vote at the meeting, (b) complies with the notice procedures set forth
in this Section 2.03 and (c) is a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, at the time of the record date of the special meeting of stockholders and at the time of
the special meeting of stockholders. 

8 

In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more
directors to the Board, any Noticing Stockholder entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if the
Noticing Stockholders notice in proper written form as required by paragraphs (A)(2) and (A)(3) of this Section 2.03 shall be timely delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation in proper written form
not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public
announcement is first made by the Corporation of the date of the special meeting at which directors are to be elected. In no event shall the adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement of a special meeting (or the public announcement of an
adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Noticing Stockholders notice as described above. 

(C) General. 

(1) Except for directors who are appointed by the Board pursuant to these Bylaws, only such persons who are nominated in accordance and
compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.03 or the Certificate of Incorporation shall be eligible for election to serve as directors at a meeting of stockholders and only such other business shall be
conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.03. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or
these Bylaws, the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof (in advance of the meeting) or Chairperson of the meeting (during the meeting) shall, in addition to making any other determination that may be appropriate for the conduct of the meeting
of the Board shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws
(including whether the Noticing Stockholder or other Holder, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made or other business is being proposed solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies in
support of such Noticing Stockholders nominee or other business in compliance with such stockholders representation as required by clause (c)(vi) of paragraph (A)(3) of this Section 2.03). If any
proposed nomination or other business was not made or proposed in compliance with these Bylaws, the Chairperson of the meeting of stockholders shall have the power and duty to declare to the meeting that any such nomination or other business was not
properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws, and that such nomination or other business not properly brought before the meeting shall be disregarded and/or shall not be transacted. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in these Bylaws, if the Noticing Stockholder (or a qualified representative of the Noticing Stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting, as applicable, to present a nomination or other business, such
nomination shall be disregarded and such other business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.03, to be
considered a qualified representative of the Noticing Stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a document authorizing another person or persons to act
for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce the document or a reliable reproduction of such document at the meeting of stockholders. 

9 

(2) Exchange Act Compliance. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section 2.03, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this
Section 2.03; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable
to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this Section 2.03. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights (a) of the holders of any class or series of stock
having a preference over the Common Stock (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) of the Corporation as to dividends or upon liquidation to elect directors under specified circumstances or (b) of stockholders to request inclusion of
proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or any other applicable federal or state securities law with respect to that stockholders request to
include proposals in the Corporations proxy statement. 

(3) Updates and Supplements. In addition, to be considered timely, a
Noticing Stockholders notice shall further be updated and supplemented, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting of stockholders
and as of the date that is ten Business Days prior to the meeting of stockholders or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of the Corporation not later than five Business Days after the record date for the meeting of stockholders in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date, and not later than eight Business Days prior to the date
for the meeting of stockholders or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten Business Days prior to the meeting of stockholders or any adjournment, recess,
rescheduling or postponement thereof. In addition, if the Noticing Stockholder has delivered to the Corporation a notice relating to the nomination of directors, the Noticing Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation not later than eight Business
Days prior to the date of the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof (or, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the annual meeting has been adjourned or postponed) reasonable
evidence that it has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act (or any successor provision). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement set forth in this
paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a
stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and/or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the
stockholders. 

(D) Certain Definitions; Interpretations. For purposes of these Bylaws, 

(1) Affiliate has the meaning attributed to such term in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act; 

(2) Associate has the meaning attributed to such term in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act; 

10 

(3) Business Day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday that is not a day on which banking institutions in New York, NY are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close; 

(4) close of business on a particular calendar day means 5:00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation, whether or not the day is a Business Day; 

(5) delivery of any notice or materials by a stockholder as
required to be delivered means, both (a) hand delivery, overnight courier service, or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, in each case to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation,
and (b) electronic mail to the Secretary; 

(6) Derivative Instrument means any short position, profits interest,
option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value
derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, or any derivative or synthetic arrangement having the characteristics of a long position in any class or series of shares of the Corporation, or any
contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond substantially to the ownership of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, including due to the fact
that the value of such contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions is determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument,
contract or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation, through the delivery of cash or other property, or otherwise, and without regard to whether the Holder and any Related Person of such
Holder may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such instrument, contract or right, or any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the
value of shares of the Corporation; 

(7) public announcement means disclosure: (a) in a press release released by
the Corporation, provided such press release is released by the Corporation following its customary procedures, as reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or a comparable news service, or is
generally available on internet news sites, or (b) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(8) Related Person means, as to any Holder, (a) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction
3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A, or any successor instructions) with any such Holder in a solicitation of proxies in respect of any business or director nomination proposed by such Holder, (b) any Affiliate or Associate of such Holder, and
(c) any person who is a member of a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision)) with such Holder; 

11 

(9) Short Interest means any agreement, arrangement, understanding
relationship or otherwise, including any repurchase or similar so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, involving any Holder or any Related Person, the purpose or effect of which is to
mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) or any class or series of the shares of the Corporation by, manage the risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Holder or any Related
Person with respect to any class or series of the shares or other securities of the Corporation, or which provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the price or value of any class
or series of the shares or other securities of the Corporation; 

(10) Specified Information is defined in paragraph
(A)(3)(c)(iii)(F) of Section 2.03; and 

(11) For purposes of these Bylaws, the words include,
includes or including is deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. Where a reference in these Bylaws is made to any statue or regulation, such reference shall be to (1) the statute or regulation
as amended from time to time (except as context may otherwise require) and (2) any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(E)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.03, for as long as Pearl has designation rights pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, Pearl shall not be subject to the notice procedures set
forth in paragraph (A)(2), paragraph (A)(3) or paragraph (B) of this Section 2.03 with respect to any annual or special meeting of stockholders. 

Section 2.04Notice of Meetings. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at
a meeting, a timely notice in writing or by electronic transmission, in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL, of the meeting, which shall state the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if
any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be mailed to or transmitted electronically by the Secretary of the Corporation to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote thereat as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the notice of any meeting shall be given
not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. 

Section 2.05Quorum. Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the rules
of any stock exchange upon which the Corporations securities are listed, the holders of record of a majority of the voting power of the then-issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereat, present in
person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required, a majority in
voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series or classes or series, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on that matter. Once a quorum is present to
organize a meeting, it shall not be broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any stockholders. 

12 

Section 2.06Voting. Except as otherwise provided by
or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder that has voting power upon the
matters in question. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy in any manner
provided under Section 212(c) of the DGCL or as otherwise provided under applicable law, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be irrevocable
if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in
person or by delivering to the Secretary of the Corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Unless required by the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, or determined by the Chairperson of the meeting to be
advisable, the vote on any question need not be by ballot. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by such stockholders proxy, if there be such proxy. When a quorum is present or represented at any
meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the matter
is one upon which, by express provision of applicable law, of the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, of any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, of the Certificate of Incorporation or of
these Bylaws, a different or minimum vote is required, in which case such different or minimum vote shall be the required vote for such matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence and subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, all elections of
directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of
Incorporation, cumulative voting for the election of directors shall be prohibited. 

Section 2.07Chairperson of Meetings. The Chairperson of the Board, if one is elected, or, in his or her absence or disability, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, or in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board and the
President and Chief Executive Officer, a director or officer designated by the Board shall be the Chairperson of the meeting and, as such, preside at all meetings of the stockholders. 

Section 2.08Secretary of Meetings. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at all
meetings of the stockholders. In the absence or disability of the Secretary, the Chairperson of the Board or the President and Chief Executive Officer shall appoint a person to act as Secretary at such meetings. 

Section 2.09Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote only to the extent permitted by and in the manner provided in the Certificate of Incorporation and in
accordance with applicable law. 

13 

Section 2.10Adjournment. At any meeting of
stockholders of the Corporation, if less than a quorum is present, the Chairperson of the meeting or stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the shares of stock of the Corporation, present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote
thereon, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in accordance with the following sentence. Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice
need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken or are provided in any other manner permitted by the DGCL. Any business may be transacted at the adjourned
meeting that might have been transacted at the meeting originally noticed. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the
adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an
earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date so
fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 

Section 2.11Remote Communication. If authorized by
the Board in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication: 

(A) participate in a meeting of stockholders; and 

(B) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by
means of remote communication; provided that: 

(1) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person
deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder; 

(2) the
Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the
proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings; and 

(3) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes
other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation. 

Section 2.12Inspectors of Election. The Corporation may, and shall if required by law, in advance of
any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and to make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more
persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. In the event that no inspector so appointed or designated is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the Chairperson of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to
act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or 

14 

her duties, shall take and sign an oath to execute faithfully the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspector or inspectors so
appointed or designated shall (A) ascertain the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and the voting power of each such share, (B) determine the shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the
meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (C) count all votes and ballots, (D) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and
(E) certify their determination of the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and such inspectors count of all votes and ballots. Such certification and report shall specify such other information
as may be required by law. In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, the inspectors may consider such information as is permitted by applicable law. No person who is a
candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. 

Section 2.13Conduct
of Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the Chairperson of the meeting. The Board may adopt by
resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the Chairperson of any meeting of
stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such Chairperson, are
appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the Chairperson of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (A) the establishment of an
agenda or order of business for the meeting; (B) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (C) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote
at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the Chairperson of the meeting shall determine; (D) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof;
(E) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; and (F) restrictions on the use of cell phones, audio or video recording devices and other devices at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the
Board or the Chairperson of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

ARTICLE III 

BOARD OF
DIRECTORS 

Section 3.01Powers. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. The Board may exercise all such authority and powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not
by the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

15 

Section 3.02Number and Term; Chairperson. The
number of directors shall be determined as set forth in Article VI, Section 6.1(A) of the Certificate of Incorporation. Directors shall be elected by the stockholders at their annual meeting, and the term of each director shall be as set forth
in the Certificate of Incorporation. Directors need not be stockholders. The Board shall elect from its ranks a Chairperson of the Board, who shall have the powers and perform such duties as provided in these Bylaws and as the Board may from time to
time prescribe. The Chairperson of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board at which he or she is present. If the Chairperson of the Board is not present at a meeting of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer (if the
President and Chief Executive Officer is a director and is not also the Chairperson of the Board) shall preside at such meeting, and, if the President and Chief Executive Officer is not present at such meeting or is not a director, a majority of the
directors present at such meeting shall elect one of their members to preside over such meeting. 

Section 3.03Resignations. Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board, the Chairperson of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. The
resignation shall take effect at the time or upon the happening of any event specified therein, and if no specification is so made, at the time of its receipt. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless
otherwise expressly provided in the resignation. 

Section 3.04Removal. Directors of the
Corporation may be removed in the manner provided in the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. 

Section 3.05Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. Except as otherwise provided by law, vacancies
occurring in any directorship (whether by death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause) and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall be filled in accordance with the
Certificate of Incorporation. Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, or until his or her
earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

Section 3.06Meetings.
Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by the Board. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairperson of the Board, and shall be called by the President and Chief
Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation if directed by a majority of the members of the Board and shall be at such places and times as they or he or she shall fix. Notice need not be given of regular meetings of the Board. At least 24
hours before, or at such shorter notice as those persons calling the meeting may deem reasonably appropriate in light of the circumstances, each special meeting of the Board, either written notice, notice by electronic transmission or oral notice
(either in person or by telephone) notice of the time, date and place, if any, of the meeting shall be given to each director; provided, however, that if written notice is given only by United States mail, such notice be deposited in
the United States mail, postage prepaid at least five days before such special meeting of the Board. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting. 

Section 3.07Quorum, Voting and Adjournment. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the act of a majority of the directors
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the directors present thereat may adjourn such meeting to another time and place. Notice of such adjourned meeting need not be
given if the time and place of such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting so adjourned. 

16 

Section 3.08Committees; Committee Rules. The Board
may designate one or more committees, including but not limited to an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee, each such committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the
Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee to replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board
establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may
require it; provided that no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (A) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal
of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (B) adopting, amending or repealing these Bylaws. Each committee of the Board may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as
provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of the Board designating such committee. Unless otherwise provided in such a resolution, the presence of at least a majority of the members then serving on the committee
shall be necessary to constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist of one or two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum; and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present at a meeting of
the committee at which a quorum is present. Unless otherwise provided in such a resolution, in the event that a member and that members alternate, if alternates are designated by the Board, of such committee is or are absent or disqualified,
the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent
or disqualified member. 

Section 3.09Action Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the
Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or any committee thereof, as the case may be, consent
thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed in the minutes of proceedings of the Board. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper
form or shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

Section 3.10Remote
Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, members of the Board, or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment in
which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

17 

Section 3.11Compensation. The Board shall have the
authority to fix the compensation, including fees and reimbursement of expenses, of directors for services to the Corporation in any capacity. 

Section 3.12Reliance on Books and Records. A member of the Board, or a member of any committee
designated by the Board shall, in the performance of such persons duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by
any of the Corporations officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the member reasonably believes are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with
reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 4.01Number. The officers of the Corporation shall include a President and Chief Executive
Officer and a Secretary, each of whom shall be elected by the Board and who shall hold office for such terms as shall be determined by the Board and until their successors are elected and qualify or until their earlier resignation or removal. In
addition, the Board may elect one or more Vice Presidents, including one or more Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and one or more Assistant Treasurers and one or more Assistant Secretaries, who shall hold their office
for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 

Section 4.02Other Officers and Agents. The Board and President and Chief Executive Officer may
appoint such other officers and agents as it deems advisable, who shall hold their office for such terms and shall exercise and perform such powers and duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board or the President and Chief Executive
Officer. 

Section 4.03President and Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, who
shall also be the President, subject to the determination of the Board, shall have general executive charge, management, and control of the properties and operations of the Corporation in the ordinary course of its business, with all such powers
with respect to such properties and operations as may be reasonably incident to such responsibilities. If the Board has not elected a Chairperson of the Board or in the absence or inability to act as the Chairperson of the Board, the President and
Chief Executive Officer shall exercise all of the powers and discharge all of the duties of the Chairperson of the Board, but only if the President and Chief Executive Officer is a director of the Corporation. 

Section 4.04Vice Presidents. Each Vice President, if any are elected, of whom one or more may be
designated an Executive Vice President or Senior Vice President, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him or her by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board. 

18 

Section 4.05Treasurer. 

(A) The Treasurer shall have custody of the corporate funds, securities, evidences of indebtedness and other valuables of the Corporation and
shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be
designated by the Board or its designees selected for such purposes. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation, taking proper vouchers therefor. The Treasurer shall render to the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Board,
upon their request, a report of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board, the Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such amount and with such surety as the Board
shall prescribe. 

(B) In addition, the Treasurer shall have such further powers and perform such other duties incident to the office of
Treasurer as from time to time are assigned to him or her by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board. 

Section 4.06Secretary. The Secretary shall: (A) cause minutes of all meetings of the
stockholders and directors to be recorded and kept properly; (B) cause all notices required by these Bylaws or otherwise to be given properly; (C) see that the minute books, stock books, and other nonfinancial books, records and papers of
the Corporation are kept properly; and (D) cause all reports, statements, returns, certificates and other documents to be prepared and filed when and as required. The Secretary shall have such further powers and perform such other duties as
prescribed from time to time by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board. 

Section 4.07Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. Each Assistant Treasurer and each Assistant Secretary, if any are elected, shall be vested with all the powers and shall perform all the duties of the Treasurer and Secretary,
respectively, in the absence or disability of such officer, unless or until the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board shall otherwise determine. In addition, Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries shall have such powers and
shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Board. 

Section 4.08Corporate Funds and Checks. The funds of the Corporation shall be kept in such
depositories as shall from time to time be prescribed by the Board or its designees selected for such purposes. All checks or other orders for the payment of money shall be signed by the President and Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President, the
Treasurer or the Secretary or such other person or agent as may from time to time be authorized and with such countersignature, if any, as may be required by the Board. 

Section 4.09Contracts and Other Documents. The President and Chief Executive Officer and the
Secretary, or such other officer or officers as may from time to time be authorized by the Board or any other committee given specific authority in the premises by the Board during the intervals between the meetings of the Board, shall have power to
sign and execute on behalf of the Corporation deeds, conveyances and contracts, and any and all other documents requiring execution by the Corporation. 

19 

Section 4.10Ownership of Equity
Interests or other Securities of Another Entity. Unless otherwise directed by the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary, or such other officer or agent
as shall be authorized by the Board, shall have the power and authority, on behalf of the Corporation, to attend and to vote at any meeting of securityholders of any entity in which the Corporation holds securities or equity interests and may
exercise, on behalf of the Corporation, any and all of the rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities or equity interests at any such meeting, including the authority to execute and deliver proxies and consents on behalf of the
Corporation. 

Section 4.11Delegation of Duties. In the absence, disability or refusal of any
officer to exercise and perform his or her duties, the Board may delegate to another officer such powers or duties. 

Section 4.12Resignation and Removal. Any officer of the Corporation may be removed from office for or
without cause at any time by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time in the same manner prescribed under Section 3.03 of these Bylaws. 

Section 4.13Vacancies. The Board shall have the power to fill vacancies occurring in any office. 

ARTICLE V 

STOCK

Section 5.01Certificated Shares. The shares of stock of the Corporation may be represented
by certificates; provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporations stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares
represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock in the Corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by any
two authorized officers of the Corporation (it being understood that each of the Chairperson of the Board, the Vice Chairperson of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation shall be an authorized officer for such purpose), certifying the number and class of shares of stock of the Corporation owned by such holder. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may
be a facsimile. The Board shall have the power to appoint one or more transfer agents and/or registrars for the transfer or registration of certificates of stock of any class, and may require stock certificates to be countersigned or registered by
one or more of such transfer agents and/or registrars. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar
before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. 

Section 5.02Transfer of Shares. Shares of stock of the Corporation represented by certificates shall
be transferable upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, upon surrender to the Corporation by delivery thereof (to the extent evidenced by a physical stock certificate) to the
person in charge of the stock and transfer books and ledgers. Certificates representing such shares, if any, shall be cancelled and 

20 

new certificates, if the shares are to be certificated, shall thereupon be issued. Shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are not represented by a certificate shall be transferred in
accordance with any procedures adopted by the Corporation or its agents and applicable law. A record shall be made of each transfer. Whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed
in the entry of the transfer if, when the certificates are presented to the Corporation for transfer or uncertificated shares requested to be transferred, both the transferor and transferee request the Corporation do so. The Corporation shall,
subject to applicable law, have power and authority to make such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or proper concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates representing shares of stock of the Corporation and
uncertificated shares. 

Section 5.03Lost, Stolen, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates. A new
certificate of stock or uncertificated shares may be issued in the place of any certificate previously issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may, in its discretion, require the owner of such
lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his or her legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond, in such sum as the Corporation may direct, in order to indemnify the Corporation against any claims that may be made against it in connection
therewith. A new certificate or uncertificated shares of stock may be issued in the place of any certificate previously issued by the Corporation that has become mutilated upon the surrender by such owner of such mutilated certificate and, if
required by the Corporation, the posting of a bond by such owner in an amount sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it in connection therewith. 

Section 5.04List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the
tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten days before
the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address and the number of shares registered in the name of each
stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten days ending on the day before the meeting date in the manner provided by law. In the event that the Corporation
determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger
shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 5.04 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 

Section 5.05Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record. 

(A) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than 60 nor less than
ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date,
that a later date on or before the 

21 

date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination
of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote
in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 

(B) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date,
which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall not be more than 60 days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining
stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

(C) Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
express consent to corporate action without a meeting, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more
than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. If no record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action without a meeting is fixed by the Board,
(i) when no prior action of the Board is required by law, the record date for such purpose shall be the first date on which a signed consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance
with applicable law, and (ii) if prior action by the Board is required by law, the record date for such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 

Section 5.06Registered Stockholders. Prior to the surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or
certificates for a share or shares of stock or notification to the Corporation of the transfer of uncertificated shares with a request to record the transfer of such share or shares, the Corporation may treat the registered owner of such share or
shares as the person entitled to receive dividends, to vote, to receive notifications and otherwise to exercise all the rights and powers of an owner of such share or shares. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation shall not be bound
to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof. 

22 

ARTICLE VI 

NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE 

Section 6.01Notice. If mailed, notice to stockholders shall be deemed given when deposited in the
United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, and if given by any other form, including any form of electronic transmission permitted by the DGCL,
shall be deemed given as provided in the DGCL. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in
Section 232 of the DGCL. 

Section 6.02Waiver of Notice. A written waiver of any notice,
signed by a stockholder or director, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether given before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such
person. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such a waiver. Attendance at any meeting (in person or by remote communication) shall constitute waiver of notice except attendance for the express purpose of objecting
at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 7.01Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be
made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter, a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an
officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter, an indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, agent or
trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be
amended, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith;
provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 7.03 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses or with respect to any compulsory counterclaim brought by
such indemnitee, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

Section 7.02Right to Advancement of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred
in Section 7.01, an indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition or in
connection with a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VII (which shall be governed by Section 7.03 (hereinafter, an advancement
of expenses)); provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires or in the case of an advance made in a proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement, an advancement of expenses incurred by
an indemnitee pursuant to this Section 7.02 in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee,

23 

including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made solely upon the delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter, an undertaking),
which the delivery of an indemnification agreement shall satisfy, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal
(hereinafter, a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or entitled to advancement of expenses under Section 7.01 and Section 7.02 or
otherwise. 

Section 7.03Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim under
Section 7.01 or Section 7.02 is not paid in full by the Corporation within (i) 60 days after a written claim for indemnification has been received by the Corporation or (ii) 20 days after a claim
for an advancement of expenses has been received by the Corporation, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim or to obtain advancement of expenses, as applicable. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, if the indemnitee is successful in whole or in part in any such suit or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be
entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an
advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a
final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such
directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the
indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any
suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that
the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

Section 7.04Indemnification Not Exclusive. 

(A) The provision of indemnification to or the advancement of expenses to any indemnitee under this Article VII, or the entitlement of
any indemnitee to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VII, shall not limit or restrict in any way the power of the Corporation to indemnify or advance expenses to such indemnitee in any other way permitted by law or
be deemed exclusive of, or invalidate, any right to which any indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in
such indemnitees capacity as an officer, director, employee or agent of the Corporation and as to action in any other capacity. 

24 

(1) Given that certain jointly indemnifiable claims (as defined below) may arise due to the
service of the indemnitee as a director and/or officer of the Corporation at the request of the indemnitee-related entities (as defined below), the Corporation shall be fully and primarily responsible for the payment to the indemnitee in respect of
indemnification or advancement of expenses in connection with any such jointly indemnifiable claims, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Article VII, irrespective of any right of recovery the indemnitee may have from the
indemnitee-related entities. Under no circumstance shall the Corporation be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by the indemnitee-related entities and no right of advancement or recovery the indemnitee may have from the
indemnitee-related entities shall reduce or otherwise alter the rights of the indemnitee or the obligations of the Corporation hereunder. In the event that any of the indemnitee-related entities shall make any payment to the indemnitee in respect of
indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly indemnifiable claim, the indemnitee-related entity making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the indemnitee
against the Corporation. Each of the indemnitee-related entities shall be third-party beneficiaries with respect to this Section 7.04(A), entitled to enforce this Section 7.04(A). 

(2) For purposes of this Section 7.04(A), the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) The term indemnitee-related entities means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than the Corporation or any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for which the indemnitee has agreed, on
behalf of the Corporation or at the Corporations request, to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described herein) from whom an indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification or
advancement of expenses with respect to which, in whole or in part, the Corporation also has an indemnification or advancement obligation. 

(b) The term jointly indemnifiable claims shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, any action,
suit or proceeding for which the indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses from both the indemnitee-related entities and the Corporation pursuant to applicable law, any agreement, certificate of incorporation,
bylaws, partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or comparable organizational documents of the Corporation or the indemnitee-related entities, as applicable. 

Section 7.05Nature of Rights. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this
Article VII shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators.
Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article VII that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding
involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal. 

25 

Section 7.06Insurance. The Corporation may purchase
and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether
or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 

Section 7.07Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation. The Corporation may, to the
extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VII with respect to the
indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 8.01Electronic Transmission. For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic
transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, including the use of, or participation in, one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic
networks or databases), that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 

Section 8.02Corporate Seal. The Board may provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the
Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge of the Secretary. If and when so directed by the Board or a committee thereof, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer or by an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer. 

Section 8.03Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January
and end on the thirty-first day of December of each year or at such other time as determined by the Board. 

Section 8.04Section Headings. Section headings in these Bylaws are for convenience of reference only
and shall not be given any substantive effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein. 

Section 8.05Inconsistent Provisions. In the event that any provision of these Bylaws is or becomes
inconsistent with any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, the DGCL or any other applicable law, such provision of these Bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and
effect. 

ARTICLE IX 

AMENDMENTS 

Section 9.01Amendments. The Board is authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind, in whole
or in part, these Bylaws without the assent or vote of the stockholders in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or the Certificate of Incorporation. Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Bylaws or any provision
of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote of the stockholders, at any time when Pearl beneficially owns, in the aggregate, 

26 

less than 35% in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation required by the Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation)), these Bylaws or applicable law, the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required in order for the stockholders of
the Corporation to alter, amend, repeal or rescind, in whole or in part, any provision of these Bylaws (including, without limitation, this Section 9.01) or to adopt any provision inconsistent herewith. 

27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d894988dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This Registration Rights Agreement (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this
Agreement) is dated as of February 3, 2025, by and among Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the undersigned holders of Registrable Securities (as defined below), and
such other holders of Registrable Securities that join this Agreement pursuant to the provisions herein. Such holders of Registrable Securities party hereto are collectively referred to herein as the Securityholders. 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement: 

Affiliate has the meaning ascribed thereto in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the
Exchange Act, as in effect on the date hereof. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Board has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 hereof. 

Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized or required by
applicable law to be closed in New York, New York. 

Class A Common Stock means the shares of
Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company, and any other capital stock of the Company into which such common stock is reclassified or reconstituted. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Control (including its correlative meanings, Controlled by and under common Control
with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise) of a
Person. 

Demand Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) hereof. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
as the same may be amended from time to time. 

FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 

Initial Public Offering means a transaction or action pursuant to which the Shares of Class A Common Stock are first
listed on a national securities exchange in the United States. 

INR LLC means Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company. 

LLC Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability
Company Agreement of Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, dated as of the date hereof, as amended, restated, supplemented or modified, from time to time. 

LLC Units means the units representing membership interests in INR LLC and any other class of units or interests that is
established in INR LLC. 

Lock-Up Period has the meaning set forth in the
underwriting agreement entered into in connection with the Companys Initial Public Offering. 

NGP means NGP XI US
Holdings, L.P. and its Affiliates and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Pearl means Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P. and its Affiliates and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Person means an
individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, a cooperative, an unincorporated organization or other form of business organization, whether or not regarded as
a legal entity under applicable law, or any governmental authority or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Potential Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6. 

Recognized Exchange means The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market or any securities exchange on which similar
securities of the Company are then listed. 

Registrable Securities means shares of Class A Common Stock that may
be delivered in exchange for LLC Units and other shares of Class A Common Stock otherwise held by Securityholders from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when (a) a
registration statement covering the resale of such Registrable Securities has been declared effective under the Securities Act by the SEC and such Registrable Securities have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged pursuant to such
effective registration statement; (b) such Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 145 (or any successor rules or regulations then in force); (c) such Registrable Securities cease to be outstanding (or issuable upon
exchange); or (d) such Registrable Securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information
pursuant to Rule 144. 

Registration Expenses means any and all expenses incurred in connection with the performance of
or compliance with this Agreement, including: 

(a) all SEC, stock exchange or FINRA registration and filing fees (including, if applicable,
the fees and expenses of any qualified independent underwriter, as such term is defined in Rule 5121 of FINRA, and of its counsel); 

2 

(b) all fees and expenses of complying with securities or blue sky laws (including fees and
disbursements of counsel for the underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities); 

(c) all
printing, messenger and delivery expenses; 

(d) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable
Securities on any Recognized Exchange or FINRA and all rating agency fees; 

(e) the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the
Company and of its independent public accountants, including the expenses of any special audits and/or comfort letters required by or incident to such performance and compliance (including, without limitation, any such audits and comfort letters
relating to financial statements pursuant to Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X and Article 11 thereunder); 

(f) any fees and disbursements of underwriters customarily paid by the issuers or sellers of Securities, including liability or similar
insurance if the Company so desires or if the underwriters so require, and the reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts retained in connection with the requested registration, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding underwriting
discounts, selling commissions and transfer taxes, if any; 

(g) the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of not more than one law firm (as selected by Pearl, if it is participating in such registration and otherwise, by NGP if it is participating in such registration (which may be the same
counsel as selected for the Company)); 

(h) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to analyst and investor presentations or any
road show undertaken in connection with the registration and/or marketing of the Registrable Securities (including the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of
the Securityholders); and 

(i) any other fees and disbursements customarily paid by the issuers of Securities. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency. 

Securities means capital stock, limited partnership interests, limited liability company interests, beneficial interests,
warrants, options, notes, bonds, debentures and other securities, equity interests, ownership interests and similar obligations of every kind and nature of any Person. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as the
same may be amended from time to time. 

Securityholders has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Shares means shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company. Shares held by or on behalf of a Securityholder, the
certificate for which does not bear a Securities Act restrictive legend, which Shares may be resold freely without registration under the Securities Act, will not be considered Shares for purposes of the demand and piggyback provisions of this
Agreement. 

3 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other business entity of which: (a) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election
of directors, representatives or trustees thereof is at the time owned or Controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; or (b) if a limited liability
company, partnership, association or other business entity, a majority of the total voting power of stock (or equivalent ownership interest) of the limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity is at the time owned or
Controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a limited liability company,
partnership, association or other business entity if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity gains or losses or shall be or Control the managing director or
general partner of such limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity. 

Underwritten Block
Trade has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6. 

WKSI means a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

ARTICLE II 

DEMAND AND PIGGYBACK RIGHTS 

2.1 Right to Demand a Non-Shelf Registered Offering. 

(a) Upon the written demand of Pearl or NGP made at any time and from time to time, in each case, after the expiration of the Lock-Up Period (a Demand Notice), the Company will facilitate in the manner described in this Agreement a non-shelf registered offering of the Registrable
Securities requested by Pearl or NGP to be included in such offering provided that (i) the market value, based on the closing price of the Class A Common Stock of the Business Day immediately preceding the date of the Demand Notice,
of the aggregate amount of Registrable Securities requested to be included in such non-shelf registered offering is at least $40 million, and (ii) the Company shall not be obligated to effect more
than two such non-shelf registered offering demands in any twelve-month period. 

(b) Any demanded non-shelf registered offering pursuant to Section 2.1(a) may, at the Companys option, include Shares to be sold by the Company for its own account and will also include Registrable
Securities to be sold by Securityholders that exercise their related piggyback rights pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof and any other Registrable Securities to be sold by the holders of registration rights granted other than
pursuant to this Agreement exercising such rights, in each case, to the extent exercising such rights on a timely basis. In order to be valid, the Demand Notice must provide the information described in Section 3.1 hereof
(if applicable) and Section 4.5 hereof or be followed by such information, when requested as contemplated by Section 4.5 hereof. 

4 

(c) Without limiting any other obligations of the Company hereunder, as soon as reasonably
practicable, but in no event later than 60 days after receiving a valid Demand Notice satisfying the criteria set forth in this Section 2.1, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a
registration statement covering all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Demand Notice as well as any other Registrable Securities as to which registration is properly requested in accordance with Section 2.2
hereof (which other Registrable Securities may be included by means of a pre-effective amendment) and any other registrable securities properly requested in accordance with other registration rights agreements
with the Company, but subject in each case to any cutbacks imposed in accordance with Section 3.5 hereof and the limitations set forth in Section 2.5 hereof. 

2.2 Right to Piggyback on a Non-Shelf Registered Offering. In connection with any
registered offering of Shares covered by a non-shelf registration statement (whether pursuant to the exercise of demand rights or at the initiative of the Company), the Securityholders may exercise piggyback
rights to have included in such offering Registrable Securities held by them, subject in each case to any cutbacks imposed in accordance with Section 3.5 hereof and the limitations set forth in
Section 2.5 hereof. The Company will facilitate in the manner described in this Agreement any such non-shelf registered offering. 

2.3 Right to Demand and be Included in a Shelf Registration. Upon the receipt of a Demand Notice from Pearl or NGP made
at any time when the Company is eligible to utilize Form S-3 or a successor form to sell Shares in a secondary offering on a delayed or continuous basis in accordance with Rule 415 under the Securities Act,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate in the manner described in this Agreement a shelf registration of Registrable Securities held by the Securityholders. Any shelf registration filed pursuant to this
Section 2.3 by the Company covering Shares (whether pursuant to a demand by Pearl or NGP or at the initiative of the Company) will cover Registrable Securities held by each of the Securityholders (regardless of whether they
demanded the filing of such shelf or not) equal to the percentage of their original respective holdings as is requested by Pearl or NGP with respect to the Registrable Securities of Pearl or NGP, respectively, to be included in such shelf. Within
five Business Days after the receipt of the Demand Notice, the Company shall give written notice of such Demand Notice to all Securityholders. Each Securityholder agrees to deliver such information as the Company may reasonably request in writing,
if any, to the Company at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of the shelf registration statement as set forth in the Demand Notice. If a Securityholder does not timely provide the information, the Company may reasonably
request that such Securityholder will not be named as a selling securityholder in the shelf registration statement and will not be permitted to sell its securities under the shelf registration statement. A Securityholder may withdraw all or any
portion of its Registrable Securities included on a shelf registration statement from such shelf registration statement at any time prior to the filing of such registration statement. If at the time of such request the Company is eligible for WKSI
status, such shelf registration may, upon the approval of the board of directors of the Company (the Board), cover an unspecified number of Registrable Securities to be sold by the Company and its Securityholders. 

5 

2.4 Demand and Piggyback Rights for Shelf Takedowns. Upon the receipt
of a Demand Notice from Pearl or NGP made at any time after a shelf registration statement filed pursuant to Section 2.3 has become effective, the Company will facilitate in the manner described in this Agreement an
underwritten offering of Registrable Securities off of an effective shelf registration statement; provided that (a) the market value, based on the closing price of the Class A Common Stock of the Business Day immediately preceding
the date of the Demand Notice, of the aggregate amount of Registrable Securities requested to be included in such shelf registered offering is at least $40 million, and (b) the Company shall not be obligated to effect more than four such
registered offering demands in any twelve-month period (inclusive of any non-shelf registered offering demands). In connection with any underwritten shelf takedown (whether pursuant to the exercise of such
demand rights by any of Pearl or NGP or at the initiative of the Company), the Securityholders may exercise piggyback rights to have included in such takedown Registrable Securities held by them that are registered on such shelf. 

2.5 Limitations on Demand and Piggyback Rights. 

(a) Any demand for the filing of a registration statement or for a registered offering or takedown, and the exercise of any piggyback
registration rights, will be subject to the constraints of any applicable lockup arrangements, and any such demand must be deferred until such lockup arrangements no longer apply. If a demand has been made for a
non-shelf registered offering or for an underwritten takedown, no further demands may be made so long as the related offering is still being pursued. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
the Securityholders will not have piggyback or other registration rights with respect to the following registered primary offerings by the Company: (i) a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans; (ii) a registration on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (or other similar successor forms then in effect under the Securities Act); (iii) a registration pursuant to which the Company is offering to exchange its own
Securities for other Securities; (iv) a registration statement relating solely to dividend reinvestment or similar plans; (v) a shelf registration statement pursuant to which only the initial purchasers and subsequent transferees of debt
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary that are convertible for common equity and that are initially issued pursuant to Rule 144A and/or Regulation S of the Securities Act may resell such notes and sell the common equity into which such notes
may be converted; (vi) a registration where the Registrable Securities are not being sold for cash; (vii) an exchange registration; or (viii) a registration of Securities where the offering is a bona fide offering of debt
securities, even if such Securities are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Shares. 

(b) The Company may postpone the
filing of a demanded registration statement or suspend the effectiveness of any shelf registration statement for a reasonable blackout period not in excess of 90 days if the Board determines in good faith that such registration or
offering could (i) materially interfere with a bona fide business, reorganization, acquisition or divestiture or financing transaction of the Company or its Subsidiaries; (ii) require disclosure of material, non-public information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential; or (iii) or is reasonably likely to require premature disclosure of information, the premature
disclosure of which could materially and adversely affect the Company; provided that the Company shall not delay the filing of any demanded registration statement more than once in any 12-month period
(except that the Company shall be able to use this right more than once in any 12-month period if the Company is exercising such right during
the 15-day period prior to the Companys regularly scheduled quarterly earnings announcement and the total number of days of postponement in
such 12-month period does not exceed 90 days). The blackout period will end upon the earlier to occur of, (i) in the case of a bona fide business, acquisition or divestiture or

6 

financing transaction, a date not later than 90 days from the date such deferral commenced, and (ii) in the case of disclosure of non-public
information, the earlier to occur of (x) the filing by the Company of its next succeeding Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or
(y) the date upon which such information is otherwise disclosed or becomes public knowledge. 

2.6 Block Trades.
If Pearl or NGP desires to engage in an underwritten block trade or bought deal pursuant to a shelf registration statement (either through filing an automatic shelf registration statement or through a take-down from an already existing shelf
registration statement) (each, an Underwritten Block Trade), then, notwithstanding the time periods set forth in Section 2.1(c), Pearl or NGP, as applicable, shall notify the Company of the Underwritten
Block Trade not less than three Business Days prior to the day such offering is first anticipated to commence. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly notify the other Securityholders of such Underwritten Block Trade at
the address provided in writing to the Company prior to such trade and such notified Securityholders (each, a Potential Participant) may elect whether or not to participate no later than the next Business Day (i.e., two Business
Days prior to the day such offering is to commence) (unless a longer period is agreed to by Pearl or NGP, as applicable), and the Company will as expeditiously as possible use its commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate such Underwritten Block
Trade (which may close as early as one Business Day after the date it commences). The Securityholders wishing to engage in the Underwritten Block Trade shall, to the extent practicable, use commercially reasonable efforts to work with the Company
and any underwriters in order to facilitate preparation of any registration statement, prospectus and other offering documentation related to the Underwritten Block Trade. Any Potential Participants request to participate in an Underwritten
Block Trade shall be binding on the Potential Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Underwritten Block Trade requested hereunder must be for an aggregate expected proceeds of at least $20 million. 

ARTICLE III 

NOTICES,
CUTBACKS AND OTHER MATTERS 

3.1 Notifications Regarding Registration Statements. In order for Pearl or NGP to
exercise their right to demand pursuant to Article II that a registration statement be filed, they must include in their Demand Notice the number of Registrable Securities sought to be registered and the proposed plan of distribution. 

3.2 Notifications Regarding Registration Piggyback Rights. 

(a) In the event that the Company receives (i) any demand pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof; or (ii) if the
Company files a registration statement with respect to a non-shelf registered offering, the Company will promptly give to each of the Securityholders a written notice thereof no later than 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the fifth Business Day (1) following receipt by the Company of such demand, or (2) prior to the proposed filing of such registration statement, as applicable. Any Securityholder wishing to exercise its piggyback rights with
respect to any such non-shelf registration statement must notify the Company and the other Securityholders of the number of Registrable Securities it seeks to have included in such registration statement in a
written notice. Such notice must be given as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day prior to the date on which the preliminary prospectus intended to be used in connection with pre-effective marketing efforts for the relevant offering is expected to be finalized. 

7 

(b) Pending any required public disclosure and subject to applicable legal requirements, the
parties will maintain appropriate confidentiality of their discussions regarding a prospective non-shelf registration. 

3.3 Notifications Regarding Demanded Underwritten Takedowns. 

(a) The Company will keep the Securityholders reasonably apprised of all pertinent aspects of any underwritten shelf takedown demanded by
Pearl or NGP in order that Securityholders may have a reasonable opportunity to exercise their related piggyback rights. Without limiting the Companys obligation as described in the preceding sentence and except as otherwise required by
Section 2.6, having a reasonable opportunity requires that the Securityholders be notified by the Company of an anticipated underwritten takedown (whether pursuant to a demand made by Pearl or NGP or made at the
Companys own initiative) no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on (i) if applicable, the second Business Day prior to the date on which the preliminary prospectus or prospectus supplement intended to be used in connection with pre-pricing marketing efforts for such takedown is finalized, and (ii) in all other cases, the second Business Day prior to the date on which the pricing of the relevant takedown occurs. 

(b) Any Securityholder wishing to exercise its piggyback rights with respect to an underwritten shelf takedown must notify the Company and the
other Securityholders of the number of Registrable Securities it seeks to have included in such takedown. Except as otherwise required by Section 2.6, such notice must be given as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on (i) if applicable, the Business Day prior to the date on which the preliminary prospectus or prospectus supplement intended to be used in connection with marketing efforts for the relevant offering is
expected to be finalized, and (ii) in all cases, the Business Day prior to the date on which the pricing of the relevant takedown occurs. 

(c) Pending any required public disclosure and subject to applicable legal requirements, the parties will maintain appropriate confidentiality
of their discussions regarding a prospective underwritten takedown. 

3.4Plan of Distribution, Underwriters and
Advisors. If a majority of the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in an underwritten offering through a non-shelf registration statement or through a shelf takedown is being sold by the Company
for its own account, the Company will be entitled to determine the plan of distribution and select the managing underwriters and any provider of advisory services for such offering. Otherwise, Securityholders holding a majority of the Shares
requested to be included will be entitled to determine the plan of distribution and select the managing underwriters and any provider of advisory services; provided that such investment banker or bankers, managers and providers of advisory
services shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

8 

3.5 Cutbacks. If the managing underwriters advise the Company and the
selling Securityholders that, in their opinion, the number of Registrable Securities requested to be included in an underwritten offering exceeds the amount that can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the distribution of the
Registrable Securities being offered, the price that will be paid in such offering or the marketability thereof, such offering will include only the number of Registrable Securities that the underwriters advise can be sold in such offering in the
following order of priority: 

(a) If such underwritten offering is initiated by the Securityholders pursuant to Article II, then,
with respect to each class proposed to be registered: 

(i) first, the Registrable Securities beneficially owned by
Securityholders requested to be included in such demand registration, allocated pro rata among the respective Securityholders beneficially owning such Registrable Securities on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities beneficially
owned by each such Securityholder; 

(ii) second, any Securities to be sold by the Company for its own account; and

(iii) third, other Securities held by any other third parties requested to be included in such demand registration
pursuant to registration rights granted to such third-party holder. 

(b) If such underwritten offering is initiated by the Company, then,
with respect to each class proposed to be registered: 

(i) first, any Securities to be sold by the Company for its
own account; 

(ii) second, the Registrable Securities beneficially owned by Securityholders requested to be
included pursuant to this Agreement, allocated pro rata among the respective Securityholders beneficially owning such Registrable Securities on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities beneficially owned by each such Securityholder;
and 

(iii) third, other Securities held by any other third parties requested to be included pursuant to
registration rights granted to such third-party holder. 

(c) If such underwritten offering is initiated by any third-party holder, then,
with respect to each class proposed to be registered: 

(i) first, Securities held by demanding third parties
requested to be included pursuant to registration rights granted to such third-party holder and the Registrable Securities beneficially owned by Securityholders requested to be included, allocated pro rata among the respective third-party
Securityholders beneficially owning such Securities or Registrable Securities, respectively on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities or Securities beneficially owned by each such Securityholder or third party, respectively; 

9 

(ii) second, any Securities to be sold by the Company for its own
account; and 

(iii) third, other Securities held by any other third parties requested to be included pursuant to
registration rights granted to such third-party holder. 

3.6 Withdrawals. Even if Registrable Securities held by a
Securityholder have been part of a registered underwritten offering, such Securityholder may, no later than the time at which the public offering price and underwriters discount are determined with the managing underwriter, decline to sell all
or any portion of the Registrable Securities being offered for its account. 

3.7 Lockups. In connection with any
underwritten offering of Shares, the Company and each Securityholder that holds Registrable Securities or that participates in such offering will agree (in the case of Securityholders, with respect to Registrable Securities respectively beneficially
owned by them) to be bound by the underwriting agreements lockup restrictions (which must apply in like manner to all of them) that are agreed to by the Company for so long as such Securityholders hold Registrable Securities. In addition, the
Securityholders shall be bound by their obligations with respect to any lockup arrangements or other restrictions on transfer of Registrable Securities set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

ARTICLE IV 

FACILITATING
REGISTRATIONS AND OFFERINGS 

4.1 General. If the Company becomes obligated under this Agreement to facilitate a
registration and offering of Registrable Securities on behalf of Securityholders, the Company will do so with the same degree of care and dispatch as would reasonably be expected in the case of a registration and offering by the Company of
Registrable Securities for its own account. Without limiting this general obligation, the Company will fulfill its specific obligations as described in this Article IV. 

4.2 Registration Statements. In connection with each registration statement that is demanded by Securityholders in
accordance with this Agreement or as to which piggyback rights otherwise apply, the Company will: 

(a) (i) prepare and file with the
SEC a registration statement on the appropriate form covering the applicable Registrable Securities; (ii) file amendments thereto as warranted; (iii) seek the effectiveness thereof; and (iv) file with the SEC prospectuses and
prospectus supplements as may be required, all in consultation with Pearl and NGP, as applicable, and as reasonably necessary in order to permit the offer and sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the applicable plan of
distribution; 

(b) (i) within a reasonable time prior to the filing of any registration statement, any prospectus, any amendment to a
registration statement, amendment or supplement to a prospectus or any free writing prospectus (in each case including all exhibits filed therewith),provide copies of such documents to the selling Securityholders and to the underwriter or
underwriters of an underwritten offering, if applicable, and to their respective counsel; and fairly consider such reasonable changes in any such documents prior to or after the filing thereof as the

10 

counsel to the Securityholders or the underwriter or the underwriters may request; and make such of the representatives of the Company as shall be reasonably requested by the selling
Securityholders or any underwriter available for discussion of such documents; and (ii) within a reasonable time prior to the filing of any document which is to be incorporated by reference into a registration statement or a prospectus: provide
copies of such document to counsel for the Securityholders and underwriters; fairly consider such reasonable changes in such document prior to or after the filing thereof as counsel for such Securityholders or such underwriter shall request; and
make such of the representatives of the Company as shall be reasonably requested by such counsel available for discussion of such document; 

(c) use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each registration statement and the related prospectus and any amendment or supplement
thereto, as of the effective date of such registration statement, amendment or supplement and during the distribution of the registered Registrable Securities (i) to comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
(including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and (ii) not to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading; 

(d) notify each Securityholder promptly, and, if requested by such Securityholder, confirm such advice in writing,
(i) when a registration statement has become effective and when any post-effective amendments and supplements thereto become effective if such registration statement or post-effective amendment is not automatically effective upon filing
pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act; (ii) of the issuance by the SEC or any state securities authority of any stop order, injunction or other order or requirement suspending the effectiveness of a registration statement or the
initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) if, between the effective date of a registration statement and the closing of any sale of securities covered thereby pursuant to any agreement to which the Company is a party, the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in such agreement cease to be true and correct in all material respects or if the Company receives any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable
Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (iv) of the happening of any event during the period a registration statement is effective as a result of which such registration statement or the
related prospectus contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; 

(e) furnish counsel for each underwriter, if any, and for the Securityholders copies of any correspondence with the SEC or any state
securities authority relating to the registration statement or prospectus; 

(f) otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply
with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including making available to its security holders an earnings statement covering at least twelve months which shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule
158 thereunder (or any similar provision then in force); and 

(g) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any
order suspending the effectiveness of a registration statement at the earliest possible time. 

11 

4.3 Non-Shelf Registered Offerings and
Shelf Takedowns. In connection with any non-shelf registered offering or shelf takedown that is demanded by Securityholders or as to which piggyback rights otherwise apply, the Company will: 

(a) cooperate with the selling Securityholders and the sole underwriter or managing underwriter of an underwritten offering, if any, to
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends; and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations (consistent with the
provisions of the governing documents thereof) and registered in such names as the selling Securityholders or the sole underwriter or managing underwriter of an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities, if any, may reasonably request at least
five days prior to any sale of such Registrable Securities; 

(b) furnish to each Securityholder and to each underwriter, if any,
participating in the relevant offering, without charge, as many copies of the applicable prospectus, including each preliminary prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto and such other documents as such Securityholder or underwriter may
reasonably request in order to facilitate the public sale or other disposition of the Registrable Securities; the Company hereby consents to the use of the prospectus, including each preliminary prospectus, by each such Securityholder and
underwriter in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by the prospectus or the preliminary prospectus; 

(c) (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the Registrable Securities being offered and sold, no later than the
time the applicable registration statement becomes effective, under all applicable state securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as each underwriter, if any, or any Securityholder holding Registrable Securities covered by a registration
statement, shall reasonably request; (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to keep each such registration or qualification effective during the period such registration statement is required to be kept effective; and (iii) do any and
all other acts and things which may be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable each such underwriter, if any, and Securityholder to consummate the disposition in each such jurisdiction of such Registrable Securities owned by such Securityholder;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to consent to be subject to general service of process
(other than service of process in connection with such registration or qualification or any sale of Registrable Securities in connection therewith) in any such jurisdiction; 

(d) cause all Registrable Securities being sold to be qualified for inclusion in or listed on any Recognized Exchange on which Registrable
Securities issued by the Company are then so qualified or listed if so requested by the Securityholders, or if so requested by the underwriter or underwriters of an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities, if any; 

(e) cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with FINRA and in the performance of any due diligence investigation by any
underwriter in an underwritten offering; 

12 

(f) use commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the distribution and sale of any
Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation by making road show presentations, holding meetings with and making calls to potential investors and taking such other actions as shall be
requested by the Securityholders or the lead managing underwriter of an underwritten offering; and 

(g) enter into customary agreements
(including, in the case of an underwritten offering, underwriting agreements in customary form, and including provisions with respect to indemnification and contribution in customary form and consistent with the provisions relating to
indemnification and contribution contained herein) and take all other customary and appropriate actions in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities and in connection therewith: 

(i) make such representations and warranties to the selling Securityholders and the underwriters, if any, in form, substance
and scope as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in similar underwritten offerings; 

(ii) obtain opinions of
counsel to the Company covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in sales of securities or underwritten offerings; 

(iii) obtain cold comfort letters and updates thereof (including, without limitation, any such audits and comfort
letters relating to financial statements pursuant to Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X and Article 11 thereunder) from the Companys independent certified public
accountants addressed to the selling Securityholders, if permissible, and the underwriters, if any, which letters shall be customary in form and shall cover matters of the type customarily covered in cold comfort letters to underwriters
in connection with primary underwritten offerings; and 

(h) to the extent requested and customary for the relevant transaction, enter into
a securities sales agreement with the Securityholders providing for, among other things, the appointment of such representative as agent for the selling Securityholders for the purpose of soliciting purchases of Registrable Securities, which
agreement shall be customary in form, substance and scope and shall contain customary representations, warranties and covenants. 

The
above shall be done at such times as customarily occur in similar registered offerings or shelf takedowns. 

4.4 Due
Diligence. In connection with each registration and offering of Registrable Securities to be sold by Securityholders, the Company will, in accordance with customary practice, make available for inspection by underwriters and any counsel or
accountant retained by such underwriters all relevant financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and cause appropriate officers, managers, employees, outside counsel and accountants of the Company to
supply all information reasonably requested by any such underwriter, counsel or accountant in connection with their due diligence exercise, including through in-person meetings, but subject to customary
privilege constraints. 

13 

4.5 Information from Securityholders. Each Securityholder that holds
Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement will promptly furnish to the Company such information regarding itself as is required to be included in the registration statement or is otherwise required by FINRA or the SEC in
connection with such registration statement, the ownership of Registrable Securities by such Securityholder and the proposed distribution by such Securityholder of such Registrable Securities as the Company may from time to time reasonably request
in writing. 

4.6 Expenses. All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any registration statement or
registered offering covering Registrable Securities held by the Securityholders will be borne by the Company. However, underwriters, brokers and dealers discounts and commissions applicable to and all transfer taxes (if any)
attributable to the sale of Registrable Securities sold for the account of a Securityholder will be borne by such Securityholder. 

ARTICLE V 

INDEMNIFICATION 

5.1
Indemnification by the Company. In the event of any registration under the Securities Act by any registration statement pursuant to rights granted in this Agreement of Registrable Securities held by Securityholders, the Company
will indemnify and hold harmless Securityholders, their officers, directors and affiliates, and each underwriter of such securities and each other Person, if any, who Controls any Securityholder or such underwriter within the meaning of the
Securities Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including reasonable documented legal fees and costs of court), joint or several, to which Securityholders or such underwriter or controlling Person may become subject under the
Securities Act or otherwise, including any amount paid in settlement of any litigation commenced or threatened, and shall promptly reimburse such Persons, as and when incurred, for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in
connection with investigating any claims and defending any actions, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or any actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the
Securities Act, any blue sky laws, securities laws or other applicable laws of any state or country in which such Shares are offered and relating to action taken or action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such offering, or
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact (a) contained, on its effective date, in any registration statement under which such securities were registered under the Securities Act or any
amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, or which arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or
(b) contained in any preliminary prospectus, if used prior to the effective date of such registration statement, or in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have filed with the SEC any amendment or supplement to
the final prospectus), or which arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated in such prospectus or necessary to make the statements in such prospectus not misleading; and will
reimburse Securityholders and each such underwriter and each such controlling Person for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage or liability;
provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable to any Securityholder or its underwriters or controlling Persons in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such registration statement or such amendment or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company through a written
instrument duly executed by Securityholders or such underwriter specifically for use in the preparation thereof. 

14 

5.2 Indemnification by Securityholders. Each Securityholder as a
condition to including Registrable Securities in such registration statement will indemnify and hold harmless (in the same manner and to the same extent as set forth in Section 5.1 hereof) the Company, each director of the
Company, each officer of the Company who shall sign the registration statement, and any Person who Controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, (a) with respect to any statement or omission from such registration statement, or
any amendment or supplement to it, if such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company through a written instrument duly executed by such Securityholder specifically regarding such
Securityholder for use in the preparation of such registration statement or amendment or supplement, and (b) with respect to compliance by such Securityholder with applicable laws in effecting the sale or other disposition of the securities
covered by such registration statement. 

5.3 Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified
party of notice of the commencement of any action involving a claim referred to in Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 hereof, the indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made or may
be made against an indemnifying party, give written notice to such indemnifying party of the commencement of the action. The failure of any indemnified party to give notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations in this
Article V, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by the failure to give notice. If any such action is brought against an indemnified party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and to
assume the defense of the action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election to assume defense of the action, the indemnifying party will not
be liable to such indemnified party for any legal or other expenses incurred by the latter in connection with the actions defense other than reasonable costs of investigation. An indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any action or proceeding and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at such indemnified partys expense unless (a) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized
in writing by the indemnifying party, which authorization shall not be unreasonably withheld; (b) the indemnifying party has not assumed the defense and employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party within thirty
(30) days after notice of any such action or proceeding; or (c) the named parties to any such action or proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall
have been advised by such counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available to the indemnified party that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party shall not have
the right to assume the defense of such action or proceeding on behalf of the indemnified party), it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or
related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to all local counsel which is necessary,
in the good faith opinion of both counsel for the indemnifying party and counsel for the indemnified party in order 

15 

to adequately represent the indemnified parties) for the indemnified party and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred upon written request and presentation of
invoices. Whether or not a defense is assumed by the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will not be subject to any liability for any settlement made without its consent (not to be unreasonably withheld). No indemnifying party will consent to
entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which (a) does not include as an unconditional term the giving by the claimant or plaintiff, to the indemnified party, of a release from all liability in respect of such claim or litigation; or
(b) involves the imposition of equitable remedies or the imposition of any non-financial obligations on the indemnified party. 

5.4 Contribution. If the indemnification required by this Article V from the indemnifying party is unavailable to
or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any indemnifiable losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, then the indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result
of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (a) the relative benefit of the indemnifying and indemnified parties, and (b) if the allocation in clause (i) is not
permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefit referred to in clause (i) and also the relative fault of the indemnified and indemnifying parties, in connection with the actions which
resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by a party shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the
offering (before deducting expenses) received by it bear to the total amounts (including, in the case of any underwriter, any underwriting commissions and discounts) received by each other party. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and the
indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact, has been made by, or relates to information supplied by, such
indemnifying party or parties, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damage, liabilities
and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The Company and Securityholders agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the prior
provisions of this Section 5.4. 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.4,
no indemnifying party shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the securities were offered to the public by such indemnifying party exceeds the amount of any damages which such indemnifying
party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of an untrue statement or omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any
Person who was not guilty of such a fraudulent misrepresentation. 

16 

ARTICLE VI 

OTHER AGREEMENTS 

6.1
Assignment. (a) No Securityholder shall assign all or any part of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company (which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and (b) the Company shall not
assign all or any part of this Agreement without the prior written consent of Pearl (which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, that without the prior written consent of the Company, Pearl and NGP may
assign their respective rights and obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part to (x) any of their respective Affiliates and/or (y) any Person who becomes a holder of Registrable Securities upon a distribution by Pearl or NGP, as
applicable, of shares of Class A Common Stock or LLC Units to their respective direct or indirect members, limited partners or stockholders that becomes a party hereto by executing and delivering an assignment and joinder agreement to the
Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A to this Agreement; provided that unless otherwise agreed to in advance by the Company, Pearl and NGP in writing, in no event shall any Securityholder (other than Pearl, NGP and their respective
Affiliates) be entitled to any demand rights under this Agreement pursuant to an assignment under this Section 6.1. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding
on the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

6.2 Merger or Consolidation. In the
event the Company engages in a merger or consolidation in which the Registrable Securities are converted into securities of another company, appropriate arrangements will be made so that the registration rights provided under this Agreement continue
to be provided to Securityholders by the issuer of such securities. 

6.3 Limited Liability. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, neither the members, general partners, limited partners or managing directors, or any directors or officers of any members, general or limited partner, advisory director, nor any future members, general partners, limited
partners, advisory directors or managing directors, if any, of any Securityholder shall have any personal liability for performance of any obligation of such Securityholder under this Agreement in excess of the respective capital contributions of
such members, general partners, limited partners, advisory directors or managing directors to such Securityholder. 

6.4 Rule
144. If the Company is subject to the requirements of Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company covenants that it will file any reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (or, if the
Company is subject to the requirements of Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act but is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of any Securityholder, make publicly available such information), and it will take such
further action as any Securityholder may reasonably request, so as to enable such Securityholder to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations of the exemptions provided by (a) Rule 144
under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or (b) any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC. Upon the request of any Securityholder, the Company will deliver to such Securityholder a written
statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements, including using commercially reasonable efforts to cause counsel to the Company to deliver customary legal opinions in connection with the removal of any restrictive legends in
connection with a sale of such Registrable Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6.4 shall not in any way limit or otherwise modify any applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

17 

6.5 In-Kind Distributions. If
any Securityholder seeks to effectuate an in-kind distribution of all or part of its Registrable Securities to its direct or indirect equityholders, the Company will, subject to applicable lockups, work with
such Securityholder and the Companys transfer agent to facilitate such in-kind distribution in the manner reasonably requested by such Securityholder. 

ARTICLE VII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

7.1
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, registered first-class mail, telex, fax or air courier guaranteeing delivery to the Persons
at the respective addresses set forth below or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice. 

(a) 

If to the Company, to: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: Raleigh Wolfe, General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas
77002 

Attention: Matthew R. Pacey, P.C. and Michael W. Rigdon, P.C. 

Email: matt.pacey@kirkland.com; michael.rigdon@kirkland.com 

(b) 

If to Pearl, to: 

Pearl Energy Investments, L.P. 

2100 McKinney Ave., Suite 1675 

Dallas, TX 75201 

Attention:
David Levinson 

Email: dlevinson@pearl-energy.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas
77002 

Attention: Matthew R. Pacey, P.C. and Michael W. Rigdon, P.C. 

Email: matt.pacey@kirkland.com; michael.rigdon@kirkland.com 

18 

(c) 

If to NGP, to: 

NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. 

2850
N. Harwood Street, 19th Floor 

Dallas, TX 75201 

Attention: Brian Seline 

Email:
bseline@ngpenergy.com 

Any such notice, request, demand or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) on the
date of delivery if delivered personally or by facsimile or electronic transmission; (b) on the first Business Day after being sent if delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service; and (c) upon the earlier of actual
receipt thereof or five Business Days after the date of deposit in the United States mail if delivered by mail. 

7.2 Section
Headings. The article and section headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to a designated Article or
Section refer to an Article or Section of this Agreement unless otherwise specifically indicated. 

7.3 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. 

7.4 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a) The parties to this Agreement hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware, the courts of the United
States of America for the District of Delaware, and appellate courts from any thereof in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

(b) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

7.5 Amendments. 

(a) This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing executed by the Company and Securityholders holding at least a two-thirds of the Registrable Securities collectively held by them; provided that any amendment that would adversely impact the rights hereunder of Pearl or NGP shall require the prior written consent of
Pearl and NGP, respectively; provided, further, that any amendment that would disproportionately and adversely impact (i) the rights hereunder of the Securityholders party hereto other than Pearl and NGP without similarly
affecting the rights hereunder of Pearl or NGP (other than the granting of demand rights to any new party to become a Securityholder hereunder and rights incidental thereto) shall require the prior approval of a such Securityholders other than Pearl
and NGP holding a majority of the Registrable Securities held by such Securityholders, and (ii) the rights hereunder of any Securityholder other than Pearl and NGP without similarly affecting the rights hereunder of all other Securityholders
other than Pearl and NGP shall require the prior written consent of such Securityholder. This Agreement will terminate as to any Securityholder when it no longer holds any Registrable Securities. 

19 

(b) Notwithstanding anything in Section 7.5(a) hereof to the
contrary, if the Company at any time after the date of this Agreement grants to any other holders of its securities (other than any Affiliates of Pearl or NGP becoming party hereto after the date hereof) any rights to request or cause the Company to
effect the registration under the Securities Act or offering or sale of any such securities on any terms materially more favorable to such holders than the terms set forth in this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall, upon the request of
Pearl or NGP, be deemed amended or supplemented to the extent necessary to provide Pearl and NGP such more favorable rights and benefits, and, at the election and discretion of Pearl or NGP (as evidenced by a written notice to the Company), shall be
deemed amended or supplemented to the extent necessary to provide to the Securityholders party hereto other than Pearl and NGP those more favorable rights and benefits as selected by Pearl or NGP to be provided to such other Securityholders and set
forth in such written notice. 

7.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. The registration rights granted under this Agreement supersede any registration, qualification or similar rights with respect to any of the Registrable Securities granted under any other agreement, and any
of such preexisting registration rights are hereby terminated. 

7.7 Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability
of any specific provision of this Agreement shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any of its other provisions. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed reformed, if practicable, to the extent necessary to
render it valid and enforceable and to the extent permitted by law and consistent with the intent of the parties to this Agreement. 

7.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by electronic mail, in .pdf or any
other form of electric delivery (including any electronic signature complying with U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument. 

7.9 Additional Holders. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may from time to time add
additional holders of Registrable Securities of the Company as parties to this Agreement with the consent of Pearl and without the consent or additional signatures of any other holders of Registrable Securities hereunder. In order to become a party
to this Agreement, such additional party must execute a signature page evidencing such partys agreement to be bound hereby as a Securityholder (but not Pearl, unless Pearl consents in writing thereto), and upon the Companys receipt of
any such additional holders executed signature page hereto, such additional holder shall be deemed to be a party hereto and such additional signature pages shall be a part of this Agreement. 

20 

7.10 Equitable Remedies. The parties hereto agree that irreparable harm
would occur in the event that any of the agreements and provisions of this Agreement were not performed fully by the parties hereto in accordance with their specific terms or conditions or were otherwise breached, and that money damages are an
inadequate remedy for breach of this Agreement because of the difficulty of ascertaining and quantifying the amount of damage that will be suffered by the parties hereto in the event that this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms
or conditions or is otherwise breached. It is accordingly hereby agreed that the parties hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to restrain, enjoin and prevent breaches of this Agreement by the other parties and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, such remedy being in addition to and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies to which the other parties are entitled to at law or
in equity. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above. 

COMPANY:

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: /s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement] 

PEARL ENERGY INVESTMENTS, L.P.:

By: Pearl Energy Investment GP, LP., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

PEARL ENERGY INVESTMENTS III, L.P.:

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, LP., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

PEI INFINITY-S, LP.:

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, LP., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement] 

PEI INR CO-INVEST-B, CORP:

By: /s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

PEI INR HOLDINGS, L.P.:

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, LP., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement] 

NGP US Holdings, L.P.:

By: NGP XI Holdings GP, L.L.C.

By: /s/ Chris Carter

Name: Chris Carter

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement] 

OTHER SECURITYHOLDERS:

By: /s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

By: /s/ David Sproule

Name: David Sproule

By: /s/ Ian Costello

Name: Ian Costello

By: /s/ Ryan Warner

Name: Ryan Warner

By: /s/ Britney Crookshanks

Name: Britney Crookshanks

By: /s/ Michael Sproule

Name: Michael Sproule

By: /s/ Steven D. Gray

Name: Steven D. Gray

By: /s/ Gregory Pipkin

Name: Gregory Pipkin

[Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement] 

SD Gray Family Partnership LP

By: SD Gray Management Co., its general partner

By: /s/ Steven D. Gray

Name: Steven D. Gray

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement] 

Exhibit A 

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND JOINDER 

[ ], 20__ 

Reference is
made to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of [ ] 20__, by and among Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and certain holders which hold Registrable Securities (as defined below)
that become party thereto (the Registration Rights Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Registration Rights Agreement, [ ] (the
Assignor) hereby assigns [in part][or: in full] its rights and obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement to each of [ ], [ ] and [ ]
(each, an Assignee and collectively, the Assignees). [For the avoidance of doubt, the Assignor will remain a party to the Registration Rights Agreement following the assignment in part of its rights and
obligations thereunder to the undersigned Assignees.] 

Each undersigned Assignee hereby agrees to and does become party to the
Registration Rights Agreement. This assignment and joinder shall serve as a counterpart signature page to the Registration Rights Agreement and by executing below each undersigned Assignee is deemed to have executed the Registration Rights Agreement
with the same force and effect as if originally named a party thereto and each Assignees shares of Class A Common Stock shall be included as Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have duly executed this assignment and joinder as of
date first set forth above. 

ASSIGNOR:

[____________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNEE(S):

[____________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Form of Assignment and Joinder
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d894988dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

Dated as of January 30, 2025 

THE LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS REPRESENTED BY THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNDER ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS MAY NOT BE SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF AT ANY TIME WITHOUT EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND LAWS OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM, AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE OTHER SUBSTANTIAL RESTRICTIONS ON
TRANSFERABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2 

ARTICLE II ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS 13 

Section 2.01 

Formation of Company 13 

Section 2.02 

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement 14 

Section 2.03 

Name 14 

Section 2.04 

Purpose; Powers 14 

Section 2.05 

Principal Office; Registered Office 14 

Section 2.06 

Term 14 

Section 2.07 

No State-Law Partnership 14 

ARTICLE III MEMBERS; UNITS; CAPITALIZATION 15 

Section 3.01 

Members 15 

Section 3.02 

Units 15 

Section 3.03 

Recapitalization; Common Unit Purchase 16 

Section 3.04 

Authorization and Issuance of Additional Units 16 

Section 3.05 

Repurchases or Redemptions 17 

Section 3.06 

Certificates Representing Units; Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates; Registration and Transfer
of Units 18 

Section 3.07 

Negative Capital Accounts 19 

Section 3.08 

No Withdrawal 19 

Section 3.09 

Loans From Members 19 

Section 3.10 

Tax Treatment of Corporate Equity Plans 19 

Section 3.11 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan, Cash Option Purchase Plan, Stock Incentive Plan or Other Plan 21 

ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTIONS 22 

Section 4.01 

Distributions 22 

Section 4.02 

Restricted Distributions 22 

ARTICLE V CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS; TAX MATTERS 23 

Section 5.01 

Capital Accounts 23 

Section 5.02 

Allocations 24 

Section 5.03 

Regulatory and Special Allocations 24 

Section 5.04 

Tax Allocations 26 

Section 5.05 

Withholding; Indemnification and Reimbursement for Payments on Behalf of a Member 28 

ARTICLE VI MANAGEMENT 29 

Section 6.01 

Authority of Manager 29 

Section 6.02 

Actions of the Manager 30 

Section 6.03 

Resignation; No Removal 30 

i 

Section 6.04 

Vacancies 30 

Section 6.05 

Transactions Between Company and Manager 30 

Section 6.06 

Reimbursement for Expenses 30 

Section 6.07 

Delegation of Authority 31 

Section 6.08 

Limitation of Liability of Manager 31 

Section 6.09 

Investment Company Act 32 

Section 6.10 

Outside Activities of the Manager 33 

Section 6.11 

Standard of Care 33 

ARTICLE VII RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF MEMBERS 33 

Section 7.01 

Limitation of Liability and Duties of Members; Investment Opportunities 33 

Section 7.02 

Lack of Authority 35 

Section 7.03 

No Right of Partition 35 

Section 7.04 

Indemnification 35 

Section 7.05 

Members Right to Act 37 

Section 7.06 

Inspection Rights 37 

ARTICLE VIII BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS, AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS 38 

Section 8.01 

Records and Accounting 38 

Section 8.02 

Fiscal Year 38 

ARTICLE IX TAX MATTERS 38 

Section 9.01 

Preparation of Tax Returns 38 

Section 9.02 

Tax Elections 39 

Section 9.03 

Tax Controversies 39 

ARTICLE X RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF UNITS 40 

Section 10.01 

Transfers by Members 40 

Section 10.02 

Permitted Transfers 40 

Section 10.03 

Restricted Units Legend 41 

Section 10.04 

Transfer 41 

Section 10.05 

Assignees Rights 42 

Section 10.06 

Assignors Rights and Obligations 42 

Section 10.07 

Overriding Provisions 43 

ARTICLE XI REDEMPTION AND EXCHANGE RIGHTS 44 

Section 11.01 

Redemption Right of a Member 44 

Section 11.02 

Contribution of the Corporation 48 

Section 11.03 

Exchange Right of the Corporation 48 

Section 11.04 

Reservation of Shares of Class A Common Stock; Listing; Certificate of the
Corporation 49 

Section 11.05 

Effect of Exercise of Redemption or Exchange Right 49 

Section 11.06 

Tax Treatment 49 

ii 

ARTICLE XII ADMISSION OF MEMBERS 50 

Section 12.01 

Substituted Members 50 

Section 12.02 

Additional Members 50 

ARTICLE XIII WITHDRAWAL AND RESIGNATION; TERMINATION OF RIGHTS 50 

Section 13.01 

Withdrawal and Resignation of Members 50 

ARTICLE XIV DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 50 

Section 14.01 

Dissolution 50 

Section 14.02 

Liquidation and Termination 51 

Section 14.03 

Deferment; Distribution in Kind 51 

Section 14.04 

Cancellation of Certificate 52 

Section 14.05 

Reasonable Time for Winding Up 52 

Section 14.06 

Return of Capital 52 

ARTICLE XV VALUATION 52 

Section 15.01 

Determination 52 

Section 15.02 

Dispute Resolution 53 

ARTICLE XVI GENERAL PROVISIONS 53 

Section 16.01 

Power of Attorney 53 

Section 16.02 

Confidentiality 54 

Section 16.03 

Amendments 54 

Section 16.04 

Title to Company Assets 55 

Section 16.05 

Addresses and Notices 55 

Section 16.06 

Binding Effect; Intended Beneficiaries 56 

Section 16.07 

Creditors 56 

Section 16.08 

Waiver 56 

Section 16.09 

Counterparts 56 

Section 16.10 

Applicable Law 56 

Section 16.11 

Severability 57 

Section 16.12 

Further Action 57 

Section 16.13 

Delivery by Electronic Transmission 57 

Section 16.14 

Right of Offset 57 

Section 16.15 

Effectiveness 57 

Section 16.16 

Entire Agreement 57 

Section 16.17 

Remedies 58 

Section 16.18 

Descriptive Headings; Interpretation 58 

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Schedule of Members 

Exhibits

Exhibit A Form of Joinder Agreement 

iii 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 30,
2025, is entered into by and among Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and its Members (as defined herein). 

WHEREAS, the Company was formed as a limited liability company pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Act (as defined herein) by
(i) the filing of the Certificate (as defined herein) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 18-201 of the Delaware Act on May 31, 2017, and (ii) the
adoption of that certain Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated June 6, 2017 (the Original LLC Agreement), with the members and managers of the Company party thereto; 

WHEREAS, the Company amended and restated the Original LLC Agreement in its entirety pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of August 4, 2023 (the Prior LLC Agreement), with the members and managers of the Company party thereto; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to (a) Section 11.2(a) of the Prior LLC Agreement, any change, modification or amendment to the Prior LLC
Agreement shall be effective if made by an instrument in writing that has been duly approved by the Board and a Super Majority Interest of the Members and (b) Section 11.2(c) of the Prior LLC Agreement, certain changes, modifications or
amendments to the Prior LLC Agreement specified therein shall not be binding on any Infinity Members unless contained in a written instrument duly executed by the Infinity Members holding Company Interests representing more than 50% of the Aggregate
Sharing Ratios of the Company Interests held by all Infinity Members who are Employees at such time (such Members whose consent is required as set forth in this recital, collectively, the Requisite Members) (capitalized
terms used but not defined in this recital shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Prior LLC Agreement); 

WHEREAS, immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Pre-IPO Members held the Pre-IPO Interests (as defined herein); 

WHEREAS, the Company, Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and the Requisite Members desire to amend and restate the Prior LLC Agreement as of the Effective Time to reflect (a) the Recapitalization (as defined herein), (b) the Common
Unit Purchase (as defined herein), (c) the Corporations designation as the Manager (as defined herein), (d) the rights and obligations of the Members that are enumerated and agreed upon in the terms of this Agreement effective as of the
Effective Time, at which time the Prior LLC Agreement shall be superseded entirely by this Agreement, and (e) each of the other terms set forth in this Agreement; 

WHEREAS, in connection with the Recapitalization and the Common Unit Purchase, as of the
Effective Time, the Pre-IPO Interests will be converted to Common Units (as defined herein) as contemplated by this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Board (as defined in the Prior LLC Agreement) has approved the amendment and restatement of the Prior LLC Agreement in the form
of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Members, intending to be legally bound, hereby continue the Company without dissolution and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

The following definitions shall be applied to the terms used in this Agreement for all purposes, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the
contrary. 

Additional Member has the meaning set forth in Section 12.02. 

Adjusted Capital Account Deficit means with respect to the Capital Account of any Member as of the end of any
Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, the amount by which the balance in such Capital Account is less than zero. For this purpose, such Members Capital Account balance shall be: 

(a) reduced for any items described in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5), and (6); and 

(b) increased for any
amount such Member is obligated to contribute or is treated as being obligated to contribute to the Company pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) (relating to partner liabilities
to a partnership) or 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5) (relating to minimum gain). 

The foregoing definition is intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Sections
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and 1.704-2 and will be interpreted consistently therewith. 

Admission Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, each other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Person specified. As used in this definition and the definition of Supermajority Members, control (including with correlative meanings,
controlled by and under common control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of voting securities or by contract or
other agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to the Members of the Company (other than the Corporation and its Subsidiaries), Affiliate shall not include any portfolio companies of Pearl Energy
Investments or NGP Energy Capital. 

2 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement. 

Appraisers has the meaning set forth in Section 15.02. 

Assignee means a Person to whom a Company Interest has been transferred but who has not become a Member pursuant to
Article XII. 

Base Rate means, on any date, a variable rate per annum equal to the rate of interest most
recently published by The Wall Street Journal as the prime rate at large U.S. money center banks. 

Black-Out Period means any black-out or similar period under the Corporations policies covering trading in the Corporations securities to
which the applicable Redeemed Member is subject, which period restricts the ability of such Redeemed Member to immediately resell shares of Class A Common Stock to be delivered to such Redeemed Member in connection with a Share Settlement. 

Book Value means, with respect to any Company property, the Companys adjusted basis for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, adjusted from time to time to reflect the adjustments required or permitted by Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(d)-(g) and
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s);provided,that if any noncompensatory options are outstanding upon the occurrence of any adjustment described herein, the Company shall adjust the Book Values of its
properties in accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f)(1) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(h)(2).

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which banks located in New York City, New
York generally are authorized or required by Law to close. 

Capital Account means the capital account maintained
for a Member in accordance with Section 5.01. 

Capital Contribution means, with
respect to any Member, the amount of any cash, cash equivalents, promissory obligations or the Fair Market Value of other property that such Member contributes (or is deemed to contribute) to the Company pursuant to Article III hereof. 

Cash Settlement means immediately available funds in U.S. dollars in an amount equal to the product of (a) the
Share Settlement and (b) the Common Unit Redemption Price. 

Certificate means the Companys
Certificate of Formation as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

Change of Control Transaction means
(a) a sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets determined on a consolidated basis, (b) a sale of a majority of the Companys outstanding Units (other than (i) to the Corporation or (ii) in connection
with a Redemption or Direct Exchange in accordance with Article XI) or (c) a sale of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of any Material Subsidiary of the Company; in any such case, whether by merger, recapitalization,
consolidation, reorganization, combination or otherwise; provided, however,that neither (w) a transaction solely between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
on the other hand, nor (x) a transaction solely for the 

3 

purpose of changing the jurisdiction of domicile of the Company, nor (y) a transaction solely for the purpose of changing the form of entity of the Company, nor (z) a sale of a majority
of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, whether by merger, recapitalization, consolidation, reorganization, combination or otherwise, shall in each case of clauses (w), (x), (y) and (z) constitute a Change of Control
Transaction. 

Class A Common Stock means the Class A Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation. 

Class B Common Stock means the
Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation. 

Code means the United States Internal
Revenue Code of 1986. 

Common Stock means all classes and series of common stock of the Corporation, including
the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock. 

Common Unit means a Unit designated as a
Common Unit and having the rights and obligations specified with respect to the Common Units in this Agreement. 

Common Unit Purchase has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(b). 

Common Unit Redemption Price means, with respect to any Redemption, the arithmetic average of the volume-weighted
closing price for a share of Class A Common Stock (or any class of stock into which it has been converted) on the Stock Exchange, or any other exchange or automated or electronic quotation system on which the Class A Common Stock trades,
as reported by Bloomberg, L.P., or its successor, for each of the five (5) consecutive full Trading Days ending on and including the last full Trading Day immediately prior to the Redemption Notice Date, subject to appropriate and equitable
adjustment for any stock splits, reverse splits, stock dividends or similar events affecting the Class A Common Stock. If the Class A Common Stock (or such other class of stock into which it has been converted) no longer trades on a
securities exchange or automated or electronic quotation system, then the Common Unit Redemption Price shall be the fair market value of one share of Class A Common Stock, as determined by a majority of the Independent Directors in good faith,
that would be obtained in an arms-length transaction between an informed and willing buyer and an informed and willing seller, with neither party having any compulsion to buy or sell, and without regard to the particular circumstances of the buyer
or seller. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Company Interest means the interest of a Member in Profits, Losses and Distributions. 

Company Minimum Gain means partnership minimum gain determined pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(d).

Corporate Board means the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. 

Corporation has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement, together with its
successors and assigns. 

4 

Corporation Group means the Corporation and each Subsidiary of the
Corporation (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries). 

Corporation Tax Liabilities means (a) any U.S.
federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax obligations (including any U.S. federal, state or local taxes, additions to tax, penalties and interest payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result
of any examination of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries affairs by any U.S. federal, state or local tax authorities, including resulting administrative and judicial proceedings under the Partnership Audit Provisions for which the
Corporation Group is liable hereunder) owed by the Corporation Group (other than any obligations to remit any withholdings withheld from payments to third parties) and (b) any obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement payable by the
Corporation Group. 

Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2024,
by and among the Company, as borrower, the Corporation, as Parent, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time (including any one or more refinancings or replacements thereof, in
whole or in part, with any other debt facility or debt obligation). 

Delaware Act means the Delaware Limited
Liability Company Act, 6 Del. C. 18-101,et seq.

Depletable
Property means each separate oil and gas property as defined in Code Section 614. 

Depreciation means, for each Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization
or other cost recovery deduction (excluding depletion) allowable for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to property for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, except that (a) with respect to any such property the Book Value of
which differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes and which difference is being eliminated by use of the remedial method pursuant to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-3(d), Depreciation for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be the amount of book basis recovered for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period under the rules prescribed by
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3(d)(2), and (b) with respect to any other such property, the Book Value of which differs from its adjusted tax basis at the beginning of such Taxable Year or other
Fiscal Period, Depreciation for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such beginning Book Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deduction for such
Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided, however,that if the adjusted tax basis of any property at the beginning of such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period is zero dollars
($0.00), Depreciation with respect to such property shall be determined with reference to such beginning Book Value using any reasonable method selected by the Manager. 

Direct Exchange has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03(a). 

Discount has the meaning set forth in Section 6.06. 

5 

Distributable Cash means, as of any relevant date on which a
determination is being made by the Manager regarding a potential distribution pursuant to Section 4.01(a), the amount of cash that could be distributed by the Company for such purposes in accordance with the Credit
Agreement (and without otherwise violating any applicable provisions of the Credit Agreement). 

Distribution
(and, with a correlative meaning, Distribute) means each distribution made by the Company to a Member with respect to such Members Units, whether in cash, property or securities of the Company and whether by
liquidating distribution or otherwise; provided, however,that none of the following shall be a Distribution: (a) any recapitalization that does not result in the distribution of cash or property to Members or any exchange
of securities of the Company, and any subdivision (by Unit split or otherwise) or any combination (by reverse Unit split or otherwise) of any outstanding Units, (b) any other payment made by the Company to a Member in redemption of all or a
portion of such Members Units or (c) any amounts payable pursuant to Section 6.06. 

Effective Time has the meaning set forth in Section 16.15. 

Equity Plan means any stock or equity purchase plan, restricted stock or equity plan, stock option plan, or other
similar equity compensation plan now or hereafter adopted by the Company or the Corporation, including the Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

Equity Securities means (i) with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) Units or other
equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (including other classes or groups thereof having such relative rights, powers and duties as may from time to time be established by the Manager pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including rights, powers and/or duties senior to existing classes and groups of Units and other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company), (b) obligations, evidences of indebtedness or other securities or interests
convertible or exchangeable into Units or other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, and (c) warrants, options or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Units or other equity interests in the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company and (ii) with respect to the Corporation, any and all shares, interests, participation or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock, including all common stock and preferred stock, or warrants, options
or other rights to acquire any of the foregoing, including any debt instrument convertible or exchangeable into any of the foregoing. 

Event of Withdrawal means the expulsion, bankruptcy or dissolution of a Member or the occurrence of any other event
that terminates the continued membership of a Member in the Company. Event of Withdrawal shall not include an event that does not terminate the existence of such Member under applicable state law (or, in the case of a trust
that is a Member, does not terminate the trusteeship of the fiduciaries under such trust with respect to all the Company Interests of such trust that is a Member). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Exchange Election Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03(b). 

Fair Market Value means, with respect to any asset, its fair market value determined according to Article XV.

6 

Fiscal Period means any interim accounting period within a Taxable
Year established by the Company and which is permitted or required by Section 706 of the Code. 

Fiscal Year
means the Companys annual accounting period established pursuant to Section 8.02. 

Governmental Entity means (a) the United States of America, (b) any other sovereign nation, (c) any
state, province, district, territory or other political subdivision of (a) or (b) of this definition, including any county, municipal or other local subdivision of the foregoing, or (d) any entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of government on behalf of (a), (b) or (c) of this definition. 

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04(a). 

Independent Directors means the members of the Corporate Board who are independent under the standards
set forth in Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Securities Act and the corresponding rules of the applicable exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is traded or quoted. 

IPO has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(b). 

Investment Company Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Joinder means a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit A to this
Agreement. 

Law means all laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations of the United States, any foreign
country and each state, commonwealth, city, county, municipality, regulatory body, agency or other political subdivision thereof. 

LLC Employee means an employee of (including any such employee who is a Member, whether or not treated as an
employee for U.S. federal income tax purposes), or other service provider to, the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case acting in such capacity. 

Losses means items of Company loss or deduction determined according to Section 5.01(b).

Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(a). 

Manager Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if or upon: 

(a) both the stockholders of the Corporation and the Corporate Board approve, in accordance with the Corporations
certificate of incorporation and applicable law, the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Corporations assets (determined on a consolidated basis), including a sale of all of
the equity interests in the Company, to any Person or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than to any directly or indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation, and such sale, lease or transfer is
consummated; 

7 

(b) both the stockholders of the Corporation and the Corporate Board
approve, in accordance with the Corporations certificate of incorporation and applicable law, a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other Person, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities
of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 50.01% of the total voting power represented by the
Voting Securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, and such merger or consolidation is consummated; or 

(c) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any Person or group (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act) (other than (a) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Corporation, or (b) a corporation or other entity owned, directly or indirectly, by all of the stockholders of the
Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Corporation) of beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of at least 50.01% of the aggregate
voting power of the Voting Securities of the Corporation; provided,that the Corporate Board recommends or otherwise approves or determines that such acquisition is in the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders. 

Market Price means, with respect to a share of Class A Common Stock as of a specified date, the last sale price
per share of Class A Common Stock, regular way, or if no such sale took place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices per share of Class A Common Stock, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the Stock Exchange or, if the Class A Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on the Stock Exchange, as reported on the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if the Class A Common Stock is not listed or
admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the
over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the
principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if the Class A Common Stock is not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a
market in the Class A Common Stock selected by the Corporate Board or, in the event that no trading price is available for the shares of Class A Common Stock, the fair market value of a share of Class A Common Stock, as determined in
good faith by the Corporate Board. 

Material Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company
that, as of any date of determination, represents more than (a) 50% of the consolidated net tangible assets of the Company or (b) 50% of the consolidated net income of the Company before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (calculated in
a manner substantially consistent with the definition of Consolidated Net Income and EBITDAX or similar definition(s) appearing in the Credit Agreement, including such additional adjustments that are permitted to be made to
such measure as described in EBITDAX or a similar definition appearing in the Credit Agreement) measured over the four most recent consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to such date of determination. 

8 

Member means, as of any date of determination, (a) each of
the members of the Company named on the Schedule of Members and (b) any Person admitted to the Company as a Substituted Member or Additional Member in accordance with Article XII, but in each case only so long as such Person is shown on
the Companys books and records as the owner of one or more Units, in each case, in such Persons capacity as a member of the Company. 

Member Minimum Gain means partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3).

NGP Unitholder means NGP XI US Holdings, L.P., in
its capacity as a holder of Units. 

Officer has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(b). 

Optionee means a Person to whom a stock option is granted under any
Equity Plan. 

Original LLC Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

Other Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04. 

Partnership Audit Provisions means Sections 6221 through 6241 of the Code, together with any guidance issued
thereunder or successor provisions and any similar provision of state or local tax laws. 

Partnership
Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(a). 

Pearl
Unitholders means, collectively, Pearl Energy Investments, L.P., Pearl Energy Investments III, L.P., Pearl INR Holdings, L.P., PEI Infinity-S, L.P. and PEI INR Co-Invest-B, Corp, in their capacity as holders of Units. 

Percentage
Interest means, with respect to a Member at a particular time, such Members percentage interest in the Company determined by dividing such Members Units by the total Units of all Members at such time. The Percentage
Interest of each Member shall be calculated to the 4th decimal place. 

Permitted Transfer has the meaning set
forth in Section 10.02. 

Person means an individual or any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, joint venture or any other organization or entity, whether or not a legal entity. 

Pre-IPO Interests means, collectively, the Tier I-A Units, Tier I-B Units, Tier II-A Units, Tier II-B Units, Tier III-A Units, Tier III-B Units, Tier IV-A Units and Tier IV-B Units (each as defined in the
Prior LLC Agreement) of the Company. 

Pre-IPO Members means,
collectively, the Pearl Unitholders, the NGP Unitholder, members of management and certain other individuals that were admitted as members of the Company prior to the IPO. 

9 

Prior LLC Agreement has the meaning set forth in the
recitals to this Agreement. 

Pro rata, proportional, in proportion
to, and other similar terms, means, with respect to the holder of Units, pro rata based upon the number of such Units held by such holder as compared to the total number of Units outstanding. 

Profits means items of Company income and gain determined according to Section 5.01(b).

Recapitalization has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a). 

Reclassification Event means any of the following: (a) any reclassification or recapitalization of Common Stock
(other than a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination or any transaction subject to Section 3.04), (b) any merger,
consolidation or other combination involving the Corporation, or (c) any sale, conveyance, lease, or other disposal of all or substantially all the properties and assets of the Corporation to any other Person, in each of clauses (a), (b) or
(c), as a result of which holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive cash, securities or other property for their shares of Common Stock. 

Redeemed Member has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Redeemed Units has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Redemption Date means a Regular Redemption Date, a Special Redemption Date or a Specified Redemption Date. 

Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Redemption Notice Date means, except as otherwise specified by the Manager to the extent necessary for the
Corporation to comply with the Registration Rights Agreement, with respect to any Regular Redemption Date or Special Redemption Date, the date that is ten (10) Business Days before such Redemption Date, and for any Specified Redemption Date,
the date the Redemption Notice with respect to such Redemption Date is delivered by a Specified Member, which date shall not be less than ten (10) Business Days before such Redemption Date. 

Redemption Right has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(a). 

Registered Offering means any secondary securities offering (which may include a bought deal or
overnight offering), and any primary securities offering for which piggyback rights are offered, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and
among the Corporation, the Pearl Unitholders, the NGP Unitholder and the other parties named therein (together with any joinder thereto from time to time by any successor or assign to any party to such Agreement). 

10 

Regular Redemption Date means a date within each fiscal quarter
specified by the Manager from time to time. 

Related Person has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.01(c). 

Relative means, with respect to any natural person: (a) such
natural persons spouse; (b) any lineal descendant, parent, grandparent, great grandparent or sibling or any lineal descendant of such sibling (in each case whether by blood or legal adoption); and (c) the spouse of a natural person
described in clause (b) of this definition. 

Requisite Members has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Retraction Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(b). 

Schedule of Members has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b). 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including any governmental body or agency succeeding to the
functions thereof. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and applicable rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Settlement Method Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01(b).

Share Settlement means a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the number of Redeemed Units.

Simulated Basis means, with respect to each Depletable Property, the Book Value of such property. For purposes
of such computation, the Simulated Basis of each Depletable Property (including any additions to such Simulated Basis resulting from expenditures required to be capitalized in such Simulated Basis) shall be allocated to each Member in accordance
with such Members relative Percentage Interest as of the time such Depletable Property (or such addition to such Simulated Basis resulting from expenditures required to be capitalized in such Simulated Basis) is acquired (or expended) by the
Company, and shall be reallocated among the Members in accordance with the such Members Percentage Interest as determined immediately following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment to the Book Value of the Companys
Depletable Properties pursuant to the definition of Book Value. Upon a transfer by a Member of any Units, a portion of the Simulated Basis allocated to such Member shall be reallocated to the transferee in accordance with the relative Percentage
Interest transferred. 

Simulated Depletion means, with respect to each Depletable Property, a depletion
allowance computed in accordance with U.S. federal income tax principles and in a manner specified in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(k)(2). For purposes of computing Simulated Depletion
with respect to any Depletable Property, in no event shall such allowance, in the aggregate, exceed the Simulated Basis of such Depletable Property. If the Book Value of a Depletable Property is adjusted pursuant to the definition of Book Value
during a Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, following such adjustment Simulated Depletion shall thereafter be calculated under the foregoing provisions based upon such adjusted Book Value. 

11 

Simulated Gain means the excess, if any, of the amount realized
from the sale or other disposition of a Depletable Property over the Book Value of such Depletable Property and determined pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(k)(2).

Simulated Loss means the excess, if any, of the Book Value of a Depletable Property over the amount realized from
the sale or other disposition of such Depletable Property and determined pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(k)(2).

Special Redemption Date means a date specified by the Manager in addition to or in lieu of the Regular Redemption
Date during the same fiscal quarter. The Manager must specify a Special Redemption Date effective with any Registered Offering. 

Specified Members means, collectively, (i) the Pearl Unitholders, (ii) the NGP Unitholder and
(iii) each Member that holds greater than 1% percent of the Common Units outstanding as of the applicable time of determination. 

Specified Redemption Date means the date on which a Specified Member elects to have its Common Units redeemed in
connection with a Redemption permitted pursuant to Section 11.01(i). 

Sponsor Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04(d). 

Stock Exchange means the New York Stock
Exchange. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association or business entity of which (a) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or
trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (b) if a limited liability company, partnership, association or
other business entity (other than a corporation), a majority of the voting interests thereof are at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes
hereof, references to a Subsidiary of the Company shall be given effect only at such times that the Company has one or more Subsidiaries, and, unless otherwise indicated, the term Subsidiary refers to a Subsidiary of the
Company. 

Substituted Member means a Person that is admitted as a Member to the Company pursuant to
Section 12.01. 

Supermajority Members means the Members (which may include the
Manager) holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Units then outstanding; provided that, if as of any date of determination, at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
Units are then held by the Manager or any Affiliates controlled by the Manager, then Supermajority Members shall mean the Manager together with Members holding at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the Units (excluding Units held by the Manager and its controlled Affiliates) then outstanding. 

Taxable
Year means the Companys accounting period for U.S. federal income tax purposes determined pursuant to Section 9.02. 

12 

Tax Receivable Agreement means that certain Tax Receivable
Agreement, dated as the date hereof, by and among the Corporation and the Company, on the one hand, and the TRA Parties (as such term is defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement) party thereto, on the other hand (together with any joinder thereto
from time to time by any successor or assign to any party to such agreement). 

Trading Day means a day on which
the Stock Exchange or such other principal United States securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business (unless such trading shall have been suspended for the
entire day). 

Transfer (and, with a correlative meaning, Transferring) means any sale,
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or other disposition of (whether directly or indirectly, whether with or without consideration and whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of Law) (a) any interest (legal or beneficial) in
any Equity Securities of the Company or (b) any equity or other interest (legal or beneficial) in any Member if substantially all of the assets of such Member consist solely of Units. 

Treasury Regulations means the regulations promulgated under the Code and any corresponding provisions of succeeding
regulations. 

Unit means a Company Interest of a Member or a permitted Assignee in the Company representing a
fractional part of the Company Interests of all Members and Assignees as may be established by the Manager from time to time in accordance with Section 3.02; provided, however,that any class or group
of Units issued shall have the relative rights, powers and duties set forth in this Agreement, and the Company Interest represented by such class or group of Units shall be determined in accordance with such relative rights, powers and duties. 

Value means (a) for any stock option granted under an Equity Plan, the Market Price for the trading day
immediately preceding the date of exercise of a stock option and (b) for any award other than a stock option granted under an Equity Plan, the Market Price for the trading day immediately preceding the Vesting Date. 

Vesting Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(c)(ii). 

Voting Securities means any Equity Securities of the Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in matters
submitted for a vote of the Corporations stockholders or generally in the election of the Corporate Board. 

ARTICLE II 

ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS 

Section 2.01 Formation of Company. The Company was formed effective as of May 31, 2017 pursuant to the provisions of the
Delaware Act and is hereby continued without dissolution. 

13 

Section 2.02 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement.
The Members hereby execute this Agreement for the purpose of amending, restating and superseding the Prior LLC Agreement in its entirety and otherwise establishing the affairs of the Company and the conduct of its business in accordance with the
provisions of the Delaware Act. The Members hereby agree that during the term of the Company set forth in Section 2.06, the rights and obligations of the Members with respect to the Company will be determined in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Delaware Act. On any matter upon which this Agreement is silent, the Delaware Act shall control. No provision of this Agreement shall be in violation of the Delaware Act and to the extent any
provision of this Agreement is in violation of the Delaware Act, such provision shall be void and of no effect to the extent of such violation without affecting the validity of the other provisions of this Agreement; provided,
however,that where the Delaware Act provides that a provision of the Delaware Act shall apply unless otherwise provided in a limited liability company agreement or words of similar effect, the provisions of this Agreement
shall in each instance control; provided further,that notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 18-210 of the Delaware Act shall not apply or be incorporated into this Agreement. 

Section 2.03 Name. The name of the Company shall be Infinity Natural Resources, LLC. The Manager in its sole
discretion may change the name of the Company at any time and from time to time. To the extent the Manager elects to change the name, the Manager shall cause the filing of a certificate of amendment to the Certificate evidencing such change.
Notification of any such change shall be given to all of the Members and, to the extent practicable, to all of the holders of any Equity Securities then outstanding. The Companys business may be conducted under its name and/or any other name
or names deemed advisable by the Manager. 

Section 2.04 Purpose; Powers. The primary business and purpose of the Company shall
be to engage in such activities as are permitted under the Delaware Act and determined from time to time by the Manager in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Company shall have the power and authority to take (directly
or indirectly through its Subsidiaries) any and all actions and engage in any and all activities necessary, appropriate, desirable, advisable, ancillary or incidental to accomplish the foregoing purpose. 

Section 2.05 Principal Office; Registered Office. The principal office of the Company shall be located at such place or places as
the Manager may from time to time designate. The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware shall be 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, County of New Castle, DE 19808, and the registered agent for service of process on
the Company in the State of Delaware at such registered office shall be Corporation Service Company. The Manager may from time to time change the Companys registered agent and registered office in the State of Delaware. To implement such
change, the Manager shall cause the filing of a certificate of amendment to the Certificate evidencing such change. 

Section 2.06
Term. The term of the Company commenced upon the filing of the Certificate in accordance with the Delaware Act and shall continue until the Company is dissolved in accordance with the provisions of Article XIV. 

Section 2.07 No State-Law Partnership. The Members intend that the Company not be a
partnership (including a limited partnership) or joint venture, and that no Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member by virtue of this Agreement, for any purposes other than as set forth in the last sentence of this
Section 2.07, and neither this Agreement nor any other document entered into by the Company or any Member relating to the subject matter hereof shall be construed to suggest otherwise. The Members intend that the Company
shall be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes, and that each Member and the Company shall file all tax returns and shall otherwise take all tax and financial reporting positions in a manner
consistent with such treatment. 

14 

ARTICLE III 

MEMBERS; UNITS; CAPITALIZATION 

Section 3.01 Members. 

(a) Each Pre-IPO Member was previously admitted as a Member and shall remain a Member
at the Effective Time, with such Members Pre-IPO Interests being converted into Common Units at the Effective Time pursuant to the Recapitalization. At the Effective Time and concurrently with the Common
Unit Purchase, the Corporation shall be automatically admitted as a Member. 

(b) The Company shall maintain a schedule
setting forth: (i) the name and address of each Member; (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding Units and the number and class of Units held by each Member; (iii) the aggregate amount of cash Capital Contributions that has been made
by the Members with respect to their Units; and (iv) the Fair Market Value of any property other than cash contributed by the Members with respect to their Units (including, if applicable, a description and the amount of any liability assumed
by the Company or to which contributed property is subject) (such schedule, the Schedule of Members). The applicable Schedule of Members in effect as of the Effective Time (after giving effect to the Recapitalization and
the Common Unit Purchase) is set forth as Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The Schedule of Members shall be the definitive record of ownership of each Unit of the Company and all relevant information with respect to each Member. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, the Company shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a Person registered on its records as the owner of Units for all purposes and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in
Units on the part of any other Person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the Delaware Act. 

(c) No Member shall be required or, except as approved by the Manager pursuant to Section 6.01 and in
accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement, permitted to loan any money or property to the Company or borrow any money or property from the Company. 

Section 3.02 Units. Interests in the Company shall be represented by Units, or such other securities of the Company, in each case
as the Manager may establish in its discretion in accordance with the terms and subject to the restrictions hereof. Immediately after the Effective Time, the Units will be comprised of a single class of Common Units. To the extent required pursuant
to Section 3.04(a), the Manager may create one or more classes or series of Common Units or preferred Units solely to the extent they are in the aggregate substantially equivalent to a class of common stock of the
Corporation or class or series of preferred stock of the Corporation. Such additional classes or series of Common Units or preferred Units created by the Manager may include rights, powers and/or duties senior to any existing Units or
class or group of Units. 

15 

Section 3.03 Recapitalization; Common Unit Purchase. 

(a) Recapitalization. The Pre-IPO Interests that were issued and outstanding and
held by the Pre-IPO Members prior to the Effective Time are hereby converted, as of the Effective Time, into the number of Common Units set forth opposite the Pre-IPO
Members respective names on Schedule 1 hereto, which are hereby issued and outstanding as of the Effective Time (the Recapitalization). 

(b) Common Unit Purchase. Effective as of the Effective Time and concurrently with the Recapitalization, the Corporation
hereby contributes cash in the aggregate amount of $249,100,000, representing all of the net proceeds from the sale of the Class A Common Stock to the public in the Corporations initial public offering (the IPO)
as of the date hereof, to the Company. In exchange for such contribution, the Company hereby issues to the Corporation the Common Units set forth opposite the Corporations name on Schedule 1 hereto (the Common Unit
Purchase). 

Section 3.04 Authorization and Issuance of Additional Units. 

(a) If at any time the Corporation issues a share of its Class A Common Stock or any other Equity Security of the
Corporation, (i) the Company shall concurrently issue to the Corporation one Common Unit (if the Corporation issues a share of Class A Common Stock), or such other Equity Security of the Company (if the Corporation issues Equity Securities
other than Class A Common Stock) corresponding to the Equity Securities issued by the Corporation, and with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions (including distributions upon liquidation) and other economic rights as
those of such Equity Securities of the Corporation and (ii) the net proceeds received by the Corporation with respect to the corresponding share of Class A Common Stock or other Equity Security, if any, shall be concurrently contributed by
the Corporation to the Company as a Capital Contribution; provided,that if the Corporation issues any shares of Class A Common Stock in a Direct Exchange pursuant to Section 11.03(a), then the Company
shall not issue any new Common Units in connection therewith and the Corporation shall not be required to transfer such net proceeds to the Company (it being understood that such net proceeds shall instead be transferred to such other Member as
consideration for such purchase). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3.04(a) shall not apply to (i) (A) the issuance and distribution to holders of shares of Class A Common Stock of rights to purchase
Equity Securities of the Corporation under a poison pill or similar shareholders rights plan or (B) the issuance under the Corporations Equity Plans of any warrants, options, other rights to acquire Equity Securities of the
Corporation or rights or property that may be converted into or settled in Equity Securities of the Corporation, unless and until in each of the foregoing cases the Equity Securities of the Corporation in connection with the exercise or settlement
of such rights, warrants, options or other rights or property are actually issued by the Corporation or (ii) the issuance of Equity Securities pursuant to any Equity Plan (other than a stock option plan) that are restricted, subject to
forfeiture or otherwise unvested upon issuance, unless and until the applicable Vesting Date with respect to such Equity Securities. Except pursuant to Article XI, (x) the Company may not issue any additional Common Units to the
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously the Corporation or such 

16 

Subsidiary issues or sells an equal number of shares of the Corporations Class A Common Stock to another Person, and (y) the Company may not issue any other Equity Securities of
the Company to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously the Corporation or such Subsidiary issues or sells, to another Person, an equal number of shares of a new class or series of Equity Securities of the
Corporation or such Subsidiary with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions (including distributions upon liquidation) and other economic rights as those of such Equity Securities of the Company. 

(b) The Company shall only be permitted to issue additional Units or other Equity Securities in the Company to the Persons and
on the terms and conditions provided for in Section 3.02, this Section 3.04 and Section 3.11. 

(c) The Company shall not in any manner effect any subdivision (by equity split, equity distribution, reclassification,
recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse equity split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of the outstanding Common Units unless the Corporation simultaneously effects an identical subdivision or combination, as
applicable, of the outstanding Common Stock, with corresponding changes made with respect to any other exchangeable or convertible securities. The Corporation shall not in any manner effect any subdivision (by stock split, stock dividend,
reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of the outstanding Common Stock unless the Corporation simultaneously effects an identical subdivision or
combination, as applicable, of the outstanding Common Units, with corresponding changes made with respect to any other exchangeable or convertible securities. The Company shall not in any manner effect any subdivision (by equity split, equity
distribution, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse equity split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of any outstanding Equity Securities of the Company (other than the Common Units) unless
accompanied by an identical subdivision or combination, as applicable, of the corresponding Equity Securities of the Corporation, with corresponding changes made with respect to any other exchangeable or convertible securities. The Corporation shall
not in any manner effect any subdivision (by stock split, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of any outstanding Equity Securities
of the Corporation (other than the Common Stock) unless the Company effects an identical subdivision or combination, as applicable, of the corresponding Equity Securities of the Company, with corresponding changes made with respect to any other
exchangeable or convertible securities. 

Section 3.05 Repurchases or Redemptions. The Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries
may not redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (i) any shares of Class A Common Stock unless substantially simultaneously the Company redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires from the Corporation an equal number of Common Units for the
same price per security or (ii) any other Equity Securities of the Corporation unless substantially simultaneously the Company redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires from the Corporation an equal number of Equity Securities of the Company
of a corresponding class or series with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions (including distributions upon liquidation) and other economic rights as those of such 

17 

Equity Securities of the Corporation for the same price per security. The Company may not redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (A) any Common Units from the Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously the Corporation or such Subsidiary redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock for the same price per security from holders thereof, or
(B) any other Equity Securities of the Company from the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously the Corporation or such Subsidiary redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires for the same price per security an
equal number of Equity Securities of the Corporation of a corresponding class or series with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions (including distribution upon liquidation) and other economic rights as those of such Equity
Securities of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any consideration payable by the Corporation in connection with the redemption or repurchase of any shares of Class A Common Stock or other Equity Securities of
the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries consists (in whole or in part) of shares of Class A Common Stock or such other Equity Securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the cashless exercise of an option or
warrant), then the redemption or repurchase of the corresponding Common Units or other Equity Securities of the Company shall be effectuated in an equivalent manner. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the
Company shall not make a distribution or any other payment to a Member in connection with a redemption or repurchase of any Units if such distribution or payment would violate Section 18-607 or 18-804 of the Delaware Act or any other applicable law. 

Section 3.06 Certificates Representing
Units; Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates; Registration and Transfer of Units. 

(a) Units shall not be certificated
unless otherwise determined by the Manager. If the Manager determines that one or more Units shall be certificated, each such certificate shall be signed by or in the name of the Company, by any authorized officer designated by the Manager,
representing the number of Units held by such holder. Such certificate shall be in such form (and shall contain such legends) as the Manager may determine. Any or all of such signatures on any certificate representing one or more Units may be a
facsimile, engraved or printed, to the extent permitted by applicable Law. The Manager agrees that it shall not elect to treat any Unit as a security within the meaning of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code unless thereafter all
Units then outstanding are represented by one or more certificates. 

(b) If Units are certificated, the Manager may direct
that a new certificate representing one or more Units be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Company alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon delivery to the Manager of an affidavit of the owner or owners of such
certificate, setting forth such allegation. The Manager may require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the Company a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may
be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate. 

18 

(c) If Units are certificated, upon surrender to the Company or the transfer
agent of the Company, if any, of a certificate for one or more Units, duly endorsed or accompanied by appropriate evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, in compliance with the provisions hereof, the Company shall issue a new
certificate representing one or more Units to the Person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate (although the limited liability company interests in the Company represented by such certificate shall remain outstanding) and record the
transaction upon its books. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Manager may prescribe such additional rules and regulations as it may deem appropriate relating to the issue, Transfer and registration of Units. 

Section 3.07 Negative Capital Accounts. No Member shall be required to pay to any other Member or the Company any deficit or
negative balance which may exist from time to time in such Members Capital Account (including upon and after dissolution of the Company). 

Section 3.08 No Withdrawal. No Person shall be entitled to withdraw any part of such Persons Capital Contribution or Capital
Account or to receive any Distribution from the Company, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

Section 3.09 Loans From
Members. Loans by Members to the Company shall not be considered Capital Contributions. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(c), the amount of any such advances shall be a debt of the Company to such Member and shall be payable or
collectible in accordance with the terms and conditions upon which such advances are made. 

Section 3.10 Tax Treatment of
Corporate Equity Plans. 

(a) Options Granted to Persons other than LLC Employees. If at any time or from time to
time, in connection with any Equity Plan, a stock option granted over shares of Class A Common Stock to a Person other than an LLC Employee is duly exercised, solely for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes, the
following events shall be deemed to have occurred: 

(i) The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such exercise,
make a Capital Contribution to the Company in an amount equal to the exercise price paid to the Corporation by such exercising Person in connection with the exercise of such stock option; 

(ii) Notwithstanding the amount of the Capital Contribution actually made pursuant to
Section 3.10(a)(i), the Corporation shall be deemed to have contributed to the Company as a Capital Contribution, in lieu of the Capital Contribution actually made and in consideration of additional Common Units, an amount
equal to the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock as of the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then being issued by the Corporation in connection with the exercise of such stock option; and

(iii) The Corporation shall receive in exchange for such Capital Contribution (as deemed made under
Section 3.10(a)(ii)), a number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which such stock option was exercised. 

19 

(b) Options Granted to LLC Employees. If at any time or from time to
time, in connection with any Equity Plan, a stock option granted over shares of Class A Common Stock to an LLC Employee is duly exercised, solely for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes, the following events shall
be deemed to have occurred: 

(i) The Corporation shall sell to the Optionee, and the Optionee shall purchase from the
Corporation, for a cash price per share equal to the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock at the time of the exercise, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient of (x) the exercise price payable by the
Optionee in connection with the exercise of such stock option divided by (y) the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock at the time of such exercise; 

(ii) The Corporation shall sell to the Company (or if the Optionee is an employee of, or other service provider to, a
Subsidiary, the Corporation shall sell to such Subsidiary), and the Company (or such Subsidiary, as applicable) shall purchase from the Corporation, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the excess of (x) the number of shares
of Class A Common Stock as to which such stock option is being exercised over (y) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock sold pursuant to Section 3.10(b)(i) hereof. The purchase price per share of
Class A Common Stock for such sale of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company (or such Subsidiary) shall be the Value of a share of Class A Common Stock as of the date of exercise of such stock option; 

(iii) The Company shall transfer to the Optionee (or if the Optionee is an employee of, or other service provider to, a
Subsidiary, the Subsidiary shall transfer to the Optionee) at no additional cost to such LLC Employee and as additional compensation (and not a distribution) to such LLC Employee, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock described in
Section 3.10(b)(ii); and 

(iv) The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after such exercise,
make a Capital Contribution to the Company in an amount equal to all proceeds received (from whatever source, but excluding any payment in respect of payroll taxes or other withholdings) by the Corporation in connection with the exercise of such
stock option. The Corporation shall receive for such Capital Contribution, a number of Common Units equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which such stock option was exercised. 

The transactions described in this Section 3.10(b) are intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1032-3 and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

(c) Equity
Awards Other than Options. If at any time or from time to time, in connection with any Equity Plan, any shares of Class A Common Stock are issued to an LLC Employee (including any shares of Class A Common Stock that are subject to
forfeiture in the event such LLC Employee terminates his or her employment with the Company or any Subsidiary) in consideration for services performed for the Company or any Subsidiary: 

(i) The Corporation shall issue such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as are to be issued to such LLC Employee in
accordance with the Equity Plan and the applicable award agreement or grant documentation; 

20 

(ii) On the date (such date, the Vesting Date)
that the Value of such shares is includible in taxable income of such LLC Employee, the following events will be deemed to have occurred solely for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes: (A) the Corporation shall be
deemed to have sold such shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company (or if such LLC Employee is an employee of, or other service provider to, a Subsidiary, to such Subsidiary) for a purchase price equal to the Value of such shares of
Class A Common Stock, (B) the Company (or such Subsidiary) shall be deemed to have delivered such shares of Class A Common Stock to such LLC Employee, (C) the Corporation shall be deemed to have contributed the purchase price for
such shares of Class A Common Stock to the Company as a Capital Contribution, and (D) in the case where such LLC Employee is an employee of a Subsidiary, the Company shall be deemed to have contributed such amount to the capital of the
Subsidiary; and 

(iii) The Company shall issue to the Corporation on the Vesting Date a number of Common Units equal to the
number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued under Section 3.10(c)(i) in consideration for a Capital Contribution that the Corporation is deemed to make to the Company pursuant to clause (3) of
Section 3.10(c)(ii) above. 

(d) Future Stock Incentive Plans. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed or applied to preclude or restrain the Corporation from adopting, modifying or terminating stock incentive plans for the benefit of employees, directors or other business associates of the Corporation, the Company or any of their
respective Affiliates. The Members acknowledge and agree that, in the event that any such plan is adopted, modified or terminated by the Corporation, amendments to this Section 3.10 may become necessary or advisable and
that any approval or consent to any such amendments requested by the Corporation may be approved by the Manager and the Members, as applicable, without the requirement of any further consent or acknowledgement of any other Member notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement (including Section 16.03). 

(e) Anti-Dilution Adjustments.
For all purposes of this Section 3.10, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and the corresponding number of Common Units shall be determined after giving effect to all anti-dilution or similar adjustments
that are applicable, as of the date of exercise or vesting, to the option, warrant, restricted stock or other equity interest that is being exercised or becomes vested under the applicable Equity Plan and applicable award agreement or grant
documentation. 

Section 3.11 Dividend Reinvestment Plan, Cash Option Purchase Plan, Stock Incentive Plan or Other Plan. Except
as may otherwise be provided in this Article III, all amounts received or deemed received by the Corporation in respect of any dividend reinvestment plan, cash option purchase plan, stock incentive or other stock or subscription plan or
agreement, shall either be (a) utilized by the Corporation to effect open market purchases of shares of Class A Common Stock, or (b) if the Corporation elects instead to issue new shares of Class A Common Stock with respect to
such amounts, contributed by the Corporation to the Company in exchange for additional Common Units. Upon such contribution, the Company will issue to the Corporation a number of Common Units equal to the number of new shares of Class A Common
Stock so issued. 

21 

ARTICLE IV 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 4.01
Distributions. 

(a) Distributable Cash; Other Distributions. To the extent permitted by applicable Law and
hereunder, Distributions to Members may be declared by the Manager out of Distributable Cash or other funds or property legally available therefor in such amounts and on such terms (including the payment dates of such Distributions) as the Manager
shall determine using such record date as the Manager may designate; such Distributions shall be made to the Members as of the close of business on such record date on a pro rata basis in accordance with each Members Percentage Interest as of
the close of business on such record date; provided, however,that the Manager shall have the obligation to make Distributions as set forth in Sections 4.01(b) and 14.02; and provided further
that, notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no Distribution shall be made to any Member to the extent such Distribution would violate Section 18-607 or Section 18-804 of the Delaware Act. Promptly following the designation of a record date and the declaration of a Distribution pursuant to this Section 4.01(a), the Manager shall give
notice to each Member of the record date, the amount and the terms of the Distribution and the payment date thereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, it is intended that the Manager shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law and hereunder,
have the right in its sole discretion to make Distributions to the Members pursuant to this Section 4.01(a) in such amounts as shall enable the Corporation to pay dividends or to meet its obligations. 

(b) Tax Distributions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager shall cause Distributable Cash to be distributed pro
rata to all Members in accordance with each Members Percentage Interest pursuant to Section 4.01(a) at such times and in such amounts as the Manager determines in its sole discretion is necessary to cause the
Corporation to be able to timely satisfy any and all Corporation Tax Liabilities (and, for avoidance of doubt, taking into account all other distributions to the Manager in the relevant period or periods); provided that, notwithstanding any
other provision herein to the contrary, no Distribution would violate Section 18-607 or Section 18-804 of the Delaware Act. 

Section 4.02 Restricted Distributions. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company
shall not make any Distribution to any Member on account of any Company Interest if such Distribution would violate any applicable Law or the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

22 

ARTICLE V 

CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS; TAX MATTERS 

Section 5.01 Capital Accounts. 

(a) The Company shall maintain a separate Capital Account for each Member according to the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). For this purpose, the Company may (in the discretion of the Manager), upon the occurrence of the events specified in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), increase or decrease the Capital Accounts in accordance with the rules of such Treasury Regulations and Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) to reflect a revaluation of Company property. 

(b) For purposes of computing the amount of any item of Company income, gain, loss or deduction to be allocated pursuant to
this Article V and to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Members, the determination, recognition and classification of any such item shall be the same as its determination, recognition and classification for U.S. federal income tax
purposes (including any method of depreciation, cost recovery or amortization used for this purpose); provided, however,that: 

(i) The computation of all items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall include those items described in Code
Section 705(a)(l)(B) or Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), without regard to the fact that such items are not includable in gross income or are not
deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(ii) If the Book Value of any Company property is adjusted pursuant to
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(e) or (f), the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition of such property. 

(iii) Items of income, gain, loss or deduction attributable to the disposition of Company property having a Book Value that
differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Book Value of such property. 

(iv)
In lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing Profits or Losses (excluding depletion with respect to a Depletable Property), there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such
Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period. 

(v) To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Company asset
pursuant to Code Sections 732(d), 734(b) or 743(b) is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such
adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis). 

23 

(vi) Simulated Gains with respect to Depletable Properties shall be taken
into account in computing Profits and Losses in lieu of actual gains on such Depletable Properties. 

(vii) Items
specifically allocated under Section 5.03 shall be excluded from the computation of Profits and Losses. 

Section 5.02 Allocations. After giving effect to the allocations under Section 5.03, and subject to
Section 5.04, Profits and Losses for any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be allocated among the Capital Accounts of the Members in such a manner that, after giving effect to the special allocations set forth in
Section 5.03 and all other distributions through the end of such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, the Capital Account balance of each Member, immediately after making such allocation, is as nearly as possible equal to
(a) the amount such Member would receive pursuant to Section 14.02(d) if all of the assets of the Company on hand at the end of such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period were sold for cash equal to their Book Values,
all liabilities of the Company were satisfied in cash in accordance with their terms (limited with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Book Value of the assets securing such liability), and all remaining or resulting cash were distributed,
in accordance with Section 14.02(d), to the Members immediately after making such allocation, minus (b) such Members share of the Company Minimum Gain and Member Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to
the hypothetical sale of assets, and the amount any such Member is treated as obligated to contribute to the Company, computed immediately after the hypothetical sale of assets. 

Section 5.03 Regulatory and Special Allocations. 

(a) Losses attributable to partner nonrecourse debt (as defined in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) shall be allocated in the manner required by Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i) to the Member that bears the economic risk of loss
(within the meaning of Regulations 1.752-2). If there is a net decrease during a Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period in Member Minimum Gain, Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (and, if
necessary, for subsequent Taxable Years or other Fiscal Periods) shall be allocated to the Members in the amounts and of such character as determined according to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-2(i)(4).

(b) Nonrecourse deductions (as determined according to
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(1)) for any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be allocated pro rata among the Members in accordance with their Percentage Interests. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 5.03(g), if there is a net decrease in the Company Minimum Gain during any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, each Member shall be allocated Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period (and,
if necessary, for subsequent Taxable Years or other Fiscal Periods) in the amounts and of such character as determined according to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(f). This
Section 5.03(b) is intended to be a minimum gain chargeback provision that complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(f), and shall be interpreted in
a manner consistent therewith. 

24 

(c) If any Member that unexpectedly receives an adjustment, allocation or
Distribution described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) has an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit as of the end of any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period, computed after
the application of Sections 5.03(a) and 5.03(b) but before the application of any other provision of this Article V, then Profits for such Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period shall be allocated to such Member
in proportion to, and to the extent of, such Adjusted Capital Account Deficit. This Section 5.03(c) is intended to be a qualified income offset provision as described in Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. 

(d) In the event that any Member has an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period,
such Member shall be allocated Profit in the amount of such deficit as quickly as possible; provided, however, that an allocation pursuant to this Section 5.03(d) shall be made only if and to the extent that
such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other allocations provided for in this Article V have been tentatively made as if Section 5.03(c) and this
Section 5.03(d) were not in this Agreement. 

(e) If the allocation of Losses to a Member as
provided in Section 5.02 would create or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, there shall be allocated to such Member only that amount of Losses as will not create or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit.
The Losses that would, absent the application of the preceding sentence, otherwise be allocated to such Member shall be allocated to the other Members in accordance with their relative Percentage Interests, subject to this
Section 5.03(e). 

(f) Profits and Losses described in
Section 5.01(b)(v) shall be allocated in a manner consistent with the manner that the adjustments to the Capital Accounts are required to be made pursuant to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(j) and (m). 

(g) Simulated Depletion for each
Depletable Property and Simulated Loss upon the disposition of a Depletable Property shall be allocated among the Members in proportion to their shares of the Simulated Basis in such Depletable Property. 

(h) The allocations set forth in Section 5.03(a) through and including
Section 5.03(e) (the Regulatory Allocations) are intended to comply with certain requirements of Sections 1.704-1(b) and
1.704-2 of the Treasury Regulations. The Regulatory Allocations may not be consistent with the manner in which the Members intend to allocate Profit and Loss of the Company or make Distributions. Accordingly,
notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article V, but subject to the Regulatory Allocations, income, gain, deduction and loss shall be reallocated among the Members so as to eliminate the effect of the Regulatory Allocations and thereby
cause the respective Capital Accounts of the Members to be in the amounts (or as close thereto as possible) they would have been if Profit and Loss (and such other items of income, gain, deduction and loss) had been allocated without reference to
the Regulatory Allocations. In general, the Members anticipate that this will be accomplished by specially allocating other Profit and Loss (and such other items of income, gain, deduction and loss) among the Members so that the net amount of the
Regulatory Allocations and such special allocations to each such Member is zero. In addition, if in any Taxable Year or other Fiscal Period there is a decrease in Company Minimum Gain, or in Member Minimum Gain, and application of

25 

the minimum gain chargeback requirements set forth in Section 5.03(a) or Section 5.03(b) would cause a distortion in the economic arrangement
among the Members, the Members may, if they do not expect that the Company will have sufficient other income to correct such distortion, request the Internal Revenue Service to waive either or both of such minimum gain chargeback requirements. If
such request is granted, this Agreement shall be applied in such instance as if it did not contain such minimum gain chargeback requirement. 

Section 5.04 Tax Allocations. 

(a) The income, gains, losses, deductions and credits of the Company will be allocated, for U.S. federal (and applicable state
and local) income tax purposes, among the Members in accordance with the allocation of such income, gains, losses, deductions and credits among the Members for computing their Capital Accounts; provided that if any such allocation is not
permitted by the Code or other applicable Law, the Companys subsequent income, gains, losses, deductions and credits will be allocated among the Members so as to reflect as nearly as possible the allocation set forth herein in computing their
Capital Accounts. 

(b) Cost and percentage depletion deductions with respect each Depletable Property shall be computed
separately by the Members rather than the Company. For purposes of such computations, the U.S. federal income tax basis of each Depletable Property shall be allocated to each Member in accordance with such Members Percentage Interest as of the
time such Depletable Property is acquired by the Company, and shall be reallocated among the Members in accordance with such Members Percentage Interest as determined immediately following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an
adjustment to the Book Values of the Companys Depletable Properties pursuant to the definition of Book Value (or at the time of any material additions to the U.S. federal income tax basis of such Depletable Property). The Company shall inform
each Member of such Members allocable share of the U.S. federal income tax basis of each Depletable Property promptly following the acquisition of such Depletable Property by the Company, any adjustment resulting from expenditures required to
be capitalized in such basis, and any reallocation of such basis as provided in the previous sentence. Such allocations are intended to be applied in accordance with the partners interests in partnership capital under
Section 613A(c)(7)(D) of the Code; provided that the Members understand and agree that the Manager may authorize special allocations of tax basis, income, gain, deduction or loss, as computed for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in
order to eliminate differences between Simulated Basis and adjusted U.S. federal income tax basis with respect to Depletable Properties, in such manner as determined consistent with the principles of Section 704(c) of the Code, the Treasury
Regulations thereunder and the portions of the Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) that apply the principles of Section 704(c). For the purposes of applying the remedial allocation method to Depletable Properties
(i) the amount by which any Members Capital Account is adjusted for Simulated Depletion shall be treated as an amount of book depletion allocated to such Member and (ii) the amount of cost depletion computed by such Member under
section 613A(c)(7)(D) of the Code shall be treated as an amount of tax depletion allocated to such Member. 

26 

(c) For purposes of the separate computation of gain or loss by each Member
on a taxable disposition of Depletable Property, the amount realized from such disposition shall be allocated (i) first, to the Members in an amount equal to the Simulated Basis in such Depletable Property and in the same proportion as their
shares thereof were allocated and (ii) second, any remaining amount realized shall be allocated consistent with the allocation of Simulated Gains; provided, however,that the Members understand and agree that the Manager
may authorize special allocations of tax basis, income, gain, deduction or loss, as computed for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in order to eliminate differences between Simulated Basis and adjusted U.S. federal income tax basis with respect to
Depletable Properties, in such manner as determined consistent with the principles of Section 704(c) of the Code, the Treasury Regulations thereunder and the portions of the Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) that apply the
principles of Section 704(c). The provisions of this Section 5.04(c) and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to allocations under Section 613A(c)(7)(D) of the Code are intended to comply with Treasury
Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(v) and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Treasury Regulations. 

(d) Each Member shall, in a manner consistent with this Article V, separately keep records of its share of the adjusted
tax basis in each Depletable Property, adjust such share of the adjusted tax basis for any cost or percentage depletion allowable with respect to such property and use such adjusted tax basis in the computation of its cost depletion or in the
computation of its gain or loss on the disposition of such property by the Company. Upon the request of the Company, each Member may advise the Company of its adjusted tax basis in each Depletable Property and any depletion computed with respect
thereto, both as computed in accordance with the provisions of this subsection. The Company may rely on such information and, if it is not provided by the Member, may make such reasonable assumptions as it shall determine with respect thereto. 

(e) Items of Company taxable income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to any property contributed or deemed contributed to
the capital of the Company shall be allocated among the Members in accordance with Code Section 704(c) so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
its Book Value as of the date of the applicable contribution using any method set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3 as determined by the Manager. 

(f) If the Book Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.01(b), subsequent
allocations of items of taxable income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its Book Value in the same manner as
under Code Section 704(c) using any method set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3 as determined by the Manager. 

(g) If, as a result of an exercise of a noncompensatory option to acquire an interest in the Company, a Capital Account
reallocation is required under Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s)(3), the Company shall make corrective allocations pursuant to Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(x).

27 

(h) Allocations of tax credits, tax credit recapture, and any items related
thereto shall be allocated to the Members pro rata as determined by the Manager taking into account the principles of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(ii).

(i) For purposes of determining a Members pro rata share of the Companys excess nonrecourse liabilities
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3), the Manager shall reasonably determine each Members share of the Companys profits. 

(j) Allocations pursuant to this Section 5.05 are solely for purposes of U.S. federal (and applicable
state and local) income taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Members Capital Account or share of Profits, Losses, Distributions or other Company items pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.

Section 5.05 Withholding; Indemnification and Reimbursement for Payments on Behalf of a Member. If requested by the Manager,
each Member shall, if able to do so, deliver to the Manager: (A) an affidavit in form satisfactory to the Company, such as an IRS Form W-9 or applicable IRS Form
W-8, that the applicable Member (or its beneficial owners, as the case may be) is not subject to withholding under the provisions of any U.S. federal, state, local, foreign or other Law; (B) any
certificate that the Company may reasonably request with respect to any such Laws; and/or (C) any other form or instrument reasonably requested by the Company relating to any Members status under such Law. In the event that a Member fails
or is unable to deliver to the Company an affidavit described in subclause (A), for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may withhold amounts from such Member in accordance with this Section 5.05. To the extent the
Corporation, the Company and its Subsidiaries is required by Law to withhold or to make tax payments on behalf of or with respect to any Member (including the delivery of consideration in connection with a Redemption or Direct Exchange, backup
withholding, Section 1445 of the Code, Section 1446 of the Code or any imputed underpayment within the meaning of the Code or, in each case, similar provisions of state, local or other tax Law) the Corporation, the Company or
the applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be, may withhold such amounts and make such tax payments as so required, and each Member hereby authorizes the Corporation, the Company and its Subsidiaries to withhold or pay on behalf of or with respect
to such Member any amount of U.S. federal, state, or local or non-U.S. taxes that the Manager determines, in good faith, that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to withhold or pay with respect
to any amount distributable, allocable or payable by or with respect to such Member pursuant to this Agreement. In addition, if the Company is obligated to pay any other amount to a Governmental Entity (or otherwise makes a payment to a Governmental
Entity) that is specifically attributable to a Member (including U.S. federal income taxes as a result of Company obligations pursuant to the Partnership Audit Provisions with respect to items of income, gain, loss deduction or credit allocable or
attributable to such Member, state personal property taxes and state unincorporated business taxes, but excluding payments such as professional association fees and the like made voluntarily by the Company on behalf of any Member based upon such
Members status as an employee of the Company), then such tax shall be treated as an amount of taxes withheld or paid with respect to such Member pursuant to this Section 5.05. For all purposes under this Agreement,
any amounts withheld or paid with respect to a Member pursuant to this Section 5.05 shall be treated as having been distributed to such Member at the time such withholding or payment is made. Further, to the extent that the
cumulative amount of such withholding or payment for any period exceeds the 

28 

distributions to which such Member is entitled for such period, such Member shall indemnify the Company in full for the amount of such excess. The Manager may offset Distributions to which a
Person is otherwise entitled under this Agreement against such Persons obligation to indemnify the Company under this Section 5.05. A Members obligation to indemnify the Company under this Section 5.05
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, survive the dissolution, liquidation, winding up and termination of the Company, and for purposes of this Section 5.05, the Company shall be treated as continuing in existence.
The Company may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Member under this Section 5.05, including instituting a lawsuit to collect amounts owed under such indemnity with interest accruing from
the date such withholding or payment is made by the Company at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate (but not in excess of the highest rate per annum permitted by Law). Any income from such indemnity (and interest) shall not be
allocated to or distributed to the Member paying such indemnity (and interest). Each Member hereby agrees to furnish to the Company such information and forms as required or reasonably requested in order to comply with any laws and regulations
governing withholding of tax or in order to claim any reduced rate of, or exemption from, withholding to which the Member is legally entitled. 

ARTICLE VI 

MANAGEMENT 

Section 6.01 Authority of Manager. 

(a) Except for situations in which the approval of any Member(s) is specifically required by this Agreement, (i) all
management powers over the business and affairs of the Company shall be exclusively vested in the Corporation, as the sole managing member of the Company (the Corporation, in such capacity, the Manager) and (ii) the
Manager shall conduct, direct and exercise full control over all activities of the Company. The Manager shall be the manager of the Company for the purposes of the Delaware Act. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein and
subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the Members hereby consent to the exercise by the Manager of all such powers and rights conferred on the Members by the Delaware Act with respect to the management and control of the Company. Any
vacancies in the position of Manager shall be filled in accordance with Section 6.04. 

(b)
Without limiting the authority of the Manager to act on behalf of the Company, the day-to-day business and operations of the Company shall be overseen and implemented by
officers of the Company (each, an Officer and collectively, the Officers), subject to the limitations imposed by the Manager. An Officer may, but need not, be a Member. Each Officer shall be
appointed by the Manager and shall hold office until his or her successor shall be duly designated and shall qualify or until his or her death or until he shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided. Any one Person may
hold more than one office. Subject to the other provisions in this Agreement (including in Section 6.07 below), the salaries or other compensation, if any, of the Officers of the Company shall be fixed from time to time by
the Manager. The authority and responsibility of the Officers shall include, but not be limited to, such duties as the Manager may, from time to time, delegate to them and the carrying out of the Companys business and affairs on a day-to-day basis. An Officer may also perform one or more roles as an officer of the Manager. 

29 

(c) The Manager shall have the power and authority, acting alone and without
the approval of any other Person (including any Member), to effectuate the sale, lease, transfer, exchange or other disposition of any, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (including the exercise or grant of any conversion, option,
privilege or subscription right or any other right available in connection with any assets at any time held by the Company) or the merger, consolidation, conversion, division, reorganization or other combination of the Company with or into another
entity. 

Section 6.02 Actions of the Manager. The Manager may act through any Officer or through any other Person or Persons
to whom authority and duties have been delegated pursuant to Section 6.07. 

Section 6.03 Resignation; No
Removal. The Manager may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Members. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, the resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the Members, and the acceptance of the resignation shall not
be necessary to make it effective. For the avoidance of doubt, the Members have no right under this Agreement to remove or replace the Manager. 

Section 6.04 Vacancies. Vacancies in the position of Manager occurring for any reason shall be filled by the Corporation (or, if
the Corporation has ceased to exist without any successor or assign, then by the holders of a majority in interest of the voting capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such cessation). For the avoidance of doubt, the Members (other
than the Corporation and its wholly owned Subsidiaries) have no right under this Agreement to fill any vacancy in the position of Manager. 

Section 6.05 Transactions Between Company and Manager. The Manager may cause the Company to contract and deal with the Manager, or
any Affiliate of the Manager, provided such contracts and dealings are on terms comparable to and competitive with those available to the Company from others dealing at arms length or are approved by the Members holding a majority of
the Units (excluding Units held by the Manager and its controlled Affiliates) then outstanding and otherwise are permitted by the Credit Agreement. 

Section 6.06 Reimbursement for Expenses. The Manager shall not be compensated for its services as Manager of the Company except as
expressly provided in this Agreement. The Members acknowledge and agree that the Managers Class A Common Stock is and will continue to be publicly traded and therefore the Manager will have access to the public capital markets and that
such status and the services performed by the Manager will inure to the benefit of the Company and all Members; therefore, the Manager shall be reimbursed by the Company for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, including all fees, expenses and costs of being a public company (including public reporting obligations, proxy statements, stockholder meetings,
stock exchange fees, transfer agent fees, SEC and FINRA filing fees and offering expenses) and maintaining its corporate existence. In the event that (i) shares of Class A Common Stock were sold to underwriters in the IPO or are sold to
underwriters in any public offering after the Effective Time, in each case, at a price per share that is lower than the price per share for which 

30 

such shares of Class A Common Stock are sold to the public in such public offering after taking into account underwriters discounts or commissions and brokers fees or commissions
(such difference, the Discount) and (ii) the proceeds from such public offering are used to fund the Cash Settlement for any Redeemed Units or otherwise contributed to the Company, the Company shall reimburse the
Manager for such Discount by treating such Discount as an additional Capital Contribution made by the Manager to the Company, issuing Common Units in respect of such deemed Capital Contribution in accordance with
Section 11.02, and increasing the Managers Capital Account by the amount of such Discount. To the extent practicable, expenses incurred by the Manager on behalf of or for the benefit of the Company shall be billed
directly to and paid by the Company and, if and to the extent any reimbursements to the Manager or any of its Affiliates by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.06 constitute gross income to such Person (as opposed to the
repayment of advances made by such Person on behalf of the Company), such amounts shall be treated as guaranteed payments within the meaning of Code Section 707(c) and shall not be treated as distributions for purposes of computing
the Members Capital Accounts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not bear any income tax obligations of the Manager or any payments made pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Section 6.07 Delegation of Authority. The Manager (a) may, from time to time, delegate to one or more Persons such authority
and duties as the Manager may deem advisable, and (b) may assign titles (including chief executive officer, president, chief executive officer, chief financial officers, chief operating officer, vice president, secretary, assistant secretary,
treasurer or assistant treasurer) and delegate certain authority and duties to such Persons as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. Any number of titles may be held by the same individual. The salaries or other
compensation, if any, of such agents of the Company shall be fixed from time to time by the Manager, subject to the other provisions in this Agreement. 

Section 6.08 Limitation of Liability of Manager. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein or in an agreement entered into by such Person and the Company, neither the Manager nor
any of the Managers Affiliates nor any of its or their respective officers, employees or other agents shall be liable to the Company, to any Member or to any other Person bound by this Agreement for any act or omission performed or omitted by
the Manager or such Person in its capacity as the sole managing member of the Company, as an Affiliate of the Manager or as an officer, employee or other agent of the Manager or any of its Affiliates, as applicable, pursuant to authority granted to
the Manager by this Agreement; provided, however,that, except as otherwise provided herein, such limitation of liability shall not apply to the extent the act or omission was attributable to the Managers willful
misconduct or knowing violation of Law or for any present or future material breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by the Manager, its Affiliates or its or their respective officers, employees or other agents contained herein or
in the other agreements with the Company. The Manager may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents, and shall not be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent (so long as such agent was selected in good faith and with reasonable care). The Manager, its Affiliates and each of its and their respective officers, employees and other agents shall
be entitled to rely upon the advice of legal counsel, independent public accountants and other experts, including 

31 

financial advisors, as to matters such Person reasonably believes are within such other Persons professional or expert competence and any act of or failure to act by the Manager or such
other Person in good faith reliance on such advice shall in no event subject the Manager or such other Person to liability to the Company or any Member or to any other Person bound by this Agreement. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, whenever this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein
provides that the Manager shall act in a manner which is, or provide terms which are, fair and reasonable to the Company or any Member that is not the Manager, the Manager shall determine such appropriate action or provide such terms
considering, in each case, the relative interests of each party to such agreement, transaction or situation and the benefits and burdens relating to such interests, any customary or accepted industry practices, and any applicable United States
generally accepted accounting practices or principles, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any agreement contemplated herein or applicable provisions of Law or equity or otherwise. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any
agreement contemplated herein or applicable provisions of Law or equity or otherwise, whenever in this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein, the Manager is permitted or required to take any action or to make a decision in its
sole discretion or discretion, with complete discretion, with its approval or consent or under a grant of similar authority or latitude, the Manager shall be entitled to consider such
interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company, other Members or any other Person. 

(d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or in any
agreement contemplated herein or applicable provisions of law or equity or otherwise, (i) whenever in this Agreement the Manager is permitted or required to take any action or to make a decision in good faith or under another
express standard, the Manager shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standards imposed by this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein, and (ii) so long as the Manager acts in good
faith or in accordance with such other express standard, the resolution, action or terms so made, taken or provided by the Manager shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement or impose liability upon the Manager, any of the Managers
Affiliates or any of its or their respective officers, employees or other agents and shall be deemed approved by all Members. 

Section 6.09 Investment Company Act. The Manager shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Company shall not be subject to
registration as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. 

32 

Section 6.10 Outside Activities of the Manager. The Manager shall not, directly
or indirectly, enter into or conduct any business or operations, other than in connection with (a) the ownership, acquisition and disposition of Common Units, (b) the management of the business and affairs of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, (c) the operation of the Manager as a reporting company with a class (or classes) of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and listed on a securities exchange, (d) the offering, sale, syndication,
private placement or public offering of stock, bonds, securities or other interests, (e) financing or refinancing of any type related to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their assets or activities, and (f) such activities as are incidental
to the foregoing; provided, however,that, except as otherwise provided herein, the net proceeds of any sale of Equity Securities of the Corporation pursuant to the preceding clauses (d) and (e) shall be made available to
the Company as Capital Contributions and the proceeds of any other financing raised by the Manager pursuant to the preceding clauses (d) and (e) shall be made available to the Company as loans or otherwise as appropriate and, provided
further,that the Manager may, in its sole and absolute discretion, from time to time hold or acquire assets in its own name or otherwise other than through the Company and its Subsidiaries so long as the Manager takes all necessary
measures to ensure that the economic benefits and burdens of such assets are otherwise vested in the Company or its Subsidiaries, through assignment, mortgage loan or otherwise. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to prohibit the Manager from
executing any guarantee of indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

Section 6.11 Standard of Care. Except to the
extent otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Manager shall, in connection with the performance of its duties in its capacity as the Manager, have the same fiduciary duties to the Company and the Members as would be owed to a Delaware
corporation and its stockholders by its directors, and shall be entitled to the benefit of the same presumptions in carrying out such duties as would be afforded to a director of a Delaware corporation (as such duties and presumptions are defined,
described and explained under the Laws of the State of Delaware as in effect from time to time). The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities of the Manager
otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Members to replace, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, such other duties and liabilities of the Manager. Further, the provisions of this Article VI and any other exculpation
or indemnification provisions of this Agreement do not restore or create, whether in contract or otherwise, any such duties or liabilities. 

ARTICLE VII 

RIGHTS AND
OBLIGATIONS OF MEMBERS 

Section 7.01 Limitation of Liability and Duties of Members; Investment Opportunities. 

(a) Except as provided in this Agreement or in the Delaware Act, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether
arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company and neither any Member nor the Manager shall be obligated personally for any such debts, obligations, contracts or liabilities of the
Company solely by reason of being a Member or the Manager; provided that, in the case of the Manager, this sentence shall not in any manner limit the liability of the Manager to the Company or any Member (other than the Manager) attributable
to a breach by the Manager of any obligations of the Manager under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the failure of the Company to observe any formalities or
requirements relating to the exercise of its powers or management of its business and affairs under this Agreement or the Delaware Act shall not be grounds for imposing personal liability on the Members or the Manager for liabilities of the Company.

33 

(b) In accordance with the Delaware Act and the laws of the State of
Delaware, a Member may, under certain circumstances, be required to return amounts previously distributed to such Member. It is the intent of the Members that no Distribution to any Member pursuant to Article IV shall be deemed a return of
money or other property paid or distributed in violation of the Delaware Act. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the payment of any such money or Distribution of any such property to a Member shall be deemed to be a compromise within the
meaning of Section 18-502(b) of the Delaware Act that shall not require the consent of any other Member, and any Member receiving any such money or property shall not be required to return any such money
or property to the Company or any other Person, unless such Distribution was made by the Company to such Member in clerical error. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any
Member is obligated to make any such payment, such obligation shall be the obligation of such Member and not of the Company or any other Member. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, including
Section 18-1101(c) of the Delaware Act, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (but subject, and without limitation, to Section 6.08 with respect to the
Manager) or in any agreement contemplated herein or applicable provisions of Law or equity or otherwise, the parties hereto hereby agree that to the extent that any Member (other than the Manager in its capacity as such) (or such Members
Affiliate or any manager, managing member, general partner, director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of any Member or of any Affiliate of such Member (each Person described in this parenthetical, a Related
Person)) has duties (including fiduciary duties) to the Company, to the Manager, to another Member, to any Person who acquires an interest in a Unit or to any other Person bound by this Agreement, all such duties (including fiduciary
duties) are hereby eliminated, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, and replaced with the duties or standards expressly set forth herein, if any; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual
covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The elimination of duties (including fiduciary duties) to the Company, the Manager, each of the Members, each other Person who acquires an interest in a Unit and each other Person bound by this Agreement and
replacement thereof with the duties or standards expressly set forth herein, if any, are approved by the Company, the Manager, each of the Members, each other Person who acquires an interest in a Unit and each other Person bound by this Agreement.

(d) Notwithstanding any duty (including any fiduciary duty) otherwise applicable at law or in equity, the doctrine of
corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, will not apply to any Member (including the Manager) or to any Related Person of such Member, and no Member (or any Related Person of such Member) that acquires knowledge of a potential transaction,
agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Company or the Members will have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Company or the Members, or to develop any particular investment, and such Person will
not be liable to the Company or the Members for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that such Person pursues or acquires 

34 

for, or directs such opportunity to, another Person or does not communicate such investment opportunity to the Members. Notwithstanding any duty (including any fiduciary duty) otherwise
applicable at law or in equity, neither the Company nor any Member has any rights or obligations by virtue of this Agreement or the relationships created hereby in or to such independent ventures or the income or profits or losses derived therefrom,
and the pursuit of any such ventures outside the Company, even if competitive with the activities of the Company or the Members, will not be deemed wrongful or improper. 

Section 7.02 Lack of Authority. No Member, other than the Manager or a duly appointed Officer, in each case in its capacity as
such, has the authority or power to act for or on behalf of the Company, to do any act that would be binding on the Company or to make any expenditure on behalf of the Company. In addition, the Members shall not have any voting rights under the
Delaware Act to approve any actions of the Company. The Members hereby consent to the exercise by the Manager of the powers conferred on them by Law and this Agreement. 

Section 7.03 No Right of Partition. No Member, other than the Manager, shall have the right to seek or obtain partition by court
decree or operation of Law of any Company property, or the right to own or use particular or individual assets of the Company. 

Section 7.04 Indemnification. 

(a) Subject to Section 5.05, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless any Person (each an
Indemnified Person) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law (including as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, substituted or replaced but, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, in the
case of any such amendment, substitution or replacement only to the extent that such amendment, substitution or replacement permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than such Law permitted the Company to provide immediately
prior to such amendment, substitution or replacement), against all expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, excise taxes or penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such
Person by reason of the fact that such Person is or was a Member or an Affiliate thereof (other than as a result of an ownership interest in the Corporation) or is or was serving as the Manager or a director, officer, employee or other agent of the
Manager, or a director, manager, Officer, employee or other agent of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a manager, officer, director, principal, member, employee or agent of another Person; provided, however,
that no Indemnified Person shall be indemnified for any expenses, liabilities and losses suffered that are attributable to such Indemnified Persons or its Affiliates bad faith, willful misconduct or knowing violation of Law or for any
present or future breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by such Indemnified Person or its Affiliates contained herein or in the other agreements with the Company. Reasonable expenses, including out-of-pocket attorneys fees, incurred by any such Indemnified Person in defending a proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding, including any appeal
therefrom, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. 

35 

(b) The right to indemnification and the advancement of expenses conferred
in this Section 7.04 shall not be exclusive of any other right which any Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, agreement, bylaw, action by the Manager or otherwise. 

(c) The Company shall maintain directors and officers liability insurance, or substantially equivalent insurance,
at its expense, to protect any Indemnified Person (and the investment funds, if any, they represent) against any expense, liability or loss described in Section 7.04(a) whether or not the Company would have the power to
indemnify such Indemnified Person against such expense, liability or loss under the provisions of this Section 7.04. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase and maintain property, casualty and
liability insurance in types and at levels customary for companies of similar size engaged in similar lines of business, as determined in good faith by the Manager, and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase
directors and officers liability insurance (including employment practices coverage) with a carrier and in an amount determined necessary or desirable as determined in good faith by the Manager. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary (including in this Section 7.04), the
Company agrees that any indemnification and advancement of expenses available to any current or former Indemnified Person from any investment fund that is an Affiliate of the Company who served as a director of the Company or as a Member of the
Company by virtue of such Persons service as a member, director, partner or employee of any such fund prior to or following the Effective Time (any such Person, a Sponsor Person) shall be secondary to the
indemnification and advancement of expenses to be provided by the Company pursuant to this Section 7.04 which shall be provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only and no Member (unless such Member otherwise
agrees in writing or is found in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction to have personal liability on account thereof) shall have personal liability on account thereof or shall be required to make additional Capital Contributions to
help satisfy such indemnity of the Company and the Company (i) shall be the primary indemnitor of first resort for such Sponsor Person pursuant to this Section 7.04 and (ii) shall be fully responsible for the
advancement of all expenses and the payment of all damages or liabilities with respect to such Sponsor Person which are addressed by this Section 7.04. 

(e) If this Section 7.04 or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of
competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Person pursuant to this Section 7.04 to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this
Section 7.04 that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 

36 

Section 7.05 Members Right to Act. For matters that require the approval of the
Members, the Members shall act through meetings and written consents as described in paragraphs (a) and (b) below: 

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement, acts by the Supermajority Members, voting together as a single
class, shall be the acts of the Members. Any Member entitled to vote at a meeting of Members may authorize another person or persons to act for it by proxy. An electronic mail or similar transmission by the Member, or a photographic, photostatic or
similar reproduction of a writing executed by the Member shall (if stated thereon) be treated as a proxy executed in writing for purposes of this Section 7.05(a). No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after eleven months
from the date thereof, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be revocable unless the proxy form conspicuously states that the proxy is irrevocable and that the proxy is coupled with an interest. Should a proxy designate two or
more Persons to act as proxies, unless that instrument shall provide to the contrary, a majority of such Persons present at any meeting at which their powers thereunder are to be exercised shall have and may exercise all the powers of voting or
giving consents thereby conferred, or, if only one be present, then such powers may be exercised by that one; or, if an even number attend and a majority do not agree on any particular issue, the Company shall not be required to recognize such proxy
with respect to such issue if such proxy does not specify how the votes that are the subject of such proxy are to be voted with respect to such issue. 

(b) The actions by the Members permitted hereunder may be taken at a meeting called by the Manager or by the Supermajority
Members on at least 48 hours prior written notice to the other Members entitled to vote, which notice shall state the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is being called. The actions taken by the Members entitled to vote or consent at
any meeting (as opposed to by written consent), however called and noticed, shall be as valid as though taken at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice if (but not until), either before, at or after the meeting, the Members entitled to
vote or consent as to whom it was improperly held signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to the holding of such meeting or an approval of the minutes thereof. The actions by the Members entitled to vote or consent may be taken by vote of the
Members entitled to vote or consent at a meeting or by written consent, so long as such consent is signed by Members having not less than the minimum number of Units that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all
Members entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the action so taken, which shall state the purpose or purposes for which such consent is required and may be delivered via email, without a meeting shall be given to those
Members entitled to vote or consent who have not consented in writing; provided, however,that the failure to give any such notice shall not affect the validity of the action taken by such written consent. Any action taken
pursuant to such written consent of the Members shall have the same force and effect as if taken by the Members at a meeting thereof. 

Section 7.06 Inspection Rights. The Company shall permit each Member that holds greater than 1% of the outstanding Common Units as
of the applicable time of determination and each of its designated representatives to (a) visit and inspect any of the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, all at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice, (b) examine the
corporate and financial records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and make copies thereof or extracts therefrom and (c) consult with the managers, officers, employees and independent accountants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
concerning the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The presentation of an executed copy of this Agreement by such Member holding greater than 1% of the outstanding Common Units as of the applicable time of
determination to the Companys independent accountants shall constitute the Companys permission to its independent accountants to participate in discussions with such Persons and their respective designated representatives. 

37 

ARTICLE VIII 

BOOKS, RECORDS, ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS, AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 8.01 Records and Accounting. The Company shall keep, or cause to be kept, appropriate books and records with respect to
the Companys business, including all books and records necessary to provide any information, lists and copies of documents required to be provided pursuant to applicable Laws. All matters concerning (a) the determination of the relative
amount of allocations and Distributions among the Members pursuant to Articles III and IV and (b) accounting procedures and determinations, and other determinations not specifically and expressly provided for by the terms of this
Agreement, shall be determined by the Manager, whose determination shall be final and conclusive as to all of the Members absent manifest clerical error. 

Section 8.02 Fiscal Year. The Fiscal Year of the Company shall end on December 31 of each year or such other date as may be
established by the Manager; provided that the Company shall have the same Fiscal Year for accounting purposes as its Taxable Year for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

ARTICLE IX 

TAX MATTERS 

Section 9.01 Preparation of Tax Returns. The Manager shall arrange, at the Companys expense, for the preparation and timely
filing of all tax returns required to be filed by the Company. On or before March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each Taxable Year, the Company shall send to each Person who was a Member at any time during the
prior quarter, an estimate of such Members state tax apportionment information and allocations to the Members of taxable income, gains, losses, deductions and credits for the prior quarter, which estimate shall have been reviewed by the
Companys outside tax accountants. For so long as any Member owns 10% or more of the outstanding Common Units as of the applicable time of determination, the Company shall (a) send a draft of any income tax return of the Company to such
Member, at least fifteen days prior to filing, for review and comment, and (b) consider in good faith all reasonable comments received from such Member at least five days prior to the due date for the filing of any such tax return. In addition,
no later than August 1 of the following Taxable Year, the Company shall send to each Person who was a Member at any time during such Taxable Year, a statement showing such Members (A) final state tax apportionment information, and
(B) a completed IRS Schedule K-1. The Company shall endeavor in good faith to provide all other information reasonably requested and necessary for the preparation of such Persons U.S. federal (and
applicable state and local) income tax returns. Each Member shall notify the Company, and the Company shall take reasonable efforts to notify each of the other Members, upon receipt of any notice of tax examination of the Company by U.S. federal,
state or local authorities. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in its capacity as Partnership Representative, the Corporation shall have the authority to prepare the tax returns of the Company using the elections set forth in
Section 9.02 and such other permissible methods and elections as it determines in its reasonable discretion. 

38 

Section 9.02 Tax Elections. The Company and any eligible Subsidiary shall make
an election pursuant to Section 754 of the Code and shall not thereafter revoke such election. In addition, the Company (and any eligible Subsidiary) shall make the following elections on the appropriate forms or tax returns: 

(a) to adopt the calendar year as the Companys Taxable Year, if permitted under the Code; 

(b) to adopt the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and 

(c) to elect to amortize the organizational expenses of the Company as permitted by Code Section 709(b). 

Each Member will upon request supply any information reasonably necessary to give proper effect to any such elections. 

Section 9.03 Tax Controversies. 

(a) The Corporation shall be designated and may, on behalf of the Company, at any time, and without further notice to or
consent from any Member, act as the partnership representative of the Company, within the meaning given to such term in Section 6223 of the Code and any corresponding or similar role for relevant state and local tax purposes (the
Corporation, in such capacity, the Partnership Representative). For any period in which the Partnership Representative is not a natural person, the Partnership Representative shall designate a designated
individual in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 301.6223-1(b)(3)(i). The Company and the Members (including any Member designated as the Partnership Representative prior to the date
hereof) shall reasonably cooperate with each other and shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Manager (or any Person subsequently designated) to become the Partnership Representative with respect to any taxable period of the Company
beginning at or after the Effective Time, including (as applicable) by filing certifications pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 301.6231(a)(7)-1(d). The Partnership Representative may retain, at the
Companys expense, such outside counsel, accountants and other professional consultants as it may reasonably deem necessary in the course of fulfilling its obligations as the Partnership Representative. Subject to the other terms of this
Agreement, the Partnership Representative is authorized to take such actions and execute and file all statements and forms on behalf of the Company that are approved by the Manager and are permitted or required by the applicable provisions of the
Partnership Audit Provisions. The Partnership Representative will have discretion to determine whether the Company (either in its own behalf or on behalf of the Members) will contest or continue to contest any tax deficiencies assessed or proposed
to be assessed by any taxing authority. Each Member agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Partnership Representative and to use commercially reasonable efforts to do or refrain from doing any or all things requested by the Partnership
Representative (including paying any and all resulting taxes, additions to tax, penalties and interest in a timely fashion) in connection with any examination of the Companys affairs by any U.S. federal, state, or local tax authorities,
including resulting 

39 

administrative and judicial proceedings. Any deficiency for taxes imposed on any Member (including penalties, additions to tax or interest imposed with respect to such taxes) will be paid by such
Member, and if required to be paid (and actually paid) by the Company, will be recoverable from such Member as provided in Section 5.06. The Partnership Representative shall be entitled to cause the Company to elect the
application of Section 6226 of the Code with respect to any imputed underpayment or make any other decision or election, or take any action pursuant to Sections 6221 through 6235 and 6241 of the Code. The Partnership Representative shall keep
the Members reasonably informed of any material audit or administrative or judicial proceedings and any decisions or elections described in the previous sentence that are material in nature. The Company shall reimburse the Partnership Representative
for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Partnership Representative, including reasonable fees of any professional attorneys, in carrying
out its duties as the Partnership Representative. In the event that the Manager determines that the foregoing provisions are no longer applicable to the Company, either due to a change of controlling law or the enactment of applicable Treasury
Regulations, the Manager is authorized to take any reasonable actions as may be required concerning tax matters of the Company not otherwise addressed in this Section 9.03(a). The provisions of this
Section 9.03(a) shall survive the termination of any Members interest in the Company, the termination of this Agreement and the termination of the Company and shall remain binding on each Member for the period of time
necessary to resolve with any applicable taxing authority any income tax matters relating to the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Partnership Representative shall not settle any tax controversy that would reasonably be
expected to have a disproportionate and adverse impact on any Member (or subset of Members) without the prior written consent of such Member (or subset of Members), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

ARTICLE X 

RESTRICTIONS ON
TRANSFER OF UNITS 

Section 10.01 Transfers by Members. No holder of Units may Transfer any interest in any Units, except
Transfers (a) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 10.02 or (b) approved in writing by the Manager. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Transfer shall not include a transfer that occurs by operation
of applicable state law but does not terminate the existence of such Member under applicable state law (or, in the case of a trust that is a Member, does not terminate the trusteeship of the fiduciaries under such trust with respect to all the
Company Interests of such trust that is a Member). 

Section 10.02 Permitted Transfers. Subject to Section 10.07, the
restrictions contained in Section 10.01 shall not apply to any Transfer (each, a Permitted Transfer) (i) by a Member to an Affiliate of such Member, (ii) by a Member to an investment vehicle
wholly-owned and controlled by such Member and/or such Members family members, (iii) by the Corporation to the holders of equity interests in the Corporation in connection with the dissolution of the Corporation, or (iv) pursuant to
a Redemption or Direct Exchange in accordance with Article XI hereof; provided, however,that (A) the restrictions contained in this Agreement will continue to apply to Units after any Permitted Transfer of such
Units and (B) in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), the transferees of the Units so Transferred shall agree in writing to be bound by the 

40 

provisions of this Agreement (to the extent such transferees are not already Members), and the transferor will deliver a written notice to the Company and the Members, which notice will disclose
in reasonable detail the identity of the proposed transferee. In the case of a Permitted Transfer (other than a Redemption or Direct Exchange) by the Corporation of Common Units to a transferee in accordance with this
Section 10.02, the Corporation shall be required to also transfer a number of shares of Class B Common Stock corresponding to the number of such Members (or subsequent transferees) Common Units that were
transferred in the transaction to such transferee; and, in the case of a Redemption or Direct Exchange, a number of shares of Class B Common Stock corresponding to the number of such Members Common Units that were transferred in such
Redemption or Direct Exchange shall be cancelled. All Permitted Transfers are subject to the additional limitations set forth in Section 10.07(b). 

Section 10.03 Restricted Units Legend. The Units have not been registered under the Securities Act and, therefore, in addition to
the other restrictions on Transfer contained in this Agreement, cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is then available. To the extent such Units have been certificated, each
certificate evidencing Units and each certificate issued in exchange for or upon the Transfer of any Units (if such securities remain Units as defined herein after such Transfer) shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially
the following form: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ORIGINALLY ISSUED ON JANUARY 30, 2025, AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933(THE ACT), AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SPECIFIED IN THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC AND INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC RESERVES THE RIGHT TO
REFUSE THE TRANSFER OF SUCH SECURITIES UNTIL SUCH CONDITIONS HAVE BEEN FULFILLED WITH RESPECT TO ANY TRANSFER. A COPY OF SUCH CONDITIONS SHALL BE FURNISHED BY INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC TO THE HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT
CHARGE. 

The Company shall imprint such legend on certificates (if any) evidencing Units. The legend set forth above shall be removed from the
certificates (if any) evidencing any units which cease to be Units in accordance with the definition thereof. 

Section 10.04
Transfer. Prior to Transferring any Units (other than (a) in connection with a Redemption or Direct Exchange in accordance with Article XI or (b) pursuant to a Change of Control Transaction), the Transferring holder of Units
shall cause the prospective transferee to be bound by this Agreement and any other agreements executed by the holders of Units and relating to such Units in the aggregate (collectively, the Other Agreements), and shall
cause the prospective transferee to execute and deliver to the Company and the other holders of Units a Joinder (or other counterpart to this Agreement acceptable to the Manager) and counterparts of any applicable Other Agreements. Any Transfer or
attempted Transfer of any Units in violation of any provision of this Agreement (including any prohibited indirect Transfers) (a) shall be void, and (b) the Company shall not record such Transfer on its books or treat any purported
transferee of such Units as the owner of such securities for any purpose. 

41 

Section 10.05 Assignees Rights. 

(a) The Transfer of a Company Interest in accordance with this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of its assignment
(assuming compliance with all of the conditions to such Transfer set forth herein), and such Transfer shall be shown on the books and records of the Company. Profits, Losses and other Company items shall be allocated between the transferor and the
Assignee according to Code Section 706, using any permissible method as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Manager. Distributions made before the effective date of such Transfer shall be paid to the transferor, and Distributions
made after such date shall be paid to the Assignee. 

(b) Unless and until an Assignee becomes a Member pursuant to
Article XII, the Assignee shall not be entitled to any of the rights granted to a Member hereunder or under applicable Law, other than the rights granted specifically to Assignees pursuant to this Agreement; provided,
however,that, without relieving the transferring Member from any such limitations or obligations as more fully described in Section 10.06, such Assignee shall be bound by any limitations and obligations of a
Member contained herein that a Member would be bound on account of the Assignees Company Interest (including the obligation to make Capital Contributions on account of such Company Interest). 

Section 10.06 Assignors Rights and Obligations. Any Member who shall Transfer any Company Interest in a manner
in accordance with this Agreement shall cease to be a Member with respect to such Units or other interest and shall no longer have any rights or privileges, or, except as set forth in this Section 10.06, duties, liabilities or
obligations, of a Member with respect to such Units or other interest (it being understood, however, that the applicable provisions of Section 6.08, Section 7.01 and
Section 7.04 shall continue to inure to such Persons benefit), except that unless and until the Assignee (if not already a Member) is admitted as a Substituted Member in accordance with the provisions of Article
XII (the Admission Date), (a) such assigning Member shall retain all of the duties, liabilities and obligations of a Member with respect to such Units or other interest, and (b) the Manager may, in its sole
discretion, reinstate all or any portion of the rights and privileges of such Member with respect to such Units or other interest for any period of time prior to the Admission Date. Nothing contained herein shall relieve any Member who Transfers any
Units or other interest in the Company from any liability of such Member to the Company with respect to such Company Interest that may exist on the Admission Date or that is otherwise specified in the Delaware Act and incorporated into this
Agreement or for any liability to the Company or any other Person for any materially false statement made by such Member (in its capacity as such) or for any present or future breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by such Member
(in its capacity as such) contained herein or in the other agreements with the Company. 

42 

Section 10.07 Overriding Provisions. 

(a) Any Transfer in violation of this Article X shall be null and void ab initio, and the provisions of
Sections 10.05 and 10.06 shall not apply to any such Transfers. For the avoidance of doubt, any Person to whom a Transfer is made or attempted in violation of this Article X shall not become a Member, shall
not be entitled to vote on any matters coming before the Members and shall not have any other rights in or with respect to any rights of a Member of the Company. The approval of any Transfer in any one or more instances shall not limit or waive the
requirement for such approval in any other or future instance. The Manager shall promptly amend the Schedule of Members to reflect any Permitted Transfer pursuant to this Article X. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of
Section 10.01, Section 10.02 and Article XI and Article XII), in no event shall any Member Transfer any Units to the extent such Transfer would: 

(i) result in the violation of the Securities Act, or any other applicable U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. Laws; 

(ii) subject the Company to registration as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act; 

(iii) in the reasonable determination of the Manager, be a violation of or a default (or an
event that, with notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in an acceleration of any indebtedness under, any promissory note, mortgage, loan agreement, indenture or similar instrument or agreement to which the
Company or the Manager is a party; provided that the payee or creditor to whom the Company or the Manager owes such obligation is not an Affiliate of the Company or the Manager; 

(iv) in the reasonable determination of the Manager, cause the Company to lose its status as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes or, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, cause the Company to be treated as a publicly traded partnership or to be taxed as a corporation pursuant to Section 7704 of the Code and any applicable
Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, or any successor provision of the Code; 

(v) be a Transfer to a Person who is not
legally competent or who has not achieved his or her majority under applicable Law (excluding trusts for the benefit of minors); or 

(vi) in the reasonable determination of the Manager, result in the Company having more than one hundred (100) partners,
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(1) (determined pursuant to the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)).

43 

ARTICLE XI 

REDEMPTION AND EXCHANGE RIGHTS 

Section 11.01 Redemption Right of a Member. 

(a) Each Member (other than the Corporation and its wholly owned Subsidiaries) shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem
(a Redemption) all or any portion of its Common Units (the Redemption Right) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 11.01. A Member
desiring to exercise its Redemption Right (the Redeemed Member) shall exercise such right by giving written notice (the Redemption Notice) to the Company with a copy to the Corporation on or before
the applicable Redemption Notice Date. The Redemption Notice shall specify the number of Common Units (the Redeemed Units) that the Redeemed Member intends to have the Company redeem on the applicable Redemption Date.
Except as provided in Section 11.01(b) or (c), upon delivery of any Redemption Notice by any Member on or before any Redemption Notice Date, such Member may not revoke or rescind such Redemption Notice after such
Redemption Notice Date. Any Redemption Notice delivered for a Redemption on a Regular Redemption Date may not be contingent. Any Redemption Notice delivered for a Redemption on a Special Redemption Date may be made contingent on the consummation of
the Registered Offering or other transaction described in the notice of the Manager specifying such Special Redemption Date. Any notice by any Member pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement to demand or participate in any Registered Offering
shall be deemed to constitute a Redemption Notice for the related Special Redemption Date. Unless the Redeemed Member timely has delivered a Retraction Notice as provided in Section 11.01(b) or has delayed a Redemption as
provided in Section 11.01(c) or the Corporation has elected to effect a Direct Exchange as provided in Section 11.03, on the Redemption Date (to be effective immediately prior to the close of
business on the Redemption Date) (i) the Redeemed Member shall transfer and surrender the Redeemed Units to the Company and a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock to the Corporation, in each case free and clear of all
liens and encumbrances, (ii) the Company shall (x) cancel the Redeemed Units, (y) transfer to the Redeemed Member the consideration to which the Redeemed Member is entitled under Section 11.01(b), and
(z) if the Common Units are certificated, issue to the Redeemed Member a certificate for a number of Common Units equal to the difference (if any) between the number of Common Units evidenced by the certificate surrendered by the Redeemed
Member pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 11.01(a) and the Redeemed Units and (iii) the Corporation shall cancel such shares of Class B Common Stock. 

(b) In exchange for its Redeemed Units, a Redeemed Member shall be entitled to receive the Share Settlement or, at the
Companys election, the Cash Settlement from the Company. Within two (2) Business Days of the Redemption Notice Date, the Company shall give written notice (the Settlement Method Notice) to the Redeemed Member
(with a copy to the Corporation) of its intended settlement method; provided that if the Company does not timely deliver a Settlement Method Notice, the Company shall be deemed to have elected the Share Settlement method. The Redeemed Member
may retract its Redemption Notice by giving written notice (the Retraction Notice) to the Company (with a copy to the Corporation) at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day after delivery of
the Settlement Method Notice. The timely delivery of a Retraction Notice shall terminate all of the Redeemed Members, the Companys and the Corporations rights and obligations under this Section 11.01
arising from the retracted Redemption Notice. 

44 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
Section 11.01(a) or (b), in the event the Company elects a Share Settlement in connection with a Redemption, a Redeemed Member shall be entitled, at any time prior to the consummation of a Redemption, to revoke its
Redemption Notice or delay the consummation of a Redemption if any of the following conditions exists: (i) any registration statement pursuant to which the resale of the Class A Common Stock to be registered for such Redeemed Member at or
immediately following the consummation of the Redemption shall have ceased to be effective pursuant to any action or inaction by the SEC or no such resale registration statement has yet become effective; (ii) the Corporation shall have failed
to cause any related prospectus to be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement necessary to effect such Redemption; (iii) the Corporation shall have exercised its right to defer, delay or suspend the filing or effectiveness of a
registration statement and such deferral, delay or suspension shall affect the ability of such Redeemed Member to have the resale of its Class A Common Stock registered at or immediately following the consummation of the Redemption;
(iv) the Corporation shall have disclosed to such Redeemed Member any material non-public information concerning the Corporation, the receipt of which results in such Redeemed Member being prohibited or
restricted from selling Class A Common Stock at or immediately following the Redemption without disclosure of such information (and the Corporation does not permit disclosure); (v) any stop order relating to the registration statement pursuant
to which the Class A Common Stock was to be registered by such Redeemed Member at or immediately following the Redemption shall have been issued by the SEC; (vi) there shall have occurred a material disruption in the securities markets
generally or in the market or markets in which the Class A Common Stock is then traded; (vii) there shall be in effect an injunction, a restraining order or a decree of any nature of any Governmental Entity that restrains or prohibits the
Redemption; (viii) the Corporation shall have failed to comply in all material respects with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, and such failure shall have affected the ability of such Redeemed Member to consummate the
resale of Class A Common Stock to be received upon such redemption pursuant to an effective registration statement; or (ix) the Redemption Date would occur three (3) Business Days or less prior to, or during, a Black-Out Period; provided further,that in no event shall the Redeemed Member seeking to delay the consummation of such Redemption and relying on any of the matters contemplated in clauses
(i) through (ix) above have controlled or intentionally materially influenced any facts, circumstances, or Persons in connection therewith (except in the good faith performance of his or her duties as an officer or director of the Corporation)
in order to provide such Redeemed Member with a basis for such delay or revocation. If a Redeemed Member delays the consummation of a Redemption pursuant to this Section 11.01(c), (A) the Redemption Date shall occur on the
third Business Day following the date on which the conditions giving rise to such delay cease to exist (or such earlier day as the Corporation, the Company and such Redeemed Member may agree in writing) and (B) notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in Section 7.01(b), the Redeemed Member may retract its Redemption Notice by giving a Retraction Notice to the Company (with a copy to the Corporation) at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
second Business Day following the date on which the conditions giving rise to such delay cease to exist. 

45 

(d) Unless otherwise approved in advance by the Manager, each Members
Redemption Right shall be subject to the following limitations and qualifications: 

(i) except (A) Redemptions pre-approved by the Manager, including Redemptions in connection with Rule 10b5-1 plans previously approved by the Manager, and (B) as otherwise provided herein,
Redemptions shall only be permitted on a Redemption Date; 

(ii) a Redeemed Member shall only be permitted to redeem less
than all of its Common Units if (A) prior to such Redemption it holds at least 50,000 Units and (B) it redeems not less than 50,000 Common Units in such Redemption; and 

(iii) any Redemption of Common Units issued after the date hereof (other than in connection with any recapitalization),
including such Common Units issued to Members as of the date hereof, may be limited in accordance with the terms of any agreements or instruments entered into in connection with such issuance, as deemed necessary or desirable in the discretion of
the Manager. 

(e) The amount of the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement that a Redeemed Member is entitled to receive
under Section 11.01(b) shall not be adjusted on account of any Distributions previously made with respect to the Redeemed Units or dividends previously paid with respect to Class A Common Stock; provided,
however,that if a Redeemed Member causes the Company to redeem Redeemed Units and the Redemption Date occurs subsequent to the record date for any Distribution with respect to the Redeemed Units but prior to payment of such Distribution,
the Redeemed Member shall be entitled to receive such Distribution with respect to the Redeemed Units on the date that it is made notwithstanding that the Redeemed Member transferred and surrendered the Redeemed Units to the Company prior to such
date. 

(f) In the event of a distribution (by dividend or otherwise) by the Corporation to all holders of Class A
Common Stock of evidences of its indebtedness, securities, or other assets (including Equity Securities of the Corporation), but excluding any cash dividend or distribution of any such assets received by the Corporation in respect of its Units, then
in exchange for its Redeemed Units, a Redeemed Member shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the consideration set forth in Section 11.01(b), the amount of such security, securities or other property that the Redeemed
Member would have received if such Redemption Right had been exercised and the Redemption Date had occurred immediately prior to the record date or effective time of any such transaction, taking into account any adjustment as a result of any
subdivision (by any split, distribution or dividend, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of such security, securities or other property
that occurs after such record date or effective time. For the avoidance of doubt, subsequent to any such transaction, this Article XI shall apply mutatis mutandis with respect to any such security, securities or other property received
by holders of Class A Common Stock in such transaction. 

46 

(g) If a Reclassification Event occurs, the Manager or its successor, as the
case may be, shall, as and to the extent necessary, amend this Agreement in compliance with Section 16.03, and enter into any necessary supplementary or additional agreements, to ensure that, following the effective date of
the Reclassification Event: (i) the rights of holders of Common Units (other than the Corporation and its wholly owned Subsidiaries) set forth in this Section 11.01 provide that each Common Unit is redeemable for the
same amount and same type of property, securities or cash (or combination thereof) that one share of Class A Common Stock becomes exchangeable for or converted into as a result of the Reclassification Event (taking into account any adjustment
as a result of any subdivision (by any split, distribution or dividend, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of such security, securities
or other property that occurs after the record date or effective time for such Reclassification Event) and (ii) the Corporation or the successor to the Corporation, as applicable, is obligated to deliver such property, securities or cash upon
such redemption. The Corporation shall not consummate or agree to consummate any Reclassification Event unless the successor Person, if any, becomes obligated to comply with the obligations of the Corporation (in whatever capacity) under this
Agreement. 

(h) In connection with a Manager Change of Control, the Corporation shall have the right to require each Member
(other than the Corporation and its wholly owned Subsidiaries) to effect a Redemption of some or all of such Members Common Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock. Any Redemption pursuant to this
Section 11.01(h) shall be effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Manager Change of Control (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be effective if such Manager Change of Control is not consummated) (the
Change of Control Redemption Date). From and after the Change of Control Redemption Date, (i) the Common Units and shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Redemption shall be deemed to be transferred to the
Corporation on the Change of Control Redemption Date and (ii) such Member shall cease to have any rights with respect to the Common Units and shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Redemption (other than the right to receive shares
of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such Redemption). The Corporation shall provide written notice of an expected Manager Change of Control to all Members within the earlier of (x) five (5) Business Days following the execution of the
agreement with respect to such Manager Change of Control and (y) ten (10) Business Days before the proposed date upon which the contemplated Manager Change of Control is to be effected, indicating in such notice such information as may
reasonably describe the Manager Change of Control transaction, subject to applicable law, including the date of execution of such agreement or such proposed effective date, as applicable, the amount and types of consideration to be paid for shares
of Class A Common Stock in the Manager Change of Control, any election with respect to types of consideration that a holder of shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, shall be entitled to make in connection with such Manager Change
of Control, and the number of Common Units and shares of Class B Common Stock held by such Member that the Corporation intends to require to be subject to such Redemption. Following delivery of such notice and on or prior to the Change of
Control Redemption Date, the Members shall take all actions reasonably requested by the Corporation to effect such Redemption, including taking any action and delivering any document required pursuant to Section 11.01(a) to
effect a Redemption. 

47 

(i) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, but subject to
Section 11.01(d), a Specified Member may exercise its Redemption Right with respect to all or at least 5,000,000 of its Common Units (as adjusted for any Unit splits, combinations, subdivisions, reclassifications or similar
actions or events) at any time. 

(j) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not effect a
Redemption in connection with this Section 11.01 if effecting such Redemption would violate Section 18-607 or Section 18-804 of the
Delaware Act. 

Section 11.02 Contribution of the Corporation. Subject to Section 11.03, in
connection with the exercise of a Redeemed Members Redemption Rights under Section 11.01(a), the Corporation shall contribute to the Company the consideration the Redeemed Member is entitled to receive under
Section 11.01(b). Unless the Redeemed Member has timely delivered a Retraction Notice as provided in Section 11.01(b) or has delayed a Redemption as provided in Section 11.01(c), or the
Corporation has elected to effect a Direct Exchange as provided in Section 11.03, on the Redemption Date (to be effective immediately prior to the close of business on the Redemption Date) (a) the Corporation shall make its Capital
Contribution to the Company (in the form of the Share Settlement or the Cash Settlement) required under this Section 11.02, and (b) the Company shall issue to the Corporation a number of Common Units equal to the
number of Redeemed Units surrendered by the Redeemed Member. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Company elects a Cash Settlement, the Corporation shall only be obligated to contribute to the
Company an amount in respect of such Cash Settlement equal to the net proceeds (after deduction of any underwriters discounts or commissions and brokers fees or commissions) from the sale by the Corporation of a number of shares of
Class A Common Stock equal to the number of Redeemed Units to be redeemed with such Cash Settlement; provided that the Corporations Capital Account shall be increased by an amount equal to any such discounts, commissions and fees
relating to such sale of shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with Section 6.06. 

Section 11.03 Exchange Right of the Corporation. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article XI, the Corporation may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, elect to effect on the Redemption Date the exchange of Redeemed Units for the Share Settlement or Cash Settlement, at the Corporations option, through a direct exchange of such Redeemed Units and such consideration between the
Redeemed Member and the Corporation (a Direct Exchange). Upon such Direct Exchange pursuant to this Section 11.03, the Corporation shall acquire the Redeemed Units and shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as the owner of such Redeemed Units. 

48 

(b) The Corporation may, at any time prior to a Redemption Date, deliver
written notice (an Exchange Election Notice) to the Company and the Redeemed Member setting forth its election to exercise its right to consummate a Direct Exchange; provided that such election does not prejudice the
ability of the parties to consummate a Redemption or Direct Exchange on the Redemption Date. An Exchange Election Notice may be revoked by the Corporation at any time; provided that any such revocation does not prejudice the ability of the
parties to consummate a Redemption on the Redemption Date. The right to consummate a Direct Exchange in all events shall be exercisable for all the Redeemed Units that would have otherwise been subject to a Redemption. Except as otherwise provided
by this Section 11.03, a Direct Exchange shall be consummated pursuant to the same timeframe and in the same manner as the relevant Redemption would have been consummated if the Corporation had not delivered an Exchange
Election Notice. 

Section 11.04 Reservation of Shares of Class A Common Stock; Listing; Certificate of the
Corporation. At all times the Corporation shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange, such number of shares of
Class A Common Stock as shall be issuable upon any such Redemption or Direct Exchange pursuant to Share Settlements; provided that nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude the Corporation from satisfying its obligations in
respect of any such Redemption or Direct Exchange by delivery of purchased Class A Common Stock (which may or may not be held in the treasury of the Corporation) or the delivery of cash pursuant to a Cash Settlement. The Corporation shall
deliver Class A Common Stock that has been registered under the Securities Act with respect to any Redemption or Direct Exchange to the extent a registration statement is effective and available for such shares. The Corporation shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to list the Class A Common Stock required to be delivered upon any such Redemption or Direct Exchange prior to such delivery upon each national securities exchange upon which the outstanding shares of
Class A Common Stock are listed at the time of such Redemption or Direct Exchange (it being understood that any such shares may be subject to transfer restrictions under applicable securities Laws). The Corporation covenants that all
Class A Common Stock issued upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange will, upon issuance, be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The provisions of this Article XI shall be interpreted and
applied in a manner consistent with the corresponding provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation. 

Section 11.05 Effect of Exercise of Redemption or Exchange Right. This Agreement shall continue notwithstanding the consummation
of a Redemption or Direct Exchange and all governance or other rights set forth herein shall be exercised by the remaining Members and the Redeemed Member (to the extent of such Redeemed Members remaining interest in the Company). No
Redemption or Direct Exchange shall relieve such Redeemed Member of any prior breach of this Agreement. 

Section 11.06 Tax
Treatment. Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that a Redemption or a Direct Exchange, as the case may be, shall be treated as a direct exchange between the Corporation and the Redeemed Member
for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes and no party shall take a position inconsistent with such intended tax treatment on any tax return, amendment thereof or any other communication with a taxing authority, in each
case unless otherwise required by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Code. The issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange shall be made without
charge to the Redeemed Member for any stamp or other similar tax in respect of such issuance. 

49 

ARTICLE XII 

ADMISSION OF MEMBERS 

Section 12.01 Substituted Members. Subject to the provisions of Article X, in connection with the Permitted Transfer of a
Company Interest hereunder, the transferee shall become a substituted Member (Substituted Member) on the effective date of such Transfer, which effective date shall not be earlier than the date of compliance with the
conditions to such Transfer, and such admission shall be shown on the books and records of the Company, including the Schedule of Members. 

Section 12.02 Additional Members. Subject to the provisions of Article III and Article X, any Person that is not the
Corporation or any Member as of the date hereof may be admitted to the Company as an additional Member (any such Person, an Additional Member) only upon furnishing to the Manager (a) a Joinder (or other counterpart to
this Agreement acceptable to the Manager) and counterparts of any applicable Other Agreements and (b) such other documents or instruments as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to effect such Persons admission as a Member
(including entering into such documents as the Manager may deem appropriate in its reasonable discretion). Such admission shall become effective on the date on which the Manager determines in its reasonable discretion that such conditions have been
satisfied and when any such admission is shown on the books and records of the Company. 

ARTICLE XIII 

WITHDRAWAL AND RESIGNATION; TERMINATION OF RIGHTS 

Section 13.01 Withdrawal and Resignation of Members. No Member shall have the power or right to withdraw or otherwise resign as a
Member from the Company prior to the dissolution and winding up of the Company pursuant to Article XIV. Any Member, however, that attempts to withdraw or otherwise resign as a Member from the Company without the prior written consent of the
Manager upon or following the dissolution and winding up of the Company pursuant to Article XIV, but prior to such Member receiving the full amount of Distributions from the Company to which such Member is entitled pursuant to Article
XIV, shall be liable to the Company for all damages (including all lost profits and special, indirect and consequential damages) directly or indirectly caused by the withdrawal or resignation of such Member. Upon a Transfer of all of a
Members Units in a Transfer permitted by this Agreement, subject to the provisions of Section 10.06, such Member shall cease to be a Member. 

ARTICLE XIV 

DISSOLUTION AND
LIQUIDATION 

Section 14.01 Dissolution. The Company shall not be dissolved in and of itself by the admission of Additional
Members or Substituted Members or the attempted withdrawal or resignation of a Member. The Company shall dissolve, and its affairs shall be wound up, upon: 

(a) the decision of the Manager together with the Supermajority Members to dissolve the Company; 

(b) a Change of Control Transaction that is not approved by the Supermajority Members; 

50 

(c) a dissolution of the Company under
Section 18-801 (a)(4) of the Delaware Act; or 

(d) the entry of a decree of
judicial dissolution of the Company under Section 18-802 of the Delaware Act. 

Except as otherwise set forth
in this Article XIV, the Company is intended to have perpetual existence. An Event of Withdrawal shall not cause a dissolution of the Company and the Company shall continue in existence subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Section 14.02 Liquidation and Termination. On dissolution of the Company, the Manager shall act as liquidating trustee or may
appoint one or more Persons as liquidating trustee. The liquidating trustees shall proceed diligently to wind up the affairs of the Company and make final distributions as provided herein and in the Delaware Act. The costs of liquidation shall be
borne as a Company expense. Until final distribution, the liquidating trustees shall continue to operate the Company properties with all of the power and authority of the Manager. The steps to be accomplished by the liquidating trustees are as
follows: 

(a) as promptly as possible after dissolution and again after final liquidation, the liquidating trustees shall
cause a proper accounting to be made by a recognized firm of certified public accountants of the Companys assets, liabilities and operations through the last day of the calendar month in which the dissolution occurs or the final liquidation is
completed, as applicable; 

(b) the liquidating trustees shall pay, satisfy or discharge from Company funds, or otherwise
make adequate provision for payment and discharge thereof (including the establishment of a cash fund for contingent liabilities in such amount and for such term as the liquidating trustees may reasonably determine): all of the debts, liabilities
and obligations of the Company (including all expenses incurred in liquidation); and 

(c) all remaining assets of the
Company shall be distributed to the Members in accordance with Article IV by the end of the Taxable Year during which the liquidation of the Company occurs (or, if later, by ninety (90) days after the date of the liquidation or such
other date as reasonably determined by the Manager). The distribution of cash and/or property to the Members in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.02 and Section 14.03 below
constitutes a complete return to the Members of their Capital Contributions, a complete distribution to the Members of their interest in the Company and all the Companys property and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, constitutes a
compromise to which all Members have consented within the meaning of the Delaware Act. To the extent that a Member returns funds to the Company, it has no claim against any other Member for those funds. 

Section 14.03 Deferment; Distribution in Kind. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 14.02, but
subject to the order of priorities set forth therein, if upon dissolution of the Company the liquidating trustees determine that an immediate sale of part or all of the Companys assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss (or would
otherwise not be beneficial) to the Members, the liquidating trustees may, in their sole discretion, defer for a reasonable time the 

51 

liquidation of any assets except those necessary to satisfy Company liabilities (other than loans to the Company by Members), including reserves. Subject to the order of priorities set forth in
Section 14.02, the liquidating trustees may, in their sole discretion, distribute to the Members, in lieu of cash, either (a) all or any portion of such remaining Company assets
in-kind in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.02(d), (b) as tenants in common and in accordance with the provisions of Section 14.02(d), undivided
interests in all or any portion of such Company assets or (c) a combination of the foregoing. Any such Distributions in kind shall be subject to (x) such conditions relating to the disposition and management of such assets as the
liquidating trustees deem reasonable and equitable and (y) the terms and conditions of any agreements governing such assets (or the operation thereof or the holders thereof) at such time. Any Company assets distributed in kind will first be
written up or down to their Fair Market Value, thus creating Profit or Loss (if any), which shall be allocated in accordance with Article V. The liquidating trustees shall determine the Fair Market Value of any property distributed in
accordance with the valuation procedures set forth in Article XV. 

Section 14.04 Cancellation of Certificate. On
completion of the winding up of Company assets as provided herein, the Manager (or such other Person or Persons as the Delaware Act may require or permit) shall file a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of Delaware, cancel any
other filings made pursuant to this Agreement that are or should be canceled and take such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Company. The Company shall be terminated by the filing of the certificate of cancellation of the
Certificate in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (and the Company shall not be terminated prior to such time). The Company shall be deemed to continue in existence for all purposes of this Agreement until it is terminated
pursuant to this Section 14.04. 

Section 14.05 Reasonable Time for Winding Up. A reasonable time
shall be allowed for the orderly winding up of the business and affairs of the Company and the liquidation of its assets pursuant to Sections 14.02 and 14.03 in order to minimize any losses otherwise attendant upon such winding up.

Section 14.06 Return of Capital. The liquidating trustees shall not be personally liable for the return of Capital
Contributions or any portion thereof to the Members (it being understood that any such return shall be made solely from Company assets). 

ARTICLE XV 

VALUATION 

Section 15.01 Determination. Fair Market Value of a specific Company asset will mean the amount which
the Company would receive in an all-cash sale of such asset in an arms-length transaction with a willing unaffiliated third party, with neither party having any compulsion to buy or sell, consummated on the
day immediately preceding the date on which the event occurred which necessitated the determination of the Fair Market Value (and after giving effect to any transfer taxes payable in connection with such sale), as such amount is determined by the
Manager (or, if pursuant to Section 14.02, the liquidating trustees) in its good faith judgment using all factors, information and data it deems to be pertinent. 

52 

Section 15.02 Dispute Resolution. If any Member or Members dispute the accuracy
of any determination of Fair Market Value in accordance with Section 15.01, and the Manager and such Member(s) are unable to agree on the determination of the Fair Market Value of any asset of the Company, the Manager and
such Member(s) shall each select a nationally recognized investment banking firm experienced in valuing securities of closely-held companies such as the Company in the Companys industry (the Appraisers), who shall
each determine the Fair Market Value of the asset or the Company (as applicable) in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.01. The Appraisers shall be instructed to give written notice of their determination of the
Fair Market Value of the asset or the Company (as applicable) within thirty (30) days of their appointment as Appraisers. If Fair Market Value as determined by an Appraiser is higher than Fair Market Value as determined by the other Appraiser
by 10% or more, and the Manager and such Member(s) do not otherwise agree on a Fair Market Value, the original Appraisers shall designate a third Appraiser meeting the same criteria used to select the original two. If Fair Market Value as determined
by an Appraiser is within 10% of the Fair Market Value as determined by the other Appraiser (but not identical), and the Manager and such Member(s) do not otherwise agree on a Fair Market Value, the Manager shall select the Fair Market Value of one
of the Appraisers. The fees and expenses of the Appraisers shall be borne by the Company. 

ARTICLE XVI 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 16.01 Power of Attorney. 

(a) Each Member who is an individual hereby constitutes and appoints the Manager (or the liquidating trustees, if applicable)
with full power of substitution, as his or her true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority in his, her or its name, place and stead, to:

(i) execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record in the appropriate public offices (A) this Agreement,
all certificates and other instruments and all amendments thereof which the Manager deems appropriate or necessary to form, qualify, or continue the qualification of, the Company as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware and in all
other jurisdictions in which the Company may conduct business or own property; (B) all instruments which the Manager deems appropriate or necessary to reflect any amendment, change, modification or restatement of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms; (C) all conveyances and other instruments or documents which the Manager deems appropriate or necessary to reflect the dissolution and liquidation of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including a certificate
of cancellation; and (D) all instruments relating to the admission, withdrawal or substitution of any Member pursuant to Article XII or Article XIII; and 

(ii) sign, execute, swear to and acknowledge all ballots, consents, approvals, waivers, certificates and other instruments
appropriate or necessary, in the reasonable judgment of the Manager, to evidence, confirm or ratify any vote, consent, approval, agreement or other action which is made or given by the Members hereunder or is consistent with the terms of this
Agreement, in the reasonable judgment of the Manager, to effectuate the terms of this Agreement. 

53 

(b) The foregoing power of attorney is irrevocable and coupled with an
interest, and shall survive the death, disability, incapacity, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or termination of any Member who is an individual and the transfer of all or any portion of his, her or its Company Interest and shall extend to such
Members heirs, successors, assigns and personal representatives. 

Section 16.02 Confidentiality. The Manager and each of
the Members agree to hold the Companys Confidential Information in confidence and may not use such information except in furtherance of the business of the Company or as otherwise authorized separately in writing by the Manager.
Confidential Information as used herein includes, but is not limited to, ideas, financial product structuring, business strategies, innovations and materials, all aspects of the Companys business plan, proposed
operation and products, corporate structure, financial and organizational information, analyses, proposed partners, software code and system and product designs, employees and their identities, equity ownership, the methods and means by which the
Company plans to conduct its business, all trade secrets, trademarks, tradenames and all intellectual property associated with the Companys business, in each case obtained by a Member from the Company or any of its Affiliates or
representatives. With respect to the Manager and each Member, Confidential Information does not include information or material that: (a) is rightfully in the possession of the Manager or each Member at the time of disclosure by the Company;
(b) before or after it has been disclosed to the Manager or each Member by the Company, becomes part of public knowledge, not as a result of any action or inaction of the Manager or such Member, respectively, in violation of this Agreement;
(c) is approved for release by written authorization of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or of the Corporation; (d) is disclosed to the Manager or such Member or their representatives by a third party not, to the knowledge of the
Manager or such Member, respectively, in violation of any obligation of confidentiality owed to the Company with respect to such information; (e) is or becomes independently developed by the Manager or such Member or their respective
representatives without use or reference to the Confidential Information; or (f) is required to be disclosed in legal proceedings or other applicable law. 

Section 16.03 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended or modified solely by the Manager, subject to the prior written consent of
the Supermajority Members; provided,that, solely for purposes of this Section 16.03, the third reference to at least two-thirds (2/3) in the definition of Supermajority
Members shall be deemed to be thirty-three percent (33%) or more. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or modification (a) to this Section 16.03 may be made without the prior written consent of each
of the Members, (b) that modifies the limited liability of any Member, or increases the liabilities or obligations of any Member, in each case, may be made without the consent of each such affected Member, (c) that materially alters or
changes any rights, preferences or privileges of any Company Interests in a manner that is different or prejudicial relative to any other Company Interests, may be made without the approval of a majority in interest of the Members holding the
Company Interests affected in such a different or prejudicial manner, (d) that materially alters or changes any rights, preferences or privileges of a holder of any class of Company Interests in a manner that is different or prejudicial
relative to any other holder of the same class of Company Interests, may be made without the approval of the holder of Company Interests affected in such a different or prejudicial manner and (e) to any of

54 

the terms and conditions of this Agreement which terms and conditions expressly require the approval or action of certain Persons may be made without obtaining the consent of the requisite number
or specified percentage of such Persons who are entitled to approve or take action on such matter; provided,that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 16.03, the Manager, acting alone, may
amend this Agreement to reflect (v) the issuance of additional Units or Equity Securities in accordance with Section 3.04, (w) the Transfer of any Units or Equity Securities in accordance herewith, including to
Substituted Members or Additional Members pursuant to Article XII, (x) a change in the name of the Company pursuant to Section 2.03, (y) matters contemplated by Section 3.10(d) or
(z) any change that is of an inconsequential nature, or to cure any ambiguity, correct or supplement any provision in this Agreement not inconsistent with applicable Law or with other provisions of this Agreement and does not adversely affect
any Member in any material respect. 

Section 16.04 Title to Company Assets. Company assets shall be deemed to be owned by the
Company as an entity, and no Member, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such Company assets or any portion thereof. The Company shall hold title to all of its property in the name of the Company and not in the name of
any Member. All Company assets shall be recorded as the property of the Company on its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such Company assets is held. The Companys credit and assets shall be used solely for the
benefit of the Company, and no asset of the Company shall be transferred or encumbered for, or in payment of, any individual obligation of any Member. 

Section 16.05 Addresses and Notices. Any notice, request, demand or instruction specified or permitted by this Agreement shall be
in writing and shall be either personally delivered, or received by certified mail, return receipt requested, or sent by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the Company or by electronic mail at the address set forth below and to
any other recipient and to any Member at such address as indicated by the Companys records, or at such address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. Notices
shall be deemed to have been given hereunder when delivered personally or sent by telecopier (provided confirmation of transmission is received), three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mail and one (1) day after deposit with a
reputable overnight courier service or if sent by electronic mail, upon confirmed receipt. Whenever any notice is required to be given by Law or this Agreement, a written waiver thereof signed by the Person entitled to such notice, whether before or
after the time stated at which such notice is required to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. The Companys address is: 

to the Company: 

Infinity Natural
Resources, LLC 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, West Virginia 26508 

Attn: General Counsel 

Email:
legal@infinitynr.com 

55 

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

4550 Travis Street 

Dallas, Texas
75205 

Attn: 

Thomas K. Laughlin, P.C. 

KJ Pedersen 

E-mail: 

thomas.laughlin@kirkland.com 

kj.pedersen@kirkland.com 

Section 16.06 Binding Effect; Intended Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 

Section 16.07
Creditors. None of the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be for the benefit of or enforceable by any creditors of the Company or any of its Affiliates, and no creditor who makes a loan to the Company or any of its Affiliates may
have or acquire (except pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement executed by the Company in favor of such creditor) at any time as a result of making the loan any direct or indirect interest in Company Profits, Losses, Distributions, capital or
property other than as a secured creditor. 

Section 16.08 Waiver. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no failure by any
party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or any other covenant, duty,
agreement or condition. 

Section 16.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which
will be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement binding on all the parties hereto. 

Section 16.10 Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of
Delaware. Any suit, dispute, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement shall be heard in the state or federal courts of the State of Delaware, and the
parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any such suit, action or proceeding and waives any objection to venue laid therein. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE SERVED ON ANY PARTY ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD, WHETHER WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT (INCLUDING BY PREPAID CERTIFIED MAIL WITH A VALIDATED PROOF OF MAILING RECEIPT) AND SHALL
HAVE THE SAME LEGAL FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF SERVED UPON SUCH PARTY PERSONALLY WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY AT THE
ADDRESS REFERRED TO IN SECTION 16.05 (INCLUDING BY PREPAID CERTIFIED MAIL WITH A VALIDATED PROOF OF MAILING RECEIPT), TOGETHER WITH WRITTEN NOTICE OF SUCH SERVICE TO SUCH PARTY, SHALL BE DEEMED EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY.

56 

Section 16.11 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable Law or rule in any jurisdiction, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

Section 16.12 Further Action. The parties shall
execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. 

Section 16.13 Delivery by Electronic Transmission. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in
connection with this Agreement or contemplated hereby, or entered into by the Company in accordance herewith, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of an electronic signature and/or an electronic
transmission, including via email, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in
person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties. No party
hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of electronic signature or electronic transmission to execute and/or deliver a document or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated
through such electronic transmission as a defense to the formation of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 

Section 16.14 Right of Offset. Whenever the Company is to pay any sum (other than pursuant to Article IV) to any Member,
any amounts that such Member owes to the Company which are not the subject of a good faith dispute may be deducted from that sum before payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the distribution of Units to the Corporation shall not be subject to this
Section 16.14. 

Section 16.15 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be effective immediately prior to
the time at which the IPO closes on the date hereof (the Effective Time). The Prior LLC Agreement shall govern the rights and obligations of the Company and the other parties to this Agreement in their capacity as Members
prior to the Effective Time. 

Section 16.16 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, those documents expressly referred to herein
(including the Registration Rights Agreement and the Tax Receivable Agreement), and other documents of even date herewith embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede and preempt any prior understandings,
agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. For the avoidance of doubt, the Prior LLC Agreement is superseded by this Agreement as of the Effective Time and
shall be of no further force and effect thereafter. 

57 

Section 16.17 Remedies. Each Member shall have all rights and remedies set forth
in this Agreement and all rights and remedies which such Person has been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such Person has under any Law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this
Agreement or any other agreements contemplated hereby shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all
other rights granted by Law. 

Section 16.18 Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement
are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. Whenever required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular
form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. Unless the context requires otherwise, reference to any
agreement, document, instrument or Law means such agreement, document, instrument or Law as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time, and reference to any particular provision of Law includes a reference to the
corresponding provision of any succeeding Law. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding sentence, no amendment or other modification to any agreement, document or instrument that requires the consent of any Person pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement or any other agreement will be given effect hereunder unless such Person has consented in writing to such amendment or modification. Wherever required by the context, references to a Fiscal Year shall refer to a portion
thereof. The use of the words or, either and any shall not be exclusive. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, in
the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of
the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Wherever a conflict exists between this Agreement and any other agreement, this Agreement shall control but solely to the extent of such conflict. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

58 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused to be executed on their behalf
this Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY:

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ Zack Arnold

Zack Arnold

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ David Sproule

David Sproule

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ Ian Costello

Ian Costello

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ Ryan Warner

Ryan Warner

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ Britney Crookshanks

Britney Crookshanks

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ Michael E. Sproule

Michael E. Sproule

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

MEMBERS:

/s/ Gregory Pipkin

Gregory Pipkin

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

SD GRAY FAMILY PARTNERSHIP LP

By: 

/s/ Steven Gray

Name: Steven D. Gray

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

PEARL ENERGY INVESTMENTS, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment GP, LP., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

PEARL ENERGY INVESTMENTS III, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, L.P., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

PEARL INR HOLDINGS, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, L.P., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

PEI INFINITY-S, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, L.P., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

PEI INR CO-INVEST-B, CORP

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

NGP XI US HOLDINGS, L.P.

By: NGP XI Holdings GP, L.L.C., its general partner

By: 

/s/ Chris Carter

Name: Chris Carter

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of 

Infinity Natural Resources, LLC]

SCHEDULE 11

SCHEDULE OF MEMBERS 

[***] 

1 

This Schedule of Members shall be updated from time to time to reflect any adjustment with respect to any
subdivision (by Unit split or otherwise) or any combination (by reverse Unit split or otherwise) of any outstanding Common Units, to reflect any additional issuances of Common Units pursuant to this Agreement or to reflect the addition of any
subsequent Member pursuant to the execution by such person of a Joinder. 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT 

This JOINDER AGREEMENT, dated as of [] (this Joinder), is delivered pursuant to that certain Second Amended
and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (the LLC Agreement) by and among Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company),
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the managing member of the Company (the Manager), the other Members party thereto, and each of the Members from time to time party thereto. Capitalized terms used
but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

1. Joinder to the LLC Agreement.
Upon the execution of this Joinder by the undersigned and delivery hereof to the Manager, the undersigned hereby is and hereafter will be a Member under the LLC Agreement and a party thereto, with all the rights, privileges and responsibilities of a
Member thereunder. The undersigned hereby agrees that it shall comply with and be fully bound by the terms of the LLC Agreement as if it had been a signatory thereto as of the date thereof. 

2. Incorporation by Reference. All terms and conditions of the LLC Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference in this Joinder as if
set forth herein in full. 

3. Address. All notices under the LLC Agreement to the undersigned shall be direct to: 

[Name] 

[Address] 

[City, State, Zip Code] 

Attn: 

E-mail:

[Signature pages follow.] 

[Exhibit A-1] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Joinder as of the
day and year first above written. 

[NAME OF NEW MEMBER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Exhibit A-2] 

Acknowledged and agreed as of the date first set forth above:

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC

By: INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.,

its Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Exhibit A-3]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d894988dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 

between 

INFINITY
NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

and 

THE PERSONS NAMED HEREIN 

Dated as of January 30, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 4 

Section 1.1 Definitions 4 

Section 1.2 Rules of Construction 13 

ARTICLE II DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 14 

Section 2.1 Attribute Schedule 14 

Section 2.2 Tax Benefit Schedule 14 

Section 2.3 Procedures, Amendments 15 

ARTICLE III TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 16 

Section 3.1 Payments 16 

Section 3.2 No Duplicative Payments 17 

Section 3.3 Pro Rata Payments 17 

ARTICLE IV TERMINATION 18 

Section 4.1 Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement 18 

Section 4.2 Early Termination Notice 19 

Section 4.3 Payment upon Early Termination 19 

ARTICLE V SUBORDINATION AND LATE PAYMENTS 20 

Section 5.1 Subordination 20 

Section 5.2 Late Payments by the Corporate Taxpayer 20 

ARTICLE VI NO DISPUTES; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 20 

Section 6.1 Participation in the Corporate Taxpayers and OpCos Tax Matters 20 

Section 6.2 Consistency 21 

Section 6.3 Cooperation 21 

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 21 

Section 7.1 Notices 21 

Section 7.2 Counterparts 23 

Section 7.3 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries 23 

Section 7.4 Governing Law 23 

Section 7.5 Severability 23 

Section 7.6 Successors; Assignment; ROFR; Amendments; Waivers 23 

Section 7.7 Disputes 25 

Section 7.8 Reconciliation 25 

Section 7.9 Withholding 26 

Section 7.10 Admission of the Corporate Taxpayer into a Consolidated Group; Transfers of Corporate Assets 26 

Section 7.11 Confidentiality 27 

Section 7.12 Change in Law 28 

Section 7.13 Tax Characterization and Elections 28 

Section 7.14 TRA Party Representative 29 

2 

ANNEXES AND EXHIBITS 

Annex A TRA Parties

Exhibit A Form of Joinder Agreement

3 

TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT 

This TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of January 30, 2025, and is between
Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (including any successor corporation, the Corporate Taxpayer), and each of the TRA Parties that are from time to time a party hereto. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS,
the TRA Parties directly hold equity interests (the Units) in Infinity Natural Resources, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (OpCo); 

WHEREAS, OpCo is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

WHEREAS, the Units held by the TRA Parties may be exchanged for Class A common stock (the Class A
Shares) of the Corporate Taxpayer or cash consideration, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the LLC Agreement (each, an Exchange); 

WHEREAS, as a result any such Exchanges, the Corporate Taxpayer may be entitled to utilize (or otherwise be entitled to the benefits
arising out of) the Covered Tax Assets; and 

WHEREAS, the income, gain, loss, expense, deduction and other Tax items of the
Corporate Taxpayer may be affected by the Covered Tax Assets, and the parties to this Agreement desire to make certain arrangements with respect to the effects of the Covered Tax Assets. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the terms set forth in this Article
I shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined). 

Actual Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the actual liability for U.S. federal, state and local income
Taxes of (a) the Corporate Taxpayer and (b) without duplication, OpCo and its Subsidiaries, but in the case of this clause (b) only with respect to U.S. federal, state and local income Taxes imposed on OpCo and its Subsidiaries
and allocable to the Corporate Taxpayer; provided that the actual liability for Taxes described in clauses (a) and (b) shall be calculated by assuming (i) that any Subsequently Acquired TRA Attributes do not exist,
(ii) solely for purposes of calculating the state and local Actual Tax Liability of the Corporate Taxpayer, that the applicable tax rate is the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate, and (iii) solely for purposes of calculating the Corporate
Taxpayers U.S. federal Actual Tax Liability, in order to prevent double counting, that state and local income and franchise Taxes are not deductible by the Corporate Taxpayer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

4 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person. 

Agreed Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 100 basis points. 

Agreement is defined in the Preamble to this Agreement. 

Amended Schedule is defined in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 

Assumed State and Local Tax Rate means the tax rate equal to the sum of the product of (a) the Corporate
Taxpayers income and franchise tax apportionment rate(s) for each state and local jurisdiction in which the Corporate Taxpayer or OpCo (or any of their Subsidiaries that are treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal or
applicable state and local tax purposes) files income or franchise Tax Returns for the relevant Taxable Year and (b) the highest corporate income and franchise tax rate(s) for each such state and local jurisdiction in which the Corporate
Taxpayer, OpCo or their applicable Subsidiaries file income or franchise Tax Returns for each such relevant Taxable Year; provided that, solely in respect of the Corporate Taxpayer, to the extent, for any Taxable Year, that state and local
income and franchise Taxes are deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes by the Corporate Taxpayer (including any member thereof) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing
shall be reduced by the assumed federal income Tax benefit received by the Corporate Taxpayer with respect to state and local jurisdiction income and franchise Taxes (with such benefit calculated as the product of (i) the Corporate
Taxpayers marginal U.S. federal income tax rate for the relevant Taxable Year and (ii) the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate without regard to this proviso). 

Attributable is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

Attribute Schedule is defined in Section 2.1 of this Agreement. 

Basis Adjustment means the adjustment to the tax basis of, or the Corporate Taxpayers share of the tax basis of, a
Reference Asset (a) under Sections 732, 734(b) and 1012 of the Code and any comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law (in situations where, as a result of one or more Exchanges, OpCo becomes an entity that is disregarded as separate
from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) or (b) under Sections 734(b), 743(b) and 754 of the Code and any comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law (in situations where, following an Exchange, OpCo remains in existence as
an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes), in each case, as a result of any Exchange and any payments made pursuant to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Basis Adjustment resulting from an
Exchange of one or more Units (i) shall be determined without regard to any Pre-Exchange Transfer of such Units and as if any such Pre-Exchange Transfer had not occurred and (ii) shall not include
the portion of any Tax Benefit Payment representing Imputed Interest. 

Beneficial Owner means, with respect to any
security, a Person who directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares: (a) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security; and/or
(b) investment power, which includes the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, such security. The terms Beneficially Own and Beneficial Ownership shall have correlative meanings. 

5 

Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporate Taxpayer. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks are authorized or
required by applicable law to be closed in New York, New York. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the
following events or series of events after the IPO Date: (a) any Person (other than a Permitted Investor) or any group of Persons acting together that would constitute a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, or any successor provisions thereto (excluding (i) a corporation or other entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Corporate Taxpayer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of
stock of the Corporate Taxpayer or (ii) a group of Persons in which one or more Permitted Investors or Affiliates of Permitted Investors directly or indirectly hold Beneficial Ownership of securities representing more than 50% of the total
voting power held by such group) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporate Taxpayer representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Corporate Taxpayers then outstanding voting
securities; (b) the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors of the Corporate Taxpayer then serving: individuals who, on the IPO Date, constitute the Board and any new director whose
appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporate Taxpayers shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still
in office who either were directors on the IPO Date or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended by the directors referred to in this clause (b); (c) there is consummated a merger or
consolidation of the Corporate Taxpayer with any other corporation or other entity, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation, either (i) the members of the Board immediately prior to the merger or consolidation do
not constitute at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the company surviving the merger or, if the surviving company is a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (ii) the voting securities of the Corporate Taxpayer
immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent or are not converted into more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such merger or consolidation
or, if the surviving company is a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or (d) the shareholders of the Corporate Taxpayer approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporate Taxpayer or there is consummated an agreement or
series of related agreements for the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by the Corporate Taxpayer of all or substantially all of the Corporate Taxpayers assets, other than such sale or other disposition by the Corporate
Taxpayer of all or substantially all of the Corporate Taxpayers assets to an entity at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of the Corporate Taxpayer in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership of the Corporate Taxpayer immediately prior to such sale. 

6 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to clause (b) and clause
(c)(i) above, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the shares of the
Corporate Taxpayer immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns, either directly or indirectly,
all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporate Taxpayer immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 

Class A Shares is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Corporate Taxpayer is
defined in the Preamble to this Agreement. 

Corporate Taxpayer Return means the U.S. federal and/or state and/or local
Tax Return, as applicable, of the Corporate Taxpayer filed with respect to Taxes of any Taxable Year. 

Covered Person
is defined in Section 7.15 of this Agreement. 

Covered Tax Assets means, with respect to a TRA Party,
(a) Basis Adjustments and (b) Imputed Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, Covered Tax Assets shall include any carryforwards or similar attributes that are attributable to the Tax items described in clauses (a) and
(b). 

Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit for a Taxable Year means the cumulative amount of the Realized Tax
Benefits for all Taxable Years of the Corporate Taxpayer up to and including such Taxable Year, net of the cumulative amount of the Realized Tax Detriments for the same period. The Realized Tax Benefit and the Realized Tax Detriment for each Taxable
Year shall be determined based on the most recent Tax Benefit Schedules or Amended Schedules, if any, in existence at the time of such determination. 

Default Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 500 basis points. 

Determination shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1313(a) of the Code or similar provision of U.S.
state or local tax law, as applicable, or any other event (including the execution of IRS Form 870-AD) that finally and conclusively establishes the amount of any liability for Tax. 

Dispute is defined in Section 7.8(a) of this Agreement. 

Early Termination Date means the date of an Early Termination Notice for purposes of determining the Early Termination
Payment. 

Early Termination Effective Date means the date on which an Early Termination Schedule becomes binding
pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 

7 

Early Termination Notice is defined in
Section 4.2 of this Agreement. 

Early Termination Payment is defined in
Section 4.3(b) of this Agreement. 

Early Termination Rate means a per annum rate of SOFR plus 150
basis points. 

Early Termination Schedule is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

Exchange is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Exchange Date means the date of any Exchange. 

Expert is defined in Section 7.9 of this Agreement. 

Hypothetical Tax Liability means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the liability for U.S. federal, state and local income
Taxes of (a) the Corporate Taxpayer and (b) without duplication, OpCo and its Subsidiaries, but in the case of this clause (b) only with respect to U.S. federal, state and local income Taxes imposed on OpCo and its Subsidiaries
and allocable to the Corporate Taxpayer, in each case, using the same methods, elections, conventions, and practices used on the relevant Corporate Taxpayer Return, but calculated (i) without taking into account the Covered Tax Assets
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any carryforward or carryback of any tax item attributable to the Covered Tax Assets) and (ii) by assuming (A) that any Subsequently Acquired TRA Attributes do not exist, (B) solely for purposes
of calculating the state and local Hypothetical Tax Liability of the Corporate Taxpayer, that the applicable tax rate is the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate, and (C) solely for purposes of calculating the Corporate Taxpayers U.S. federal
Hypothetical Tax Liability, in order to prevent double counting, that state and local income and franchise Taxes are not deductible by the Corporate Taxpayer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Imputed Interest in respect of a TRA Party means any interest imputed under Section 1272, 1274 or 483 or other
provision of the Code with respect to the Corporate Taxpayers payment obligations in respect of such TRA Party under this Agreement. 

Interest Amount is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

IPO means the initial public offering of Class A Shares by the Corporate Taxpayer. 

IPO Date means the closing date of the IPO. 

IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

Joinder Requirement has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(a) of this Agreement. 

LLC Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of OpCo, dated on or about the date
hereof, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time. 

8 

Management Representative means Zachary Arnold or any other person later
designated by the Company. 

Market Value means, with respect to the Class A Shares as of the applicable Exchange
Date, the last sale price per Class A Share, regular way, or if no such sale took place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices per Class A Share, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Class A Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported on the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Class A Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if the Class A Shares are not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if the Class A Shares are
not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Class A Shares selected by the Board or, in the event that no trading price is available for
the Class A Shares, the fair market value of a Class A Share, as determined in good faith by the Board (which determination shall only be made by the non-interested directors). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the above sentence, to the extent property is exchanged for cash in a transaction, the Market Value shall be determined by reference to the amount of cash transferred in such transaction. 

Net Tax Benefit is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

NGP Representative means Brian Seline or any other person later designated by NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. 

Objection Notice is defined in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 

OpCo is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Pearl Representative means David Levinson or any other person later designated by Pearl Energy Investments L.P. 

Permitted Investors means, individually or collectively, (a) Pearl Energy Investments, L.P., (b) NGP XI US Holdings,
L.P., (c) any Affiliates and any investment funds, co-investment vehicles and/or other similar vehicles or accounts, in each case advised or managed by any of the foregoing, or any of their respective
successors, (d) Zachary Arnold and (e) David Sproule. 

Person means any individual, corporation, firm,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association, organization, governmental entity or other entity. 

Pre-Exchange Transfer means any transfer (including upon the death of a member) or
distribution in respect of one or more Units (a) that occurs prior to an Exchange of such Units, and (b) to which Section 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code applies. 

9 

Realized Tax Benefit means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of
the Hypothetical Tax Liability over the Actual Tax Liability. If all or a portion of the actual liability for such Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be
included in determining the Realized Tax Benefit unless and until there has been a Determination. 

Realized Tax
Detriment means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Actual Tax Liability over the Hypothetical Tax Liability. If all or a portion of the actual liability for such Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a
Taxing Authority of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Detriment unless and until there has been a Determination. 

Reconciliation Dispute is defined in Section 7.9 of this Agreement. 

Reconciliation Procedures is defined in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 

Reference Asset means any tangible or intangible asset that is held by OpCo or any of its successors or assigns (other than
equity interests in Subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and any asset held by any entities in which OpCo owns a direct or indirect equity interest that are treated as a partnership or disregarded
entity (but only to the extent such entities are held through other entities that are treated as partnerships or disregarded entities) for purposes of the applicable Tax, as of the relevant date. A Reference Asset also includes any asset that is
substituted basis property under Section 7701(a)(42) of the Code with respect to a Reference Asset. 

Relative
Interest means, with respect to each TRA Party, a percentage equal to (a) the number of Units in OpCo held by such TRA Party immediately prior to the IPO divided by (b) the total number of Units in OpCo held by all TRA
Parties immediately prior to the IPO. 

ROFR Acceptance Notice is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this
Agreement. 

ROFR Offer Notice is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

ROFR Offer Period is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

ROFR Offer Price is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

ROFR Selling Party is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

ROFR Solicitation Period is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

ROFR Transfer is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

ROFR Right is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

Schedule means any of the following: (a) an Attribute Schedule; (b) a Tax Benefit Schedule; or (c) the Early
Termination Schedule. 

10 

Senior Obligations is defined in
Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 

SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as
administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of such rate). 

Subsequently Acquired TRA
Attributes means, except as otherwise determined by the Board (with the approval of the TRA Party Representatives representing more than 50% of the Relative Interests of the TRA Parties), any net operating losses, tax basis or other tax
attributes to which any of the Corporate Taxpayer, OpCo or any entity in which they hold a direct or indirect equity interest become entitled as a result of a transaction (other than any Exchanges undertaken by an TRA Party) after the IPO Date, to
the extent such net operating losses, tax basis and other tax attributes are subject to a tax receivable agreement (or comparable agreement) entered into after the date hereof by the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its Controlled Affiliates pursuant to
which the Corporate Taxpayer (including any member thereof) is obligated to pay over amounts with respect to tax benefits resulting from such net operating losses, tax basis or other tax attributes. 

Subsidiaries means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, any other Person as to which such Person,
owns, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controls more than 50% of the voting power or other similar interests or the sole general partner interest or managing member or similar interest of such Person. 

Tax Benefit Payment is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement. 

Tax Benefit Schedule is defined in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 

Tax Return means any return, declaration, report or similar statement filed or required to be filed with respect to Taxes
(including any attached schedules), including, without limitation, any information return, claim for refund, amended return and declaration of estimated Tax. 

Taxable Year means a taxable year of the Corporate Taxpayer as defined in Section 441(b) of the Code or comparable
sections of U.S. state or local tax law, as applicable (and, therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, may include a period of less than twelve (12) months for which a Tax Return is made), ending on or after the IPO Date. 

Taxes means any and all U.S. federal, state or local taxes, assessments or similar charges that are based on or measured
with respect to net income or profits (including alternative minimum taxes and any franchise taxes imposed in lieu of an income tax), and any interest related to such Tax. 

Taxing Authority means any domestic, federal, national, state, county or municipal or other local government, any
subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental body exercising any taxing authority or any other authority exercising Tax regulatory authority. 

Third-Party Buyer is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

11 

TRA Parties means the Persons listed on Annex A. 

TRA Party Representatives means the Management Representative, the NGP Representative and the Pearl Representative, taken
together, and each such Person is a TRA Party Representative for all purposes under this Agreement. 

TRA
Right is defined in Section 7.6(b) of this Agreement. 

Treasury Regulations means the final,
temporary and (to the extent they can be relied upon) proposed regulations under the Code promulgated from time to time (including corresponding provisions and succeeding provisions) as in effect for the relevant taxable period. 

Units is defined in the Recitals of this Agreement. 

Valuation Assumptions means, as of an Early Termination Date, the assumptions that (a) in each Taxable Year ending on
or after such Early Termination Date, the Corporate Taxpayer will have taxable income sufficient to fully use the Covered Tax Assets (other than any such Covered Tax Assets that constitute or have resulted in net operating losses, disallowed
interest expense carryforwards, or credit carryforwards or carryovers (determined as of the Early Termination Date), which shall be governed by clause (d) below) during such Taxable Year or future Taxable Years in which such deductions
or other attributes would become available; (b) the U.S. federal income tax rates that will be in effect for each such Taxable Year will be those specified for each such Taxable Year by the Code and other law as in effect on the Early
Termination Date, except to the extent any change to such tax rates for such Taxable Year have already been enacted into law; (c) the tax rate for U.S. state and local income taxes shall be the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate as in effect for
the Taxable Year of the Early Termination Date; (d) any net operating loss, disallowed interest expense, or credit carryovers or carrybacks (or similar items with respect to carryovers or carrybacks) that constitute or that were generated by
any Covered Tax Asset and available as of the Early Termination Date will be used by the Corporate Taxpayer ratably over a period beginning on the Early Termination Date and ending on the earlier of (i) fifteen years following the Early
Termination Date or (ii) the scheduled expiration date, if any, under applicable Tax law of such net operating losses, disallowed interest expense, or credit carryovers or carrybacks (or similar items with respect to carryovers or carrybacks);
provided that if the Corporate Taxpayer is prevented from fully using any net operating loss, disallowed interest expense, or credit carryover pursuant to Section 382 or Section 383 of the Code, the amount used for purposes of
this provision shall not exceed the amount that would otherwise be utilized under Section 382 or Section 383 of the Code and the fifteen year period described clause (d)(i) shall be proportionately increased to reflect such limit;
(e) any non-amortizable and non-depletable Reference Assets will be disposed of in a fully taxable transaction on the fifteenth anniversary of the applicable
Exchange and any cash equivalents will be disposed of twelve (12) months following the Early Termination Date; provided that, in the event of a Change of Control that includes a taxable sale of such Reference Asset (or the sale of
all of the equity interests in a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes that directly or indirectly owns such Reference Asset), such non-amortizable and non-depletable Reference Asset shall be deemed disposed of at the time of the direct or indirect sale of the relevant Reference Asset in such Change of Control (if earlier than such fifteenth anniversary) for the
applicable purchase price; (f) if, on the Early Termination 

12 

Date, any TRA Party has Units that have not been Exchanged, then such Units shall be deemed to be Exchanged for the Market Value that would be received by such TRA Party if such Units had been
Exchanged on the Early Termination Date, and such TRA Party shall be deemed to receive the amount of cash such TRA Party would have been entitled to pursuant to Section 4.3(a) had such Units actually been Exchanged on
the Early Termination Date; (g) any payment obligations pursuant to this Agreement will be satisfied on the date that any Tax Return to which such payment obligation relates is required to be filed excluding any extensions; and (h) for
purposes of calculating depletion deductions and resulting reductions in adjusted tax basis with respect to depletable properties held by OpCo and its Subsidiaries that are treated as disregarded entities or partnerships for U.S. federal tax
purposes, (i) the remaining recoverable reserves with respect to each such property are equal to the recoverable reserves estimated in the most recent reserve report relating to such property (or, if there is no reserve report with respect to
such property, the most recent estimate of recoverable reserves with respect to such property which is reflected in the financial records of OpCo) and (ii) OpCo (or such Subsidiaries) will recover the remaining recoverable reserves with respect
to each such depletable property within the time estimated and at the rate reflected in the most recent reserve reports relating to such property (or, if there is no reserve report with respect to such property, the most recent estimate of the rate
of recovery of recoverable reserves with respect to such property which is reflected in the financial records of OpCo). 

Section 1.2 Rules of Construction. Unless otherwise specified herein: 

(a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 

(b) For purposes of interpretation of this Agreement: 

(i) The words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import
when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 

(ii)
References in this Agreement to a Schedule, Article, Section, clause or sub-clause refer to the appropriate Schedule to, or Article, Section, clause or subclause in, this Agreement. 

(iii) References in this Agreement to dollars or $ refer to the lawful currency of the United States of
America. 

(iv) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 

(v) The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports,
financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 

(c) In the computation
of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word
through means to and including. 

13 

(d) Section headings herein are included for convenience of reference only
and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

(e) Unless otherwise expressly provided herein,
(i) references to organization documents (including the LLC Agreement), agreements (including this Agreement) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and
other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are permitted hereby; and (ii) references to any law (including the Code and the Treasury Regulations) shall
include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law. 

ARTICLE II
DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT

Section 2.1 Attribute Schedule. Within ninety
(90) calendar days after the filing of the IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of the Corporate Taxpayer for each relevant Taxable Year, the Corporate Taxpayer shall deliver to the TRA Party Representatives a schedule (the Attribute
Schedule) that shows, in reasonable detail necessary to perform the calculations required by this Agreement, the Covered Tax Assets that are available for use by the Corporate Taxpayer with respect to such Taxable Year with respect to each
TRA Party that has effected an Exchange (including the Basis Adjustments with respect to the Reference Assets resulting from Exchanges effected in such Taxable Year and the periods over which such Basis Adjustments are amortizable, depreciable or
depletable) and the portion of the Covered Tax Assets that are available for use by the Corporate Taxpayer in future Taxable Years with respect to each TRA Party that has effected an Exchange. The Attribute Schedule shall also list any limitations
on the ability of the Corporate Taxpayer to utilize any Covered Tax Assets under applicable law (including as a result of the operation of Section 382 of the Code or Section 383 of the Code). All costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the provision and preparation of the Attribute Schedules and Tax Benefit Schedules for each TRA Party in compliance with this Agreement shall be borne by OpCo. 

Section 2.2 Tax Benefit Schedule. 

(a) Tax Benefit Schedule. Within ninety (90) calendar days after the filing of the IRS Form 1120 (or any successor
form) of the Corporate Taxpayer for any Taxable Year in which there is a Realized Tax Benefit or a Realized Tax Detriment in respect of a TRA Party, the Corporate Taxpayer shall provide to each applicable TRA Party Representative, which shall
correspond with the applicable TRA Party Representative shown next to such TRA Party on Annex A, a schedule showing, in reasonable detail, the calculation of the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of each TRA Party for such Taxable Year and the
calculation of the Realized Tax Benefit or a Realized Tax Detriment and the components thereof for such Taxable Year (a Tax Benefit Schedule). Each Tax Benefit Schedule will become final as provided in
Section 2.3(a) and may be amended as provided in Section 2.3(b) (subject to the procedures set forth in Section 2.3(b)). 

14 

(b) Applicable Principles. For purposes of calculating the Realized
Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for any period, carryovers or carrybacks of any Tax item attributable to the Covered Tax Assets shall be considered to be subject to the rules of the Code and the Treasury Regulations or the appropriate
provisions of U.S. state and local income and franchise tax law, as applicable, governing the use, limitation and expiration of carryovers or carrybacks of the relevant type. If a carryover or carryback of any Tax item includes a portion that is
attributable to a Covered Tax Asset and another portion that is not, such portions shall be considered to be used in accordance with a with and without methodology. 

Section 2.3 Procedures, Amendments. 

(a) Procedure. Every time the Corporate Taxpayer delivers to a TRA Party Representative an applicable Schedule under
this Agreement, including any Amended Schedule delivered pursuant to Section 2.3(b) and any Early Termination Schedule or amended Early Termination Schedule, the Corporate Taxpayer shall also (i) deliver to such
TRA Party Representative supporting schedules, valuation reports (if any), and work papers, as determined by the Corporate Taxpayer or as reasonably requested by such TRA Party Representative, providing reasonable detail regarding data and
calculations that were relevant for purposes of preparing the Schedule and (ii) allow such TRA Party Representative reasonable access at no cost to the appropriate representatives at the Corporate Taxpayer, as determined by the Corporate
Taxpayer or as reasonably requested by such TRA Party Representative, in connection with a review of such Schedule. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, the Corporate Taxpayer shall ensure that any Tax Benefit Schedule that is
delivered to a TRA Party Representative, along with any supporting schedules and work papers, provides a reasonably detailed presentation of the calculation of the Actual Tax Liability and the Hypothetical Tax Liability and identifies any material
assumptions or operating procedures or principles that were used for purposes of such calculations. An applicable Schedule or amendment thereto shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar days from the first date on which
the applicable TRA Party Representative(s) received the applicable Schedule or amendment thereto under Section 7.1 unless any relevant TRA Party Representative (i) within thirty (30) calendar days from such
date provides the Corporate Taxpayer with notice of objection to such Schedule (Objection Notice) made in good faith or (ii) provides a written waiver of such right of any Objection Notice within the period described in
clause (i) above, in which case such Schedule or amendment thereto becomes binding on the date the waiver is received by the Corporate Taxpayer. The Corporate Taxpayer and the relevant TRA Party Representatives shall attempt to resolve
the issues raised in the Objection Notice in good faith, and if the Corporate Taxpayer and the relevant TRA Party Representatives are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in the Objection Notice within thirty (30) calendar days
after receipt by the Corporate Taxpayer of an Objection Notice, the Corporate Taxpayer and the relevant TRA Party Representatives shall employ the reconciliation procedures as described in Section 7.9 of this Agreement
(the Reconciliation Procedures). 

15 

(b) Amended Schedule. The applicable Schedule for any Taxable Year
may be amended from time to time by the Corporate Taxpayer (i) in connection with a Determination affecting such Schedule, (ii) to correct inaccuracies in the Schedule identified as a result of the receipt of additional factual information
relating to a Taxable Year after the date the Schedule was provided to the relevant TRA Party Representatives, (iii) to comply with the Experts determination under the Reconciliation Procedures, (iv) to reflect a change in the
Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to a carryback or carryforward of a loss or other tax item to such Taxable Year, or (v) to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment
for such Taxable Year attributable to an amended Tax Return filed for such Taxable Year (any such Schedule, an Amended Schedule). The Corporate Taxpayer shall provide an Amended Schedule to the relevant TRA Party Representatives
within sixty (60) calendar days of the occurrence of an event referenced in clauses (i) through (v) of the preceding sentence. 

ARTICLE III TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS

Section 3.1 Payments. 

(a) Payments. Within thirty (30) calendar days after a Tax Benefit Schedule delivered to the applicable TRA Party
Representative becomes final in accordance with Section 2.3(a) and Section 7.9, if applicable, the Corporate Taxpayer shall pay or cause to be paid each TRA Party the Tax Benefit Payment
determined pursuant to Section 3.1(b) that is Attributable to such relevant TRA Party. Each such Tax Benefit Payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account previously
designated by such TRA Party to the Corporate Taxpayer or as otherwise agreed by the Corporate Taxpayer and such TRA Party. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in respect of estimated tax payments,
including, without limitation, U.S. federal estimated income tax payments, and (ii) the payments provided for pursuant to the above sentence shall be computed separately for each TRA Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, with respect to each Exchange by or with respect to any TRA Party, if such TRA Party notifies the Corporate Taxpayer in writing of a stated maximum selling price (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
Section 15A.453-1(c)(2)), then the amount of the consideration received in connection with such Exchange and the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments to such TRA Party in respect of such Exchange (other than
amounts accounted for as interest under the Code) shall not exceed such stated maximum selling price. 

(b) A Tax
Benefit Payment in respect of a TRA Party for a Taxable Year means an amount, not less than zero, equal to the sum of the portion of the Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to such TRA Party and the Interest Amount with respect thereto. A
Net Tax Benefit is Attributable to a TRA Party to the extent that is derived from a Covered Tax Asset with respect to Units that were Exchanged by such TRA Party. For the avoidance of doubt, for Tax purposes, the Interest Amount
shall not be treated as interest but instead shall be treated as additional consideration for the acquisition of Units in Exchanges, unless otherwise required by law. Subject to Section 3.3(a), the Net Tax
Benefit for a Taxable Year shall be an amount equal to the excess, if any, of 85% of the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit as of the end of such Taxable Year, over the total amount of payments previously made under the first sentence of
Section 3.1(a)

16 

(excluding payments attributable to Interest Amounts); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no such recipient shall be required to return any portion of any previously made Tax
Benefit Payment. The Interest Amount in respect of a TRA Party shall equal the interest on the Net Tax Benefit calculated at the Agreed Rate from the due date (without extensions) for filing the IRS Form 1120 (or any successor
form) of the Corporate Taxpayer with respect to Taxes for such Taxable Year until the payment date under Section 3.1(a). 

Section 3.2 No Duplicative Payments. It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement will
not result in duplicative payment of any amount (including interest) required under this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in the appropriate manner to ensure such intentions are realized. 

Section 3.3 Pro Rata Payments. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in Section 3.1 to the contrary, to the extent that the aggregate
Tax benefit of the Corporate Taxpayer from the reduction in actual Tax liability as a result of the Covered Tax Assets is limited in a particular Taxable Year because the Corporate Taxpayer does not have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize
available deductions and other attributes, the Net Tax Benefit for the Corporate Taxpayer shall be allocated among the TRA Parties in proportion to the respective amounts of Tax Benefit Payments that would have been paid to each TRA Party under this
Agreement if the Corporate Taxpayer had sufficient taxable income so that there were no such limitation; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of allocating among the TRA Parties the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments
payable under this Agreement with respect to any Taxable Year, the operation of this Section 3.3(a) with respect to any prior Taxable Years shall be taken into account. Consistent with the foregoing, the Attribute
Schedule for a given Taxable Year shall reflect the operation of this Section 3.3(a) in respect of previous Taxable Years, with the Covered Tax Assets described in such Attribute Schedule that are attributable to a TRA
Party being adjusted to reflect payments received in respect of such Covered Tax Assets (the intention of the parties being to avoid duplicative payments and maintain records sufficient to allow the Corporate Taxpayer to allocate Tax Benefit
Payments consistent with the terms of this Section 3.3(a)). 

(b) After taking into account
Section 3.3(a), if for any reason the Corporate Taxpayer does not fully satisfy its payment obligations to make all Tax Benefit Payments due under this Agreement in respect of a particular Taxable Year (for example, as a
result of having insufficient cash to make the Tax Benefit Payments due hereunder), then the Corporate Taxpayer and the TRA Parties agree that (i) the Corporate Taxpayer shall make payments due hereunder to the TRA Parties in respect of a
Taxable Year in the same proportion as such payments would have been made if the relevant payment had been made in full by the Corporate Taxpayer and (ii) no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in respect of any Taxable Year until all Tax Benefit
Payments in respect of prior Taxable Years have been made in full. 

17 

ARTICLE IV TERMINATION

Section 4.1 Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement. 

(a) The Corporate Taxpayer may terminate this Agreement with respect to all amounts payable to the TRA Parties and with respect
to all of the Units held by the TRA Parties at any time by paying to each TRA Party the Early Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party; provided, however, that this Agreement shall only terminate upon the full payment of the
Early Termination Payment to all TRA Parties as set forth in Section 4.3(a); provided, further, that the Corporate Taxpayer may withdraw any notice to execute its termination rights under this
Section 4.1(a) prior to the time at which any Early Termination Payment has been paid. Upon full payment of the Early Termination Payment by the Corporate Taxpayer to all TRA Parties, none of the TRA Parties or
the Corporate Taxpayer shall have any further payment rights or obligations under this Agreement. If an Exchange occurs after the Corporate Taxpayer makes all of the required Early Termination Payments, the Corporate Taxpayer shall have no
obligations under this Agreement with respect to such Exchange. 

(b) In the event that the Corporate Taxpayer
(i) breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, whether as a result of failure to make any payment within three (3) months of the date when due, failure to honor any other material obligation required hereunder or by
operation of law as a result of the rejection of this Agreement in a case commenced under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise or (ii) (A) shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (1) under any existing or future law of any
jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts or (2) seeking an appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian,
conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or it shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (B) there shall be commenced against Corporate Taxpayer any case, proceeding or
other action of the nature referred to in clause (A) above that remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of sixty (60) calendar days, all obligations hereunder shall be automatically accelerated and shall be immediately due
and payable, and such obligations shall be calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such breach. Procedures similar to the procedures of Section 4.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis,
with respect to the determination of the amount payable by the Corporate Taxpayer pursuant to this Section 4.1(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Corporate Taxpayer breaches this Agreement, the
TRA Party Representatives shall be entitled to elect jointly (upon the agreement of the TRA Party Representatives representing more than 50% of the Relative Interests of the TRA Parties) on behalf of all TRA Parties for such TRA Parties to receive
the amounts referred to in this Section 4.1(b) or to seek specific performance of the terms under this Agreement. The parties agree that the failure to make any payment due pursuant to this Agreement within three
(3) months of the date such payment is due shall be deemed to be 

18 

a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement for all purposes of this Agreement, and that it will not be considered to be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement to make
a payment due pursuant to this Agreement within three (3) months of the date such payment is due. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, it shall not be a breach of a material obligation under this Agreement if the
Corporate Taxpayer fails to make any Tax Benefit Payment when due to the extent that the Corporate Taxpayer has insufficient funds to make such payment despite using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain funds to make such payment;
provided that (i) the interest provisions of Section 5.2 shall apply to such late payment and (ii) solely with respect to a Tax Benefit Payment, if the Corporate Taxpayer does not have sufficient
cash to make such payment as a result of limitations imposed by any credit agreements to which OpCo or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, Section 5.2 shall apply, but the Default Rate shall be replaced by the Agreed
Rate. 

(c) In the event of a Change of Control, all obligations hereunder shall be accelerated and such obligations shall
be calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date of such Change of Control. Procedures similar to the procedures of Section 4.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, with respect to the
determination of the amount payable by the Corporate Taxpayer pursuant to this Section 4.1(c). 

Section 4.2 Early Termination Notice. If the Corporate Taxpayer chooses to exercise its right of early
termination under Section 4.1(a) above, the Corporate Taxpayer shall deliver to the TRA Party Representatives notice of such intention to exercise such right (Early Termination Notice). In addition,
if the Corporate Taxpayer chooses to exercise its right of early termination under Section 4.1(a) above, or the obligations under this Agreement are accelerated under Section 4.1(b) or
Section 4.1(c) above, the Corporate Taxpayer shall deliver to the TRA Party Representatives a schedule (the Early Termination Schedule) showing in reasonable detail the calculation of the Early
Termination Payment due to each TRA Party. Such Early Termination Schedule shall become final and binding on all parties consistent with the procedures described in Section 2.3(a). 

Section 4.3 Payment upon Early Termination. 

(a) Subject to its right to withdraw any notice of Early Termination pursuant to Section 4.1(a),
within five (5) calendar days after an Early Termination Effective Date, the Corporate Taxpayer shall pay to each TRA Party an amount equal to the Early Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party. Such payment shall be made by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account previously designated by the TRA Party or as otherwise agreed by the Corporate Taxpayer and such TRA Party. 

(b) The Early Termination Payment in respect of a TRA Party shall equal, without duplication, (i) the
present value, discounted at the Early Termination Rate as of the applicable Early Termination Effective Date, of all Tax Benefit Payments in respect of such TRA Party that would be required to be paid by the Corporate Taxpayer beginning from the
Early Termination Date and assuming that the Valuation Assumptions in respect of such TRA Party are applied, plus (ii) any Tax Benefit Payment due and payable with respect to such TRA Party that is unpaid as of the date of the Early

19 

Termination Notice, plus (iii) any Tax Benefit Payment not yet due and payable with respect to such TRA Party for a Taxable Year ending prior to the date of the Early Termination Notice,
plus (iv) any interest accruing on the amounts described in clauses (i) through (iii) (which shall include interest accruing on the amount described in clause (i) from the date of the Early Termination
Notice). For the avoidance of doubt, no TRA Party shall be required to return any portion of any previously received Early Termination Payment in the event of a later determination occurring after the date on which such Early Termination Payment was
made. 

ARTICLE V SUBORDINATION AND LATE PAYMENTS

Section 5.1 Subordination. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any
Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment required to be made by the Corporate Taxpayer to the TRA Parties under this Agreement shall rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to any principal, interest or other amounts due and payable
in respect of any obligations in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of the Corporate Taxpayer and its Subsidiaries (Senior Obligations) and shall rank pari passu in right of payment with all current
or future unsecured obligations of the Corporate Taxpayer that are not Senior Obligations. To the extent that any payment under this Agreement is not permitted to be made at the time payment is due as a result of this
Section 5.1 and the terms of agreements governing Senior Obligations, such payment obligation nevertheless shall accrue for the benefit of TRA Parties and the Corporate Taxpayer shall make such payments at the first
opportunity that such payments are permitted to be made in accordance with the terms of the Senior Obligations. Payments under any tax receivable agreement (or similar agreement) entered into by the Corporate Taxpayer, OpCo or their
Subsidiaries after the date hereof shall be subordinate to all payments owed pursuant to this Agreement, and no such payments shall be made for so long as the Corporate Taxpayer has any unpaid obligation pursuant this Agreement. 

Section 5.2 Late Payments by the Corporate Taxpayer. The amount of all or any portion of any Tax
Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment or other payment not made to the TRA Parties when due under the terms of this Agreement, whether as a result of Section 5.1 or otherwise, shall be payable together with any
interest thereon, computed at the Default Rate (or, if so provided in Section 4.1(b), at the Agreed Rate) and commencing from the date on which such Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment was first due and payable
to the date of actual payment. 

ARTICLE VI NO DISPUTES; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION

Section 6.1 Participation in the Corporate Taxpayers and
OpCos Tax Matters. Except as otherwise provided herein and the LLC Agreement, the Corporate Taxpayer shall have full responsibility for, and sole discretion over, all Tax matters concerning the Corporate
Taxpayer and OpCo, including without limitation the preparation, filing or amending of any Tax Return and defending, contesting or settling any issue pertaining to Taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporate Taxpayer shall notify the TRA
Party Representatives of, and keep the TRA Party Representatives reasonably informed with respect to, the portion of any audit of the Corporate Taxpayer and OpCo by a Taxing Authority the outcome of which is reasonably

20 

expected to materially affect the rights and obligations of a TRA Party under this Agreement, and shall provide to the TRA Party Representatives reasonable opportunity to provide information and
other input to the Corporate Taxpayer, OpCo and their respective advisors concerning the conduct of any such portion of such audit, which information and other input the Corporate Taxpayer and OpCo, as applicable, shall consider in good faith. 

Section 6.2 Consistency. The Corporate Taxpayer and the TRA Parties agree to report and cause to be
reported for all purposes, including U.S. federal, state and local tax purposes and financial reporting purposes, all Tax-related items (including, without limitation, the Basis Adjustments and each Tax
Benefit Payment) in a manner consistent with that contemplated by this Agreement or specified by the Corporate Taxpayer in any Schedule required to be provided by or on behalf of the Corporate Taxpayer under this Agreement unless otherwise required
by law. The Corporate Taxpayer shall (and shall cause OpCo and its other Subsidiaries to) use reasonable efforts (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account the interests and entitlements of all TRA Parties under this Agreement) to defend the
Tax treatment contemplated by this Agreement and any Schedule in any audit, contest or similar proceeding with any Taxing Authority. 

Section 6.3 Cooperation. Each of the Corporate Taxpayer, OpCo and the TRA Parties shall
(a) furnish to the other parties in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as the other party may reasonably request for purposes of making any determination or computation necessary or appropriate under this Agreement,
preparing any Tax Return or defending any audit, examination or controversy with any Taxing Authority, (b) make itself reasonably available to the other parties and their respective representatives to provide explanations of documents and
material and such other information as the other party or its representatives may reasonably request in connection with any of the matters described in clause (a) above, and (c) reasonably cooperate in connection with any such
matter, and the Corporate Taxpayer shall reimburse each TRA Party for any reasonable third-party costs and expenses incurred by such TRA Party pursuant to this Section 6.3 at the request of the Corporate Taxpayer or OpCo.

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.1 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed duly given and received (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, or by fax or email with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting equipment or (b) on the first Business Day following
the date of dispatch if delivered by a recognized next-day courier service. All notices hereunder shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing
by the party to receive such notice: 

If to the Corporate Taxpayer, to: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

21 

Attention: Zack Arnold, President & Chief Executive Officer 

Phone: (304) 212-2350

Email: zarnold@infinitynr.com; legal@infinitynr.com

With a required copy to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas
77002 

Attention: Matthew R. Pacey, P.C. and Michael W. Rigdon, P.C. 

Email: matt.pacey@kirkland.com

michael.rigdon@kirkland.com

If to the Pearl Representative: 

Pearl Energy Investments L.P. 

2100 McKinney Ave., Suite 1675 

Dallas, TX 75201 

Attention:
David Levinson 

Email: dlevinson@pearl-energy.com

With a required copy to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas
77002 

Attention: Matthew R. Pacey, P.C. and Michael W. Rigdon, P.C. 

Email: matt.pacey@kirkland.com

michael.rigdon@kirkland.com

If to the NGP Representative: 

Natural Gas Partners 

2850 N.
Harwood Street, 19th Floor 

Dallas, TX 75201 

Attention: Brian Seline 

Email:
bseline@ngpenergy.com

If to the Management Representative: 

Zack Arnold 

2605 Cranberry
Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Phone: (304) 212-2350

Email: zarnold@infinitynr.com

With a required copy to: 

Kirkland & Ellis LLP 

609 Main Street 

Houston, Texas
77002 

Attention: Matthew R. Pacey, P.C. and Michael W. Rigdon, P.C. 

Email: matt.pacey@kirkland.com

michael.rigdon@kirkland.com

22 

Any party may change its address, fax number or email by giving the other party written
notice of its new address, fax number or email in the manner set forth above. 

Section 7.2
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties
and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed
counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 7.3 Entire Agreement; No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

Section 7.4 Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware. 

Section 7.5 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

Section 7.6 Successors; Assignment; ROFR; Amendments; Waivers. 

(a) No TRA Party may assign, sell, pledge or otherwise alienate or transfer any of its rights under this Agreement to any
Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if any TRA Party desires to sell, exchange, distribute or otherwise transfer Units to any Person (other than the Corporate Taxpayer or the OpCo) in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement, such
TRA Party shall comply in all respects with the provisions set forth in Section 7.6(b) below in respect of the transfer of its rights under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Units, and (ii) once an
Exchange has occurred, any and all payments that may become payable to a TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such Exchange may be assigned to any Person or Persons; provided, in each

23 

case, that such Person has satisfied the Joinder Requirement; provided, further, in the case of clause (i), if a TRA Party transfers Units to its Affiliate in accordance with
the terms of the LLC Agreement, such TRA Party is not required to assign to the transferee of such Units its rights under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Units and, in such case, such TRA Party shall continue to be entitled to
receive the Tax Benefit Payments arising in respect of a subsequent Exchange of such Units. For purposes of this Agreement, the Joinder Requirement shall mean that suchPerson has executed and delivered a joinder to this
Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, agreeing to succeed to the applicable portion of such TRA Partys interest in this Agreement and become a TRA Party for all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise
provided in such joinder. 

(b) If any TRA Party (the ROFR Selling Party) desires to sell, exchange,
distribute or otherwise transfer Units to any Person other than the Corporate Taxpayer, the OpCo or such TRA Partys Affiliate in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement (such Person, the Third-Party Buyer and such
sale, exchange distribution or transfer, a ROFR Transfer), then the Corporate Taxpayer shall have a right of first refusal (a ROFR Right) with respect to such TRA Partys rights under this Agreement,
including the right to receive the Tax Benefit Payments, in respect of such Units (collectively, the TRA Rights) in accordance with this Section 7.6(b). The ROFR Selling Party shall deliver written notice
of its desire to effect such ROFR Transfer (the ROFR Offer Notice), which ROFR Offer Notice shall include the proposed material terms thereof, including the purchase price payable for the TRA Rights (the ROFR Offer
Price). The delivery of the ROFR Offer Notice shall constitute an irrevocable commitment by the ROFR Selling Party to sell the TRA Rights to the Corporate Taxpayer for the applicable ROFR Offer Price in accordance with the ROFR Offer
Notice. Following receipt of the ROFR Offer Notice, the Corporate Taxpayer shall have a period of up to 20 days (the ROFR Offer Period) to elect to purchase, in cash, the TRA Rights at the ROFR Offer Price and on the same terms
and conditions set forth in the ROFR Offer Notice, by delivery of a written notice of such election to the ROFR Selling Party (the ROFR Acceptance Notice) within the ROFR Offer Period. If the Corporate Taxpayer does not elect to
purchase the TRA Rights within the ROFR Offer Period, then the ROFR Selling Party need not sell the TRA Rights to the Corporate Taxpayer, and for a period of 60 days following the end of the ROFR Offer Period (the ROFR Solicitation
Period), the ROFR Selling Party may sell the TRA Rights to the applicable Third-Party Buyer for the applicable ROFR Offer Price and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the ROFR Offer Notice. If the TRA Rights are not sold within the
ROFR Solicitation Period or to the Corporate Taxpayer, the ROFR Selling Party may not sell the TRA Rights without again complying in full with the provisions of this Section 7.6(b). 

(c) No provision of this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is approved in writing by each of the Corporate
Taxpayer and by the TRA Parties who would be entitled to receive at least two-thirds of the total amount of the Early Termination Payments payable to all TRA Parties hereunder if the Corporate Taxpayer had
exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such amendment (excluding, for purposes of this sentence, all payments made to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement since the date of such most recent

24 

Exchange); provided that no such amendment shall be effective if such amendment will have a disproportionate effect on the payments one or more TRA Parties receive under this
Agreement unless such amendment is consented in writing by such TRA Parties disproportionately affected who would be entitled to receive at least two-thirds of the total amount of the Early Termination
Payments payable to all TRA Parties disproportionately affected hereunder if the Corporate Taxpayer had exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior to such amendment (excluding, for purposes of this
sentence, all payments made to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement since the date of such most recent Exchange). No provision of this Agreement may be waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the party against whom the waiver is to
be effective. 

(d) All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of
and shall be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Corporate Taxpayer shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Corporate Taxpayer, by written agreement, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent
that the Corporate Taxpayer would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

Section 7.7
Disputes.Any suit, dispute, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement
which is not governed by Section 7.8 and cannot be settled amicably (each, a Dispute) shall be heard in the state or federal courts of the State of Delaware, and the parties hereby consent to the
exclusive jurisdiction of such court (and of the appropriate appellate courts) in any Dispute and waives any objection to venue laid therein. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PROCESS IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE MAY BE SERVED ON ANY PARTY
ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD, WHETHER WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT (INCLUDING BY PREPAID CERTIFIED MAIL WITH A VALIDATED PROOF OF MAILING RECEIPT) AND SHALL HAVE THE SAME LEGAL FORCE AND EFFECT AS IF SERVED UPON SUCH PARTY
PERSONALLY WITHIN THE STATE OF DELAWARE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS REFERRED TO IN SECTION 7.1 (INCLUDING BY PREPAID
CERTIFIED MAIL WITH A VALIDATED PROOF OF MAILING RECEIPT), TOGETHER WITH WRITTEN NOTICE OF SUCH SERVICE TO SUCH PARTY, SHALL BE DEEMED EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON SUCH PARTY. 

Section 7.8 Reconciliation. In the event that the Corporate Taxpayer and any TRA Party
Representatives are unable to resolve a disagreement with respect to a Schedule (Reconciliation Dispute), the Reconciliation Dispute shall be submitted for determination to a nationally recognized expert (the
Expert) in the particular area of disagreement mutually acceptable to both parties. The Expert shall be a partner, principal or senior employee in a nationally recognized accounting or law firm, and unless the Corporate Taxpayer
and such TRA Party Representative(s) agree otherwise, the Expert shall not, and the firm that employs the 

25 

Expert shall not, have any material relationship with the Corporate Taxpayer or such TRA Party Representative(s) or other actual or potential conflict of interest. If the Corporate Taxpayer and
such TRA Party Representative(s) are unable to agree on an Expert within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt by the respondent(s) of written notice of a Reconciliation Dispute, the Expert shall be appointed by the American Arbitration
Association. The Expert shall resolve any matter relating to a Schedule or an amendment thereto within (15) calendar days or as soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable, in each case, after the matter has been submitted to the Expert for
resolution. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the matter is not resolved before any payment that is the subject of a disagreement would be due (in the absence of such disagreement) or any Tax Return reflecting the subject of a
disagreement is due, the undisputed amount shall be paid on the date prescribed by this Agreement and such Tax Return may be filed as prepared by the Corporate Taxpayer, subject to adjustment or amendment upon resolution. The costs and expenses
relating to the engagement of such Expert or amending any Tax Return shall be borne by the Corporate Taxpayer except as provided in the next sentence. The Corporate Taxpayer and such TRA Party Representative(s) shall bear their own costs and
expenses of such proceeding, unless (a) the Expert adopts the TRA Party Representatives position, in which case the Corporate Taxpayer shall reimburse the TRA Party Representative(s) for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding, or (b) the Expert adopts the Corporate Taxpayers position, in which case the TRA Party Representative(s) shall reimburse the Corporate Taxpayer
for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding. The Expert shall finally determine any Reconciliation Dispute and the determinations of the
Expert pursuant to this Section 7.8 shall be binding on the Corporate Taxpayer and each of the TRA Parties and may be entered and enforced in any court having jurisdiction. 

Section 7.9 Withholding. The Corporate Taxpayer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
payment payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as the Corporate Taxpayer is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any provision of U.S. state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent
that amounts are so deducted or withheld and paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority by the Corporate Taxpayer, such deducted or withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect
of whom such deduction or withholding was made. Each TRA Party shall promptly provide the Corporate Taxpayer, OpCo or other applicable withholding agent with any applicable Tax forms and certifications (including IRS Form W-9 or the applicable version of IRS Form W-8) reasonably requested in connection with determining whether any such deductions and withholdings are required under the Code or
any provision of U.S. state, local or foreign tax law. The Corporate Taxpayer will consider in good faith any applicable certificates, forms or documentation provided by a TRA Party that in such TRA Partys reasonable determination reduce or
eliminate any such withholding. 

Section 7.10 Admission of the Corporate Taxpayer into a Consolidated
Group; Transfers of Corporate Assets. 

(a) If the Corporate Taxpayer is or becomes a member of an affiliated or
consolidated group of corporations that files a consolidated income tax return pursuant to Sections 1501 et seq. of the Code or any corresponding provisions of state or local law, then: (i) the provisions of this Agreement shall be applied with
respect to the group as a whole; and (ii) Tax Benefit Payments, Early Termination Payments and other applicable items hereunder shall be computed with reference to the consolidated taxable income of the group as a whole. 

26 

(b) If the Corporate Taxpayer (or any member thereof) transfers one or more
Reference Assets to a corporation (or a Person classified as a corporation for U.S. income tax purposes) other than a member of a group described in Section 7.10(a) (or if any entity that holds Reference Assets transfers
any Reference Asset to a corporation (or a Person classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) other than a member of a group described in Section 7.10(a)), such entity, for purposes of calculating the
amount of any Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment due hereunder, shall be treated as having disposed of such Reference Asset in a fully taxable transaction on the date of such transfer. The consideration deemed to be received by such
entity shall be equal to the fair market value of the transferred Reference Assets plus the amount of any debt to which such Reference Assets is subject. For purposes of this Section 7.10(b), a transfer of a partnership
interest shall be treated as a transfer of the transferring partners share of each of the assets and liabilities of that partnership. If any member of a group described in Section 7.10(a) that directly or
indirectly owns any equity interests in OpCo ceases to be a member of such group (or the Corporate Taxpayer deconsolidates for U.S. federal income tax purposes from that group), then, except as otherwise agreed by the TRA Party Representatives
representing more than 50% of the Relative Interests of the TRA Parties, such deconsolidated members of the group shall be treated prior to deconsolidation as having disposed of their directly or indirectly held equity of OpCo in a fully taxable
transaction for consideration calculated in a manner consistent with the provisions of the preceding sentences. Notwithstanding anything to contrary set forth herein, if the Corporate Taxpayer, its successor in interest or any member of a group
described in Section 7.10(a) transfers its assets pursuant to a transaction described in Section 351 of the Code, pursuant to a transaction that qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code or pursuant to any other transaction to which Section 381(a) of the Code applies, the transfer will not cause such entity to be treated as having transferred any assets to a corporation (or a Person classified as
a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) pursuant to this Section 7.10(b) so long as the relevant successor is bound by the provisions of this Agreement. 

Section 7.11 Confidentiality. 

(a) Each TRA Party and each of their assignees acknowledge and agree that the information of the Corporate Taxpayer is
confidential and, except in the course of performing any duties as necessary for the Corporate Taxpayer and its Affiliates, as required by law or legal process or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, such person shall keep and retain in the
strictest confidence and not disclose to any Person any confidential matters, acquired pursuant to this Agreement, of the Corporate Taxpayer and its Affiliates and successors, concerning OpCo and its Affiliates and successors or the members, learned
by the TRA Party heretofore or hereafter. This Section 7.11 shall not apply to (i) any information that has been made publicly available by the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its Affiliates (including as a
result of public reporting obligations), becomes public knowledge (except as a result of an act of the TRA Party in violation of this Agreement) or is generally known to the business community and (ii) the disclosure

27 

of information to the extent necessary for the TRA Party to prepare and file its Tax Returns, to respond to any inquiries regarding the same from any Taxing Authority or to prosecute or defend
any action, proceeding or audit by any Taxing Authority with respect to such returns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each TRA Party and each of their assignees (and each employee, representative or other agent of the TRA Party or
its assignees, as applicable) may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Corporate Taxpayer, OpCo and their Affiliates, and any of their transactions, and all materials of any kind
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the TRA Party relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 

(b) If a TRA Party or an assignee commits a breach, or threatens to commit a breach, of any of the provisions of this
Section 7.11, the Corporate Taxpayer shall have the right and remedy to have the provisions of this Section 7.11 specifically enforced by injunctive relief or otherwise by any court of competent
jurisdiction without the need to post any bond or other security, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause irreparable injury to the Corporate Taxpayer or any of its Subsidiaries or the TRA Parties and
the accounts and funds managed by the Corporate Taxpayer and that money damages alone shall not provide an adequate remedy to such Persons. Such rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies
available at law or in equity. 

Section 7.12 Change in Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if, in connection with an actual or proposed change in law, an TRA Party reasonably believes that the existence of this Agreement could have material adverse tax consequences to such TRA Party or any direct or indirect owner of such TRA
Party, then at the written election of such TRA Party at its sole discretion and to the extent specified therein by such TRA Party, this Agreement (a) shall cease to have further effect with respect to such TRA Party, (b) shall not apply
to an Exchange by such TRA Party occurring after a date specified by such TRA Party, or (c) shall otherwise be amended in a manner determined by such TRA Party; provided that such amendment shall not result in an increase in or
acceleration of payments under this Agreement at any time as compared to the amounts and times of payments that would have been due in the absence of such amendment. 

Section 7.13 Tax Characterization and Elections. The parties intend that (a) each Exchange shall
give rise to Basis Adjustments, and (b) payments pursuant to this Agreement with respect to an Exchange (except with respect to amounts that constitute Imputed Interest) shall be treated as consideration in respect of such Exchange that give
rise to additional Basis Adjustments, and the parties will not take any position on a tax return, audit, examination or other proceeding inconsistent with any of the intended tax treatment described in this Section 7.13
except upon an applicable contrary final Determination. The Corporate Taxpayer will ensure that, on and after the date hereof and continuing through the term of this Agreement, OpCo and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries that it controls
and that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will have in effect an election under Section 754 of the Code. 

28 

Section 7.14 TRA Party Representative. Any TRA Party
Representative may resign upon thirty (30) calendar days written notice to the Corporate Taxpayer. All reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred by any TRA Party Representative in its capacity as such shall be promptly reimbursed by the Corporate Taxpayer upon invoice and reasonable support therefor by the applicable TRA Party Representative. To the fullest extent permitted by law,
none of the TRA Party Representatives, any of their Affiliates, or any of the TRA Party Representatives or Affiliates directors, officers, employees or other agents (each a Covered Person) shall be liable, responsible
or accountable in damages or otherwise to any TRA Party, OpCo or the Corporate Taxpayer for damages arising from any action taken or omitted to be taken by a TRA Party Representative or any other Person with respect to OpCo or the Corporate
Taxpayer, except in the case of any action or omission which constitutes, with respect to such Person, willful misconduct or fraud. Each of the Covered Persons may consult with legal counsel, accountants, and other experts selected by it, and any
act or omission suffered or taken by it on behalf of the TRA Parties or in furtherance of the interests of the TRA Parties in good faith in reliance upon and in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants, or other experts shall create a
rebuttable presumption of the good faith and due care of such Covered Person with respect to such act or omission; provided that such counsel, accountants, or other experts were selected with reasonable care. Each of the Covered Persons may
rely in good faith upon, and shall have no liability to OpCo, the Corporate Taxpayer or the TRA Parties for acting or refraining from acting upon, any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order,
bond, debenture, or other paper or document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 

[The remainder of this page is intentionally blank] 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporate Taxpayer and each TRA Party have duly executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above. 

CORPORATE TAXPAYER:

INFINITY NATURAL

RESOURCES,
INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

TRA PARTIES:

/s/ Zack Arnold

Zack Arnold

/s/ David Sproule

David Sproule

/s/ Ian Costello

Ian Costello

/s/ Ryan Warner

Ryan Warner

/s/ Britney Crookshanks

Britney Crookshanks

/s/ Gregory Pipkin

Gregory Pipkin

/s/ Michael E. Sproule

Michael E. Sproule

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

By: 

/s/ Steven Gray

Name: Steven Gray

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

SD GRAY FAMILY PARTNERSHIP LP

By: SD Gray Management Co., its general partner

By: 

/s/ Steven Gray

Name: Steven D. Gray

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

PEARL ENERGY INVESTMENTS, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment GP, LP., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

PEARL ENERGY INVESTMENTS III, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, L.P., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

PEI INFINITY-S, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, L.P., its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

PEI INR HOLDINGS, L.P.

By: Pearl Energy Investment III GP, L.P.,

its general partner

By: Pearl Energy Investment III UGP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

PEI INR CO-INVEST B, CORP

By: 

/s/ William Quinn

Name: William Quinn

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

NGP XI US HOLDINGS, L.P.

By: NGP XI Holdings GP, L.L.C., its general partner

By: 

/s/ Chris Carter

Name: Chris Carter

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to Tax
Receivable Agreement] 

Annex A 

TRA Parties 

TRA Parties 

The Applicable TRA Party Representative

Zack Arnold 

Management Representative

David Sproule 

Management Representative

Ian Costello 

Management Representative

Ryan Warner 

Management Representative

Britney Crookshanks 

Management Representative

Gregory Pipkin 

Management Representative

Michael E. Sproule 

Management Representative

Steven D. Gray 

Management Representative

SD Gray Family Partnership LP 

Management Representative

Pearl Energy Investments, L.P. 

Pearl Representative

Pearl Energy Investments III, L.P. 

Pearl Representative

PEI Infinity-S, LP 

Pearl Representative

PEI INR Holdings, L.P. 

Pearl Representative

PEI INR
Co-Invest-B, Corp 

Pearl Representative

NGP XI US Holdings, L.P. 

NGP Representative

Exhibit A 

Form of Joinder Agreement 

This JOINDER (this Joinder) to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below), is between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (including any successor corporation, the Corporate Taxpayer),(Transferor)
and(Permitted Transferee). 

WHEREAS, on,
Permitted Transferee shall acquirepercent of the Transferors right to receive payments that may become due and payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below) (the Acquired
Interests) from Transferor (the Acquisition); and 

WHEREAS, Transferor, in connection with the
Acquisition, has required Permitted Transferee to execute and deliver this Joinder pursuant to Section 7.6(a) of the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of [], between the Corporate Taxpayer and each of the TRA Parties that are from time
to time a party thereto (the Tax Receivable Agreement). 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section 1.1 Definitions. To the extent capitalized words used in this Joinder are not defined in this Joinder, such words
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Section 1.2 Acquisition. For good and
valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by Transferor and Permitted Transferee, Transferor hereby transfers and assigns absolutely to Permitted Transferee all of the Acquired Interests. 

Section 1.3 Joinder. Permitted Transferee hereby acknowledges and agrees (i) that it has received and read the Tax
Receivable Agreement, (ii) that Permitted Transferee is acquiring the Acquired Interests in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tax Receivable Agreement and (iii) to become a TRA Party (as defined in
the Tax Receivable Agreement) for all purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Section 1.4 Notice. Any notice, request,
consent, claim, demand, approval, waiver or other communication hereunder to Permitted Transferee shall be delivered or sent to Permitted Transferee at the address set forth on the signature page hereto in accordance with Section 7.1 of the Tax
Receivable Agreement. 

Section 1.5 Governing Law. This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
law of the State of Delaware. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporate Taxpayer, Transferor and Permitted Transferee have
duly executed this Joinder as of the date first written above. 

CORPORATE TAXPAYER:

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRANSFEROR:

TRANSFEROR

By: 

Name:

Title:

PERMITTED TRANSFEREE:

PERMITTED TRANSFEREE

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address for Notice to Permitted Transferee: 

[Signature Page to
Joinder Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d894988dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

OMNIBUS
INCENTIVE PLAN 

ARTICLE I 

PURPOSE

The purpose of this Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (this Plan) is to promote the
success of the Companys business for the benefit of its stockholders by enabling the Company to offer Eligible Individuals cash and stock-based incentives in order to attract, retain, and reward such
individuals and strengthen the mutuality of interests between such individuals and the Companys stockholders. This Plan is effective as of the date set forth in Article XIV. 

ARTICLE II 

DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Plan, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

2.1Affiliate means a corporation or other entity controlled by, controlling, or under common
control with the Company. The term control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise. 

2.2Applicable Law means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards
and the related shares under U.S. state corporate law, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the rules or requirements of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the shares are listed or quoted, and any other applicable laws, including tax
laws, of any U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions where Awards are, or will be, granted under this Plan. 

2.3Award means any award under this Plan of any Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Award, Other Stock-Based Award, or Cash Award. All Awards shall be evidenced by and subject to the terms of an Award Agreement. 

2.4Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement, contract, certificate, or other
instrument or document evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Award. Each Award Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan. 

2.5Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1 

2.6Cash Award means an Award granted to an
Eligible Individual pursuant to Section 9.3 of this Plan and payable in cash at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

2.7Cause means, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in the applicable Award
Agreement, with respect to a Participants Termination of Service, the following: (a) in the case where there is no employment agreement, offer letter, consulting agreement, change in control agreement, or similar agreement in effect
between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant at the time of the grant of the Award (or where there is such agreement in effect but it does not define cause (or words of like import)), the Participants (i) act or
omission that could reasonably be expected to result in (or has resulted in) the Participants conviction of, plea of nolo contendere to, or imposition of unadjudicated probation for any (A) felony, (B) indictable offense or (C) other
crime or offense causing substantial harm to the Company an Affiliate or involving acts of theft, fraud, embezzlement, moral turpitude or similar conduct; (ii) failure to substantially perform the Participants duties (other than a failure
resulting from the Participants Disability), as determined by the Committee, or malfeasance in the conduct of Participants duties, including, but not limited to, (A) misuse or diversion of funds or property of the Company or an
Affiliate, (B) embezzlement, or (C) misrepresentations or concealments, including without limitation on any written reports or documents submitted to the Company or an Affiliate; (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct with
respect to the Company or an Affiliate; (iv) material violation of the Companys policies or codes of conduct, including policies related to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, or ethical misconduct;
(v) failure to carry out, or comply with, any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board or the Participants immediate supervisor, as determined by the Committee; (vi) unlawful use (including being under the influence) or
possession of illegal drugs on the premises of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or while performing the Participants duties and responsibilities for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (vi) any breach of any non-competition,non-solicitation,no-hire, or confidentiality covenant between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate; or
(b) in the case where there is an employment agreement, offer letter, consulting agreement, change in control agreement, or similar agreement in effect between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant at the time of the grant of the
Award that defines cause (or words of like import), cause as defined under such agreement; provided, however, that with regard to any agreement under which the definition of cause only applies on occurrence of a
change in control, such definition of cause shall not apply until a change in control (as defined in such agreement) actually takes place and then only with regard to a termination thereafter. 

2.8Change in Control means and includes each of the following, unless otherwise determined by
the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement with a Participant approved by the Committee: 

(a) any Person
(other than the Company, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan of the Company, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as
their ownership of the Company), becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more
of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, excluding for purposes herein, acquisitions pursuant to a Business Combination (as defined below) that does not constitute a Change in Control as defined in
Section 2.8(b); 

2 

(b) a merger, reorganization, or consolidation of the Company or in which equity securities
of the Company are issued (each, a Business Combination), other than a merger, reorganization or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its direct or indirect parent) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or
such surviving entity (or, as applicable, a direct or indirect parent of the Company or such surviving entity) outstanding immediately after such merger, reorganization or consolidation; provided, however, that a merger, reorganization or
consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person (other than those covered by the exceptions in Section 2.8(a)) acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
Companys then outstanding securities shall not constitute a Change in Control; 

(c) during the period of two (2) consecutive
years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new director(s) (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in
Sections 2.8(a) or (b)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either
were directors at the beginning of the two (2) year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or 

(d) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the consummation of a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets other than the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a Person or Persons who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting
power of the outstanding voting securities of the Company at the time of the sale. 

For purposes of this Section 2.8, acquisitions of securities of
the Company by Pearl Energy Investments, Pearl INR Holdings, L.P., Pearl Energy Investments III, L.P., PEI Infinity-S, LP, any of their respective affiliates (collectively, Pearl),
NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. (NGP) or any investment vehicle or fund controlled by or managed by, or otherwise affiliated with Pearl or NGP shall not constitute a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
with respect to any Award that is characterized as nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, an event shall not be considered to be a Change in Control under this Plan for purposes of payment
of such Award unless such event is also a change in ownership, a change in effective control, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of
Section 409A of the Code. 

2.9Change in Control Price means the highest price per
Share paid in any transaction related to a Change in Control as determined by the Committee in its discretion. 

2.10Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Any reference to any section of the Code shall also be a reference to any successor provision and any guidance and treasury
regulation promulgated thereunder. 

3 

2.11Committee means any committee of the
Board duly authorized by the Board to administer this Plan; provided, however, that unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Committee shall consist solely of two or more members of the Board who are each (a) a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b), and (b) independent under the listing standards or rules of the securities exchange upon
which the Common Stock is traded, but only to the extent such independence is required in order to take the action at issue pursuant to such standards or rules. If no committee is duly authorized by the Board to administer this Plan, the term
Committee shall be deemed to refer to the Board for all purposes under this Plan. The Board may abolish any Committee or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority from time to time, and
will retain the right to exercise the authority of the Committee to the extent consistent with Applicable Law. 

2.12Common Stock means the Class A common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company. 

2.13Company means Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors
by operation of law. 

2.14Consultant means any natural person who is an advisor or
consultant or other service provider to the Company or any of its Affiliates. 

2.15Disability means, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement, with respect to a Participants Termination of Service, that the Participant is unable to engage in any
substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment, after accounting for reasonable accommodations (if applicable and required by Applicable Law); provided, however, for purposes of an Incentive
Stock Option, the term Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. The determination of whether an individual has a Disability shall be determined by the Committee, and the Committee may rely on any
determination that a Participant is disabled for purposes of benefits under any long-term disability plan in which a Participant participates that is maintained by the Company or any Affiliate. 

2.16Dividend Equivalent Rights means a right granted to a Participant under this Plan to
receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. 

2.17Effective
Date means the effective date of this Plan as defined in Article XIV. 

2.18Eligible
Employee means each employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates. An employee on a leave of absence may be an Eligible Employee. 

2.19Eligible Individual means an Eligible Employee,
Non-Employee Director, or Consultant who is designated by the Committee in its discretion as eligible to receive Awards subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

2.20Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.
Reference to a specific section of the Exchange Act or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or interpretation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or
regulation amending, supplementing, or superseding such section or regulation. 

4 

2.21Fair Market Value means, for purposes of
this Plan, unless otherwise required by any applicable provision of the Code or any regulations issued thereunder, as of any date and except as provided below, the last sales price reported for the Common Stock on the applicable date: (a) as
reported on the principal national securities exchange in the United States on which it is then traded, listed or otherwise reported or quoted or (b) if the Common Stock is not traded, listed, or otherwise reported or quoted, the Committee
shall determine in good faith the Fair Market Value in whatever manner it considers appropriate, taking into account the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of the grant of any Award, the applicable date shall be the trading
day immediately prior to the date on which the Award is granted. For purposes of the exercise of any Award, the applicable date shall be the date a notice of exercise is received by the Committee or, if not a date on which the applicable market is
open, the next day that it is open. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award granted on the pricing date of the Companys initial public offering, the Fair Market Value shall mean the initial public offering price of a Share as
set forth in the Companys final prospectus relating to its initial public offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

2.22Family Member means family member as defined in Section A.1.(a)(5) of the
general instructions of Form S-8.

2.23Incentive Stock
Option means any Stock Option granted to an Eligible Employee who is an employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries under this Plan and that is intended to be, and is designated as, an Incentive Stock Option within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

2.24Non-Employee
Director means a director on the Board who is not an employee of the Company. 

2.25Non-Qualified Stock Option means any Stock Option granted under this Plan that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.26Other Stock-Based Award means an Award granted under Article IX of this Plan that is
valued in whole or in part by reference to, or is payable in or otherwise based on, Shares, but may be settled in the form of Shares or cash. 

2.27Participant means an Eligible Individual to whom an Award has been granted pursuant to
this Plan. 

2.28Performance Award means an Award granted under Article VIII of this Plan.

2.29Performance Goals means goals established by the Committee as contingencies for
Awards to vest and/or become exercisable or distributable. 

2.30Performance Period means
the designated period during which the Performance Goals must be satisfied with respect to the Award to which the Performance Goals relate. 

5 

2.31Person means any person as
such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act. 

2.32Restricted Stock
means an Award of Shares granted under Article VII of this Plan. 

2.33Restricted Stock Unit means
an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Committee to be of equal value as of such settlement date, subject to certain vesting conditions and
other restrictions. 

2.34Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act as then in effect or any successor provision. 

2.35Section 409A of the Code means the nonqualified deferred
compensation rules under Section 409A of the Code and any applicable treasury regulations and other official guidance thereunder. 

2.36Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. Reference to a specific section of the Securities Act or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or interpretation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of
any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing, or superseding such section or regulation. 

2.37Shares means shares of Common Stock. 

2.38Stock Appreciation
Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Article VI of this Plan. 

2.39Stock
Option or Option means any option to purchase Shares granted pursuant to Article VI of this Plan. 

2.40Subsidiary means any subsidiary corporation of the Company within the meaning of
Section 424(f) of the Code. 

2.41Ten Percent Stockholder means a Person owning stock
representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

2.42Termination of Service means the termination of the applicable Participants
employment with, or performance of services for, the Company and its Affiliates. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, (a) if a Participants employment or services with the Company and its Affiliates terminates but such
Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity, such change in status shall not be deemed a Termination of Service with the Company and its Affiliates
and (b) a Participant employed by, or performing services for an Affiliate that ceases to be an Affiliate shall also be deemed to have incurred a Termination of Service provided the Participant does not immediately thereafter become an employee
of the Company or another Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, with respect to any Award that constitutes a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, a
Participant shall not be considered to have experienced a Termination of Service unless the Participant has experienced a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

6 

ARTICLE III 

ADMINISTRATION 

3.1Authority of the Committee.This Plan shall be administered by the Committee. Subject to the terms of this Plan and Applicable Law, the Committee shall have full authority to grant Awards to Eligible Individuals under this Plan.
In particular, the Committee shall have the authority to: 

(a) determine whether and to what extent Awards, or any combination thereof,
are to be granted hereunder to one or more Eligible Individuals; 

(b) determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted
hereunder; 

(c) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, of any Award granted hereunder
(including, but not limited to, the exercise or purchase price (if any), any restriction or limitation, any vesting schedule or acceleration thereof, or any forfeiture restrictions or waiver thereof, regarding any Award and the Shares, if any,
relating thereto, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion); 

(d) determine the amount of
cash to be covered by each Award granted hereunder; 

(e) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances grants of Options
and other Awards under this Plan are to operate on a tandem basis and/or in conjunction with or apart from other awards made by the Company outside of this Plan; 

(f) determine whether and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in cash, Shares, other property, or a combination of the foregoing;

(g) determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances cash, Shares, or other property and other amounts payable with respect
to an Award under this Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant; 

(h) modify, waive, amend, or
adjust the terms and conditions of any Award, at any time or from time to time, including but not limited to Performance Goals; 

(i)
determine whether a Stock Option is an Incentive Stock Option or Non-Qualified Stock Option; 

(j)
determine whether to require a Participant, as a condition of the granting of any Award, to not sell or otherwise dispose of Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise or vesting of an Award for a period of time as determined by the Committee, in its
sole discretion, following the date of the acquisition of such Award or Shares; 

7 

(k) modify, extend, or renew an Award, subject to Article XI and Section 6.8(g) of this
Plan; and 

(l) determine how the Disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or any other change or purported change in a
Participants status affects an Award and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participants legal representative, conservator, guardian or beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable.

3.2Guidelines. Subject to Article XI of this Plan, the Committee shall have the authority to adopt, alter, and
repeal such administrative rules, guidelines, and practices governing this Plan and perform all acts, including the delegation of its responsibilities (to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and applicable stock exchange rules), as it shall, from
time to time, deem advisable; to construe and interpret the terms and provisions of this Plan and any Award issued under this Plan (and any agreements or sub-plans relating thereto); and to otherwise supervise
the administration of this Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan or in any agreement relating thereto in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to effectuate the
purpose and intent of this Plan. The Committee may adopt special rules, sub-plans, guidelines, and provisions for persons who are residing in or employed in, or subject to, the taxes of any domestic or foreign
jurisdictions to satisfy or accommodate applicable foreign laws or to qualify for preferred tax treatment of such domestic or foreign jurisdictions. 

3.3Decisions Final. Any decision, interpretation, or other action made or taken in good faith by or at the direction of
the Company, the Board, or the Committee (or any of its members) arising out of or in connection with this Plan shall be within the absolute discretion of all and each of them, as the case may be, and shall be final, binding, and conclusive on the
Company and all employees and Participants and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns. 

3.4Designation of Consultants/Liability; Delegation of Authority. 

(a) The Committee may employ such legal counsel,
consultants, and agents as it may deem desirable for the administration of this Plan and may rely upon any opinion received from any such counsel or consultant and any computation received from any such consultant or agent. Expenses incurred by the
Committee or the Board in the engagement of any such counsel, consultant, or agent shall be paid by the Company. The Committee, its members, and any person designated pursuant to this Section 3.4 shall not be liable for any action or
determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, no officer of the Company or member or former member of the Committee or of the Board shall be liable for any action or determination made
in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award granted under it. 

8 

(b) The Committee may delegate any or all of its powers and duties under this Plan to a
subcommittee of directors or to any officer of the Company, including the power to perform administrative functions (including executing agreements or other documents on behalf of the Committee) and grant Awards; provided, that such
delegation does not (i) violate Applicable Law, or (ii) result in the loss of an exemption under Rule 16b-3(d)(1) for Awards granted to Participants subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act in
respect of the Company. Upon any such delegation, all references in this Plan to the Committee, shall be deemed to include any subcommittee or officer of the Company to whom such powers have been delegated by the Committee. Any such
delegation shall not limit the right of such subcommittee members or such an officer to receive Awards; provided, however, that such subcommittee members and any such officer may not grant Awards to himself or herself, a member of the
Board, or any executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate, or take any action with respect to any Award previously granted to himself or herself, a member of the Board, or any executive officer of the Company or an Affiliate. The Committee may
also designate employees or professional advisors who are not executive officers of the Company or members of the Board to assist in administering this Plan, provided, however, that such individuals may not be delegated the authority
to grant or modify any Awards that will, or may, be settled in Shares. 

3.5Indemnification. To the maximum extent
permitted by Applicable Law and to the extent not covered by insurance directly insuring such person, each current and former officer or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates and member or former member of the Committee or the Board shall
be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against any cost or expense (including reasonable fees of counsel acceptable to the Committee) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the approval of the Committee), and
advanced amounts necessary to pay the foregoing at the earliest time and to the fullest extent permitted, arising out of any act or omission to act in connection with the administration of this Plan, except to the extent arising out of such
officers, employees, members, or former members own fraud or bad faith. Such indemnification shall be in addition to any right of indemnification that the current or former employee, officer or member may have under
Applicable Law or under the by-laws of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything else herein, this indemnification will not apply to the actions or determinations made by an individual
with regard to Awards granted to such individual under this Plan. 

ARTICLE IV 

SHARE LIMITATION 

4.1Shares. The aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to this Plan shall not exceed 5,888,889 Shares
(subject to any increase or decrease pursuant to this Article IV), which may be either authorized and unissued Shares or Shares held in or acquired for the treasury of the Company or both. The aggregate number of Shares that may be issued or used
with respect to any Incentive Stock Option shall not exceed 5,888,889 Shares (subject to any increase or decrease pursuant to Section 4.3). Any Award under this Plan settled in cash shall not be counted against the foregoing maximum share
limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Shares subject to an Award under this Plan shall again be made available for issuance or delivery under this Plan if such Shares are (i) Shares delivered, withheld or
surrendered in payment of the exercise or purchase price of an Award, (ii) Shares delivered, withheld, or surrendered to satisfy any tax withholding obligation or (iii) Shares subject to a stock-settled Award that expires or is canceled,
forfeited, or terminated without issuance of the full number of Shares to which the Award related. 

9 

4.2Substitute Awards. In connection with an entitys merger or
consolidation with the Company or the Companys acquisition of an entitys property or stock, the Committee may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation
by such entity or its affiliate (Substitute Awards). Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Committee deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in this Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against
the Shares authorized for grant under this Plan (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under this Plan as provided under Section 4.1 above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of
substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under this Plan, as set forth in Section 4.1 above. Additionally, in the event that a
Person acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of
such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grants pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or
valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under this Plan and shall not
reduce the Shares authorized for grant under this Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under this Plan as provided under Section 4.1 above); provided that Awards using such available
shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not
Eligible Employees or Non-Employee Directors prior to such acquisition or combination. 

4.3Adjustments. 

(a) The existence of this Plan and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power
of the Board or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization, or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger or consolidation of the
Company or any Affiliate, (iii) any issuance of bonds, debentures, or preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Shares, (iv) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Affiliate, (v) any sale or transfer
of all or part of the assets or business of the Company or any Affiliate, or (vi) any other corporate act or proceeding. 

(b) Subject
to the provisions of Section 10.1: 

(i) If the Company at any time subdivides (by any split, recapitalization or otherwise) the
outstanding Shares into a greater number of Shares, or combines (by reverse split, combination, or otherwise) its outstanding Shares into a lesser number of Shares, then the respective exercise prices for outstanding Awards that provide for a
Participant-elected exercise and the number of Shares covered by outstanding Awards shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, Participants under this Plan;
provided, that the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine whether an adjustment is appropriate. 

10 

(ii) Excepting transactions covered by Section 4.3(b)(i), if the Company effects any
merger, consolidation, statutory exchange, spin-off, reorganization, sale or transfer of all or substantially all the Companys assets or business, or other corporate transaction or event in such a manner
that the Companys outstanding Shares are converted into the right to receive (or the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive in exchange therefor), either immediately or upon liquidation of the Company, securities or other property of
the Company or other entity, then, subject to the provisions of Section 10.1, (A) the aggregate number or kind of securities that thereafter may be issued under this Plan, (B) the number or kind of securities or other property (including
cash) to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan (including as a result of the assumption of this Plan and the obligations hereunder by a successor entity, as applicable), or (C) the exercise or purchase price thereof, shall be
appropriately adjusted by the Committee to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, Participants under this Plan. 

(iii) If there shall occur any change in the capital structure of the Company other than those covered by Section 4.3(b)(i) or
4.3(b)(ii), any conversion, any adjustment, or any issuance of any class of securities convertible or exercisable into, or exercisable for, any class of equity securities of the Company, then the Committee shall adjust any Award and make such other
adjustments to this Plan to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, Participants under this Plan. 

(iv) In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution
(other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the Share price, including any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative
convenience, the Committee may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award for up to sixty (60) days before or after such transaction. 

(v) The Committee may adjust the Performance Goals applicable to any Awards to reflect any unusual or
non-recurring events and other extraordinary items, impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, and the cumulative effects of accounting or tax changes, each as defined by generally accepted
accounting principles or as identified in the Companys financial statements, notes to the financial statements, managements discussion and analysis, or other Company public filing. 

(vi) Any such adjustment determined by the Committee pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) shall be final, binding, and conclusive on the
Company and all Participants and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and permitted assigns. Any adjustment to, or assumption or substitution of, an Award under this Section 4.3(b) shall be intended to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulation 1.424-1 (and any amendments thereto), to the extent applicable. Except as expressly provided in this Section 4.3 or in the
applicable Award Agreement, a Participant shall have no additional rights under this Plan by reason of any transaction or event described in this Section 4.3. 

11 

4.4Annual Limit on Non-Employee
Director Compensation. In each calendar year during any part of which this Plan is in effect, a Non-Employee Director may not receive Awards for such individuals service on the Board that, taken
together with any cash fees paid to such Non-Employee Director during such calendar year for such individuals service on the Board, have a value in excess of $750,000 (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value
of such Awards for financial reporting purposes); provided, that (a) the Committee may make exceptions to this limit, except that the Non-Employee Director receiving such additional compensation
may not participate in the decision to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous decisions involving compensation for Non-Employee Directors and (b) for any calendar year in which a Non-Employee Director (i) first commences service on the Board, (ii) serves on a special committee of the Board, or (iii) serves as lead director or
non-executive chair of the Board, such limit shall be increased to $1,000,000; provided, further, that the limit set forth in this Section 4.4 shall be applied without regard to Awards or other
compensation, if any, provided to a Non-Employee Director during any period in which such individual was an employee of the Company or any Affiliate or was otherwise providing services to the Company or to any
Affiliate other than in the capacity as a Non-Employee Director. 

ARTICLE V 

ELIGIBILITY 

5.1General Eligibility. All current and prospective Eligible Individuals are eligible to be granted Awards. Eligibility for the grant of Awards and actual participation in this Plan shall be determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion. No Eligible Individual will automatically be granted any Award under this Plan. 

5.2Incentive Stock Options.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, only Eligible Employees who are employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries are eligible to be granted Incentive Stock Options under this Plan. Eligibility for the grant of an Incentive Stock Option and actual
participation in this Plan shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

5.3General Requirement. The
vesting and exercise of Awards granted to a prospective Eligible Individual are conditioned upon such individual actually becoming an Eligible Employee, Consultant, or Non-Employee Director, as applicable.

ARTICLE VI 

STOCK
OPTIONS; STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

6.1General. Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted alone
or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan Each Stock Option granted under this Plan shall be of one of two types: (a) an Incentive Stock Option or (b) a Non-Qualified Stock Option. Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations in this Plan, including any limitations applicable to Incentive Stock Options. 

6.2Grants. The Committee shall have the authority to grant to any Eligible Individual one or more Incentive Stock
Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options, and/or Stock Appreciation Rights; provided, however, that Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to an Eligible Employee who is an employee of the
Company or its Subsidiaries. To the extent that any Stock Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option (whether because of its provisions or the time or manner of its exercise or otherwise), such Stock Option or the portion thereof which
does not so qualify shall constitute a separate Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

12 

6.3Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share subject to a Stock
Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant, provided that the per share exercise price of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall not be less than 100% (or, in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, 110%) of the Fair Market Value at the time of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price
per Share for such Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right may be less than the Fair Market Value on the date of grant; provided, that, such exercise price is determined in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code
and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. 

6.4Term. The term of each Stock Option or Stock Appreciation
Right shall be fixed by the Committee, provided that no Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years (or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, five
(5) years) after the date on which the Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, is granted. 

6.5Exercisability. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.5, Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted under this Plan shall be exercisable at such time or times and
subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant. The Committee may, but shall not be required to, provide for an acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon the occurrence of a specified event.
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, if the exercise of a Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right within the permitted time periods is prohibited because such exercise would violate the
registration requirements under the Securities Act or any other Applicable Law or the rules of any securities exchange or interdealer quotation system, the Companys insider trading policy (including any blackout periods) or a lock-up agreement entered into in connection with the issuance of securities by the Company, then the expiration of such Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock
Appreciation Right shall be extended until the date that is thirty (30) days after the end of the period during which the exercise of the Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right would be in
violation of such registration requirement or other Applicable Law or rules, blackout period or lock-up agreement, as determined by the Committee; provided, however, that in no event shall any such
extension result in any Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right remaining exercisable after the ten (10)-year term of the applicable Non-Qualified Stock
Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

6.6Method of Exercise. Subject to any applicable waiting period or
exercisability provisions under Section 6.5, to the extent vested, Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the term of the applicable Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, by
giving written notice of exercise (which may be electronic) to the Company specifying the number of Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, as applicable, being exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the exercise price
(which shall equal the product of such number of Shares to be purchased multiplied by the applicable exercise price). The exercise price for the Stock Options may be paid upon such terms and conditions as shall be established by the Committee and
set forth in the applicable Award 

13 

Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may establish payment terms for the exercise of Stock Options pursuant to which the Company may withhold a number of Shares that otherwise
would be issued to the Participant in connection with the exercise of the Stock Option having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price, or that permit the Participant to deliver cash or Shares with a Fair Market Value
equal to the exercise price on the date of payment, or through a simultaneous sale through a broker of Shares acquired on exercise, all as permitted by Applicable Law. No Shares shall be issued until payment therefor, as provided herein, has been
made or provided for. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right a Participant shall be entitled to receive, for each right exercised, up to, but no more than, an amount in cash and/or Shares (as chosen by the Committee in its sole discretion)
equal in value to the excess of the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share on the date that the right is exercised over the Fair Market Value of one (1) Share on the date that the right was awarded to the Participant. 

6.7Non-Transferability. No Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be
transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable, during the Participants lifetime, only by the Participant. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion, at the time of grant or thereafter that a Non-Qualified Stock Option that is otherwise not transferable pursuant to this Section 6.7 is
transferable to a Family Member of the Participant in whole or in part and in such circumstances, and under such conditions, as specified by the Committee. A Non-Qualified Stock Option that is transferred to a
Family Member pursuant to the preceding sentence (a) may not be subsequently transferred other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and (b) remains subject to the terms of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.
Any Shares acquired upon the exercise of a Non-Qualified Stock Option by a permissible transferee of a Non-Qualified Stock Option or a permissible transferee pursuant to
a transfer after the exercise of the Non-Qualified Stock Option shall be subject to the terms of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 

6.8Termination. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced,
thereafter, subject to the provisions of the applicable Award Agreement and this Plan, upon a Participants Termination of Service for any reason, Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may remain exercisable following a Participants
Termination of Service as follows: 

(a) Termination by Death or Disability. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award
Agreement, or otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter, if a Participants Termination of Service is by reason of death or Disability, all Stock Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights that are held by such Participant that are vested and exercisable at the time of the Participants Termination of Service may be exercised by the Participant (or in the case of the Participants death, by the legal
representative of the Participants estate) at any time within a period of one (1) year from the date of such Termination of Service, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Options and Stock Appreciation
Rights; provided, however, that, in the event of a Participants Termination of Service by reason of Disability, if the Participant dies within such exercise period, all unexercised Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights held by
such Participant shall thereafter be exercisable, to the extent to which they were exercisable at the time of death, for a period of one (1) year from the date of such death, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such
Stock Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

14 

(b) Involuntary Termination Without Cause. Unless otherwise provided in the
applicable Award Agreement or otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter, if a Participants Termination of Service is by involuntary termination by the Company without
Cause, all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights that are held by such Participant that are vested and exercisable at the time of the Participants Termination of Service may be exercised by the Participant at any time within a period of
ninety (90) days from the date of such Termination of Service, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(c) Voluntary Resignation. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise determined by the Committee at the
time of grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter, if a Participants Termination of Service is voluntary (other than a voluntary termination described in Section 6.8(d) hereof), all Stock Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights that are held by such Participant that are vested and exercisable at the time of the Participants Termination of Service may be exercised by the Participant at any time within a period of thirty (30) days from the date
of such Termination of Service, but in no event beyond the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

(d) Termination for Cause. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or determined by the Committee at the time of
grant, or if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter, if a Participants Termination of Service (i) is for Cause or (ii) is a voluntary Termination of Service (as provided in Section 6.8(c)) after the occurrence of
an event that would be grounds for a Termination of Service for Cause, all Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, whether vested or not vested, that are held by such Participant shall thereupon immediately terminate and expire as of the date
of such Termination of Service. 

(e) Unvested Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. Unless otherwise provided
in the applicable Award Agreement or determined by the Committee at the time of grant or, if no rights of the Participant are reduced, thereafter, Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights that are not vested as of the date of a Participants
Termination of Service for any reason shall terminate and expire as of the date of such Termination of Service. 

(f) Incentive Stock
Option Limitations. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by an Eligible Employee during any
calendar year under this Plan and/or any other stock option plan of the Company or any Subsidiary exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options. In addition, if an Eligible
Employee does not remain employed by the Company or any Subsidiary at all times from the time an Incentive Stock Option is granted until three (3) months prior to the date of exercise thereof (or such other period as required by Applicable
Law), such Stock Option shall be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option. Should any provision of this Plan not be necessary in order for the Stock Options to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, or should any
additional provisions be required, the Committee may amend this Plan accordingly, without the necessity of obtaining the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 

15 

(g) Modification, Extension and Renewal of Stock Options. The Committee may
(i) modify, extend, or renew outstanding Stock Options granted under this Plan (provided that the rights of a Participant are not reduced without such Participants consent and provided, further that such action does not
subject the Stock Options to Section 409A of the Code without the consent of the Participant), and (ii) accept the surrender of outstanding Stock Options (to the extent not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of new Stock
Options in substitution therefor (to the extent not theretofore exercised). 

6.9Automatic Exercise. The Committee
may include a provision in an Award Agreement providing for the automatic exercise of a Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right on a cashless basis on the last day of the term of such Option or
Stock Appreciation Right if the Participant has failed to exercise the Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right as of such date, with respect to which the Fair Market Value of the Shares
underlying the Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right exceeds the exercise price of such Non-Qualified Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right on the
date of expiration of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, subject to Section 13.4. 

6.10Dividends. No
dividends or Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be granted with respect to Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

6.11Other Terms and Conditions. As the Committee shall deem appropriate, Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be subject to additional terms and conditions or other provisions, which shall not be inconsistent with any of the
terms of this Plan. 

ARTICLE VII 

RESTRICTED STOCK; RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

7.1Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units may be
granted alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. The Committee shall determine the Eligible Individuals to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units shall be made, the number
of shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the Participant (subject to Section 7.2), the time or times within which such Awards may be subject to forfeiture, the vesting schedule and
rights to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards. The Committee shall determine and set forth in the Award Agreement the terms and conditions for each Award of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, subject to
the conditions and limitations contained in this Plan, including any vesting or forfeiture conditions. 

The Committee may condition the
grant or vesting of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of specified Performance Goals or such other factor as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. 

7.2Awards and Certificates. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units granted under this Plan shall be evidenced by an
Award Agreement and subject to the following terms and conditions and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable: 

16 

(a) Restricted Stock. 

(i) Purchase Price. The purchase price of Restricted Stock shall be fixed by the Committee. The purchase price for shares of Restricted
Stock may be zero to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, and, to the extent not so permitted, such purchase price may not be less than par value. 

(ii) Legend. Each Participant receiving Restricted Stock shall be issued a stock certificate in respect of such shares of Restricted
Stock, unless the Committee elects to use another system, such as book entries by the Companys transfer agent, as evidencing ownership of shares of Restricted Stock. Such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and
shall, in addition to such legends required by Applicable Law, bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock. 

(iii) Custody. If stock certificates are issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, the Committee may require that any stock
certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that, as a condition of any grant of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a duly signed stock power or
other instruments of assignment (including a power of attorney), each endorsed in blank with a guarantee of signature if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company, which would permit transfer to the Company of all or a portion of the shares
subject to the Award of Restricted Stock in the event that such Award is forfeited in whole or part. 

(iv) Rights as a Stockholder.
Except as provided in Section 7.3(a) and this Section 7.2(a) or as otherwise determined by the Committee in an Award Agreement, the Participant shall have, with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a holder of
Shares, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, the right to vote such shares, and, subject to and conditioned upon the full vesting of shares of Restricted Stock, the right to tender such shares; provided that the
Award Agreement shall specify on what terms and conditions the applicable Participant shall be entitled to dividends payable on the Shares. 

(v) Lapse of Restrictions. If and when the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Restricted Stock, the
certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the Participant. All legends shall be removed from said certificates at the time of delivery to the Participant, except as otherwise required by Applicable Law or other limitations imposed by the
Committee. 

(b) Restricted Stock Units. 

(i) Settlement. The Committee may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably practical
after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participants election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 

(ii) Rights as a Stockholder. A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock
Unit unless and until Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 

17 

(iii) Dividend Equivalent Rights. If the Committee so provides, a grant of
Restricted Stock Units may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalent Rights. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to other
terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. 

7.3Restrictions and Conditions. 

(a) Restriction Period. 

(i) The Participant shall not be permitted to transfer shares of Restricted Stock awarded under this Plan or vest in Restricted Stock Units
during the period or periods set by the Committee (the Restriction Period) commencing on the date of such Award, as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and such agreement shall set forth a vesting schedule and any event
that would accelerate vesting of the Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units. Within these limits, based on service, attainment of Performance Goals pursuant to Section 7.3(a)(i), and/or such other factors or criteria as the Committee
may determine in its sole discretion, the Committee may condition the grant or provide for the lapse of such restrictions in installments in whole or in part, or may accelerate the vesting of all or any part of any Award of Restricted Stock or
Restricted Stock Units and/or waive the deferral limitations for all or any part of any Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. 

(ii) If the grant of shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units or the lapse of restrictions or vesting schedule is based on the
attainment of Performance Goals, the Committee shall establish the objective Performance Goals and the applicable vesting percentage applicable to each Participant or class of Participants in the applicable Award Agreement prior to the beginning of
the applicable fiscal year or at such later date as otherwise determined by the Committee and while the outcome of the Performance Goals are substantially uncertain. Such Performance Goals may incorporate provisions for disregarding (or adjusting
for) changes in accounting methods, corporate transactions (including, without limitation, dispositions and acquisitions), and other similar types of events or circumstances. 

(b) Termination. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or determined by the Committee at grant or, if no rights of
the Participant are reduced, thereafter, upon a Participants Termination of Service for any reason during the relevant Restriction Period, all Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units still subject to restriction will be forfeited in
accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Committee at grant or thereafter. 

ARTICLE VIII 

PERFORMANCE AWARDS 

The
Committee may grant a Performance Award to a Participant payable upon the attainment of specific Performance Goals either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under this Plan. The Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance
Period and the length of the Performance Period shall be determined by the Committee upon the grant of each Performance Award. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Performance Awards (including, without limitation, any
applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect 

18 

to each Participant. Performance Awards may be paid in cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, in the sole discretion of the Committee as set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement. If the Committee so provides, a grant of a Performance Award may provide a Participant with the right to receive dividends or Dividend Equivalent Rights. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be paid currently or credited to an account for the
Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. 

ARTICLE IX

OTHER STOCK-BASED AND CASH AWARDS 

9.1Other Stock-Based Awards. The Committee is authorized to grant to Eligible Individuals Other Stock-Based Awards that are payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to Shares, including but not limited to, Shares awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to
restrictions or conditions, Shares in payment of the amounts due under an incentive or performance plan sponsored or maintained by the Company, stock equivalent units, and Awards valued by reference to the book value of Shares. Other Stock-Based
Awards may be granted either alone or in addition to or in tandem with other Awards granted under this Plan. 

Subject to the provisions of
this Plan, the Committee shall have authority to determine the Eligible Individuals, to whom, and the time or times at which, such Other Stock-Based Awards shall be made, the number of Shares to be awarded pursuant to such Awards, and all other
conditions of the Awards. The Committee may also provide for the grant of Shares under such Awards upon the completion of a specified Performance Period. The Committee may condition the grant or vesting of Other Stock-Based Awards upon the
attainment of specified Performance Goals as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion. 

9.2Terms and
Conditions. Other Stock-Based Awards made pursuant to this Article IX shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement and subject to the following terms and conditions and shall be in such form and contain such additional terms and conditions not
inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable: 

(a)
Non-Transferability. Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award Agreement and this Plan, Shares subject to Other Stock-Based Awards may not be transferred prior to the date on which the Shares
are issued or, if later, the date on which any applicable restriction, performance, or deferral period lapses. 

(b) Dividends.
Unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of an Other Stock-Based Award, subject to the provisions of the Award Agreement and this Plan, the recipient of an Other Stock-Based Award shall not be entitled to receive,
currently or on a deferred basis, dividends or Dividend Equivalent Rights in respect of the number of Shares covered by the Other Stock-Based Award. 

(c) Vesting. Any Other Stock-Based Award and any Shares covered by any such Other Stock-Based Award shall vest or be forfeited to the
extent so provided in the Award Agreement, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 

(d) Price. Shares under this
Article IX may be issued for no cash consideration. Shares purchased pursuant to a purchase right awarded pursuant to an Other Stock-Based Award shall be priced, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

19 

9.3Cash Awards. The Committee may from time to time grant Cash Awards
to Eligible Individuals in such amounts, on such terms and conditions, and for such consideration, including no consideration or such minimum consideration as may be required by Applicable Law, as it shall determine in its sole discretion. Cash
Awards may be granted subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions or may be awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to restrictions or conditions, and if subject to vesting conditions, the Committee may accelerate the vesting of such Awards
at any time in its sole discretion. The grant of a Cash Award shall not require a segregation of any of the Companys assets for satisfaction of the Companys payment obligation thereunder. 

ARTICLE X 

CHANGE IN
CONTROL PROVISIONS 

10.1Benefits. In the event of a Change in Control, and except as otherwise provided by the
Committee in an Award Agreement or any applicable employment agreement, offer letter, consulting agreement, change in control agreement, or similar agreement in effect between the Company or an Affiliate and the Participant, a Participants
unvested Awards shall not vest automatically and a Participants Awards shall be treated in accordance with one or more of the following methods as determined by the Committee: 

(a) Awards, whether or not then vested, shall be continued, be assumed, or have new rights substituted therefor, as determined by the Committee
in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and restrictions to which shares of Restricted Stock or any other Award granted prior to the Change in Control are subject shall not lapse upon a Change in Control and
the Restricted Stock or other Award shall, where appropriate in the sole discretion of the Committee, receive the same distribution as other Shares on such terms as determined by the Committee; provided that the Committee may decide to award
additional Restricted Stock or other Awards in lieu of any cash distribution. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, any assumed or substituted Stock Option shall comply with the requirements of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.424-1 (and any amendment thereto). 

(b) The Committee, in its
sole discretion, may provide for the purchase of any Awards by the Company for an amount of cash equal to the excess (if any) of the Change in Control Price of the Shares covered by such Awards, over the aggregate exercise price of such Awards;
provided, however, that if the exercise price of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right exceeds the Change in Control Price, such Award may be cancelled for no consideration. 

(c) The Committee may, in its sole discretion, terminate all outstanding and unexercised Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, or any Other
Stock-Based Award that provides for a Participant-elected exercise, effective as of the date of the Change in Control, by delivering notice of termination to each Participant at least twenty (20) days prior to the date of consummation of the
Change in Control, in which case during the period from the date on which such notice of termination is delivered to the consummation of the Change in Control, each such Participant shall have the right to exercise in full all of such
Participants Awards that are then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercisability otherwise contained in the Award Agreements), but any such exercise shall be contingent on the occurrence of the Change in Control, and,
provided that, if the Change in Control does not take place within a specified period after giving such notice for any reason whatsoever, the notice and exercise pursuant thereto shall be null and void. 

20 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Committee may, in its
sole discretion, provide for accelerated vesting or lapse of restrictions, of an Award at any time. 

ARTICLE XI 

TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT OF PLAN 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Board or the Committee may at any time, and from time to time, amend, in whole or in
part, any or all of the provisions of this Plan (including any amendment deemed necessary to ensure that the Company may comply with any Applicable Law), or suspend or terminate it entirely, retroactively or otherwise; provided, however,
that, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law or specifically provided herein, the rights of a Participant with respect to Awards granted prior to such amendment, suspension, or termination may not be materially impaired without the consent of
such Participant and, provided, further, that without the approval of the holders of the Shares entitled to vote in accordance with Applicable Law, no amendment may be made that would (a) increase the aggregate number of Shares
that may be issued under this Plan (except by operation of Section 4.1); or (b) change the classification of individuals eligible to receive Awards under this Plan. In addition, the Board or the Committee shall, without the approval of the
holders of the Shares entitled to vote in accordance with Applicable Law, have the authority to (i) amend any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce its exercise price per Share or (ii) cancel any Option or Stock
Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or another Award. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Board or the Committee may amend this Plan or any Award Agreement at any time without a Participants consent to comply with
Applicable Law, including Section 409A of the Code. The Committee may amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, but, subject to Article IV or as otherwise specifically provided herein, no such amendment
or other action by the Committee shall materially impair the rights of any Participant without the Participants consent. 

ARTICLE
XII 

UNFUNDED STATUS OF PLAN 

This Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payment as to
which a Participant has a fixed and vested interest but which is not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Participant any right that is greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the
Company. 

21 

ARTICLE XIII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

13.1Lock-Up; Legend. The Committee may require each person receiving Shares
pursuant to a Stock Option or other Award under this Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that the Participant is acquiring the Shares without a view to distribution thereof. The Company may, in connection with registering the
offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or otherwise transferring any Shares or other Company securities during any period determined by the underwriter or the Company.
In addition to any legend required by this Plan, the certificates for such Shares may include any legend that the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer. All certificates for Shares delivered under this Plan shall be
subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then
listed or any national securities exchange system upon whose system the Common Stock is then quoted, and any Applicable Law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such
restrictions. If the Shares are held in book-entry form, then the book-entry will indicate any restrictions on such Shares. 

13.2Other Plans. Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, subject to stockholder approval if such approval is required, and such arrangements may be either
generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 

13.3No Right to Employment/Directorship/Consultancy.
Neither this Plan nor the grant of any Award hereunder shall give any Participant or other employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director any right with respect to continuance of employment, consultancy or
directorship by the Company or any Affiliate, nor shall there be a limitation in any way on the right of the Company or any Affiliate by which an employee is employed or a Consultant or Non-Employee Director
is retained to terminate such employment, consultancy, or directorship at any time. 

13.4Withholding of Taxes. A
Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any income tax, social insurance contribution or other applicable taxes that are
required to be withheld in respect of an Award. The Committee may (but is not obligated to), in its sole discretion, permit or require a Participant to satisfy all or any portion of the applicable taxes that are required to be withheld with respect
to an Award by (a) the delivery of Shares (which are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) that have been both held by the Participant and vested for at least six (6) months (or such other period as established from time to
time by the Committee in order to avoid adverse accounting treatment under applicable accounting standards) having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability (or portion thereof); (b) having the Company withhold from the
Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable to, or that would otherwise be retained by, the Participant upon the grant, exercise, vesting, or settlement of the Award, as applicable, a number of Shares with an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the
amount of such withholding liability; or (c) by any other means specified in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise determined by the Committee. 

13.5Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan. The Committee shall
determine whether cash, additional Awards, or other securities or property shall be used or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether any fractional shares should be rounded, forfeited, or otherwise eliminated. 

22 

13.6No Assignment of Benefits. No Award or other benefit payable under
this Plan shall, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan or under Applicable Law or permitted by the Committee, be transferable in any manner, and any attempt to transfer any such benefit shall be void, and any such benefit shall not
in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any person who shall be entitled to such benefit, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or against such person. 

13.7Clawback Policy. All awards, amounts, or benefits received or outstanding under this Plan will be subject to
clawback, cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback, reduction, or other similar action in accordance with any Company clawback or similar policy or any Applicable Law related to such actions. A Participants acceptance of an Award will
constitute the Participants acknowledgement of and consent to the Companys application, implementation, and enforcement of any applicable Company clawback or similar policy that may apply to the Participant, whether adopted before or
after the Effective Date, and any Applicable Law relating to clawback, cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback, or reduction of compensation, and the Participants agreement that the Company may take any actions that may be necessary to
effectuate any such policy or Applicable Law, without further consideration or action. 

13.8Listing and Other
Conditions. 

(a) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, as long as the Common Stock is listed on a national securities
exchange or system sponsored by a national securities association, the issuance of Shares pursuant to an Award shall be conditioned upon such Shares being listed on such exchange or system. The Company shall have no obligation to issue such Shares
unless and until such Shares are so listed, and the right to exercise any Option or other Award with respect to such Shares shall be suspended until such listing has been effected. 

(b) If at any time counsel to the Company advises the Company that any sale or delivery of Shares pursuant to an Award is or may in the
circumstances be unlawful or result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company under Applicable Law, the Company shall have no obligation to make such sale or delivery, or to make any application or to effect or to maintain any qualification
or registration under the Securities Act or otherwise, with respect to Shares or Awards, and the right to exercise any Option or other Award shall be suspended until, based on the advice of said counsel, such sale or delivery shall be lawful or will
not result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company. 

(c) Upon termination of any period of suspension under this
Section 13.8, any Award affected by such suspension which shall not then have expired or terminated shall be reinstated as to all Shares available before such suspension and as to Shares which would otherwise have become available during the
period of such suspension, but no such suspension shall extend the term of any Award. 

(d) A Participant shall be required to supply the
Company with certificates, representations, and information that the Company requests and otherwise cooperate with the Company in obtaining any listing, registration, qualification, exemption, consent, or approval that the Company deems necessary or
appropriate. 

23 

13.9Governing Law. This Plan and actions taken in connection herewith
shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 

13.10Construction. Wherever any words are used in this Plan in the masculine gender they shall be construed as though
they were also used in the feminine gender in all cases where they would so apply, and wherever words are used herein in the singular form they shall be construed as though they were also used in the plural form in all cases where they would so
apply. 

13.11Other Benefits. No Award granted or paid out under this Plan shall be deemed compensation for purposes
of computing benefits under any retirement plan of the Company or its Affiliates or affect any benefit or compensation under any other plan now or subsequently in effect under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to the level of
compensation. 

13.12Costs. The Company shall bear all expenses associated with administering this Plan, including
expenses of issuing Shares pursuant to Awards hereunder. 

13.13No Right to Same Benefits. The provisions of Awards
need not be the same with respect to each Participant, and such Awards to individual Participants need not be the same in subsequent years. 

13.14Death/Disability. The Committee may in its discretion require the transferee of a Participant to supply it with
written notice of the Participants death or Disability and to supply it with a copy of the will (in the case of the Participants death) or such other evidence as the Committee deems necessary to establish the validity of the transfer of
an Award. The Committee may also require the agreement of the transferee to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan. 

13.15Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. It is the intent of the Company that this Plan satisfy, and be interpreted in a
manner that satisfies, the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 as promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act so that Participants will be entitled to the benefit of Rule 16b-3, or any other rule promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and will not be subject to short-swing liability under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, if the operation of any
provision of this Plan would conflict with the intent expressed in this Section 13.15, such provision to the extent possible shall be interpreted and/or deemed amended so as to avoid such conflict. 

13.16Deferral of Awards. The Committee may establish one or more programs under this Plan to permit selected
Participants the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of consideration upon exercise of an Award, satisfaction of performance criteria, or other event that absent the election would entitle the Participant to payment or receipt of Shares or other
consideration under an Award. The Committee may establish the election procedures, the timing of such elections, the mechanisms for payments of, and accrual of interest or other earnings, if any, on amounts, Shares or other consideration so
deferred, and such other terms, conditions, rules, and procedures that the Committee deems advisable for the administration of any such deferral program. 

24 

13.17Section 409A of the Code. This Plan and Awards are intended to
comply with or be exempt from the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be limited, construed, and interpreted in accordance with such intent. To the extent that any Award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, it
shall be paid in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any provision in this Plan that is inconsistent with Section 409A of the Code shall be deemed to be amended to
comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and, to the extent such provision cannot be amended to comply therewith or be exempt therefrom, such provision shall be null and void. The Company shall have no liability to a Participant,
or any other party, if an Award that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee or the Company and, in the event that any amount or benefit
under this Plan becomes subject to penalties under Section 409A of the Code, responsibility for payment of such penalties shall rest solely with the affected Participants and not with the Company. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this
Plan or Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) that are otherwise required to be made under this Plan to a specified employee (as defined
under Section 409A of the Code) as a result of such employees separation from service (other than a payment that is not subject to Section 409A of the Code) shall be delayed for the first six (6) months following such separation
from service (or, if earlier, until the date of death of the specified employee) and shall instead be paid (in a manner set forth in the Award Agreement) upon expiration of such delay period. 

13.18Data Privacy. As a condition of receipt of any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the
collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this Section 13.18 by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing
this Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in this Plan. In furtherance of such implementation, administration, and management, the Company and its Affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including,
but not limited to, the Participants name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security or insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title(s), information regarding any securities of the
Company or any of its Affiliates, and details of all Awards (the Data). In addition to transferring the Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of this
Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in this Plan, the Company and its Affiliates may each transfer the Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of this Plan and Awards
and the Participants participation in this Plan. Recipients of the Data may be located in the Participants country or elsewhere, and the Participants country and any given recipients country may have different data privacy
laws and protections. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of assisting the Company in the implementation,
administration, and management of this Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in this Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant
may elect to deposit any shares of Common Stock. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer, and manage this Plan and Awards and the Participants participation in this Plan. A
Participant may, at any time, view the Data held by the Company with respect to such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data with respect to such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to
the Data with respect to the Participant, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein in writing, in any case without cost, by contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Company may cancel the Participants eligibility to
participate in this Plan, and in the Committees discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents described herein. For more information on the consequences of refusal to
consent or withdrawal of consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 

25 

13.19Successor and Assigns. This Plan shall be binding on all
successors and permitted assigns of a Participant, including, without limitation, the estate of such Participant and the executor, administrator, or trustee of such estate. 

13.20Severability of Provisions. If any provision of this Plan shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provisions had not been included. 

13.21Headings and Captions. The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall not
be considered part of this Plan, and shall not be employed in the construction of this Plan. 

ARTICLE XIV 

EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 

This Plan shall become effective on January 20, 2025, which is the date of its adoption by the Board, subject to the approval of this
Plan by the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the requirements of the laws of the State of Delaware. 

ARTICLE XV 

TERM OF PLAN 

No Award
shall be granted pursuant to this Plan on or after the tenth (10th) anniversary of the earlier of the date that this Plan is adopted by the Board or the date of stockholder approval, but Awards granted prior to such tenth (10th) anniversary may
extend beyond that date. 

* * * * * 

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d894988dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

EXECUTIVE
CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE PLAN 

1.
Purpose. Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. (the Company) has adopted the Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (the Plan) to provide severance
pay and benefits to eligible officers and management employees who are Eligible Employees (as defined below) and whose employment is terminated on or after February 3, 2025 (the Effective Date). The Plan is intended to
be maintained primarily for the purpose of providing benefits to a select group of management and highly compensated employees. 

2.
Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below: 

(a)
Accrued Amounts means (i) all accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the Date of Termination, which shall be paid within 10 business days following the Date of Termination (or earlier if required by applicable law);
(ii) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which an Eligible Employee is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with the expense reimbursement policies of the Company in effect as of the Date of Termination; and
(iii) any vested benefits under the Companys 401(k) plan and any other benefits to which an Eligible Employee may be entitled to as required by applicable law. 

(b) Affiliate means, with respect to any person, any other person that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the person in question. As used herein, the term control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of a person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

(c) Applicable CIC COBRA
Multiple means, with respect to each Tier, the applicable multiple set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

(d)
Applicable CIC Severance Multiple means, with respect to each Tier, the applicable multiple set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

(e) Applicable March 15 means March 15 of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs. 

(f) Applicable Non-CIC COBRA
Multiple means, with respect to each Tier, the applicable multiple set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

(g)
Applicable Non-CIC Severance Multiple means, with respect to each Tier, the applicable multiple set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

(h) Applicable Non-CIC Severance Period means, with respect to each Tier,
the applicable period set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

(i) Base Salary means the amount an Eligible Employee is entitled
to receive as base salary on an annualized basis, calculated as of the Date of Termination, including any amounts that an Eligible Employee could have received in cash had such Eligible Employee not elected to contribute to an employee benefit plan
maintained by the Company, but excluding all annual cash incentive awards, bonuses, equity awards, and incentive compensation payable by the Company as consideration for an Eligible Employees services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event of a reduction in an Eligible Employees Base Salary resulting in such Eligible Employees resignation for Good Reason, for purposes of determining such Eligible Employees Severance Amount, such Eligible Employees Base
Salary shall be deemed to be that in effect immediately prior to such reduction. 

(j) Board means the Board of
Directors of the Company. 

(k) Cause has the meaning set forth in the Equity Incentive Plan. 

(l) Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Equity Incentive Plan. 

(m) Change in Control Protection Period means the period commencing on the date on which a Change in Control is
consummated and ending on the 24-month anniversary of the date on which such Change in Control is consummated. 

(n) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. 

(o) Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

(p) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee designated by the Board to
administer the Plan. If no committee is duly authorized by the Board to administer the Plan, the term Committee shall be deemed to refer to the Board for all purposes under the Plan. 

(q) Company Group means the Company and each of its direct and indirect past, present and future subsidiaries. 

(r) Date of Termination means the effective date of the termination of an Eligible Employees employment with
the Company and its subsidiaries, as applicable, such that the Eligible Employee is no longer employed by any member of the Company Group. 

(s) Disability has the meaning set forth in the Equity Incentive Plan. 

(t) Eligible Employee means any employee of any member of the Company Group who (i) is designated
by the Committee as an Eligible Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan; (ii) has executed and returned a Participation Agreement to the Company; (iii) is not covered under any other severance plan, policy, program
or arrangement sponsored or maintained by any member of the Company Group; and (iv) is not a party to an employment or severance agreement with any member of the Company Group pursuant to which such employee is eligible for severance payments
or benefits or has waived such employees rights to severance payments or benefits thereunder pursuant to such employees Participation Agreement. The Committee shall have the sole discretion to determine whether an employee is an Eligible
Employee. Eligible Employees shall be limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA. 

2 

(u) Equity Incentive Plan means the Infinity Natural Resources,
Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended or restated from time to time, or any successor equity incentive plan established by the Company. 

(v) ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

(w) Good Reason means, with respect to an Eligible Employee, unless otherwise provided in such Eligible
Employees Participation Agreement, (i) a material diminution in such Eligible Employees base salary or target bonus opportunity other than as part of one or more reductions in base salaries or target bonus opportunities that apply
equally to each of the members of the Companys executive leadership team in substantially the same proportions; (ii) a material diminution in such Eligible Employees authority, duties, responsibilities or reporting relationship with
the Company Group; (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of such Eligible Employees principal place of employment by more than 30 miles from the location of such Eligible Employees principal place of employment as of the
date of such Eligible Employees Participation Agreement; or (iv) the Companys failure to cause a successor to assume the liabilities under the Plan as required under Section 11(e). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of
this definition or any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, any assertion by an Eligible Employee of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied: (x) such Eligible Employee
must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of such condition(s) within 30 days after the initial occurrence of such condition(s); (y) the condition(s) specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days following the
Companys receipt of such written notice; and (z) the date of such Eligible Employees termination of employment must occur within 90 days after the initial occurrence of the condition(s) specified in such notice. 

(x) Participation Agreement means the participation agreement delivered to each Eligible Employee by the Committee
prior to his or her participation in the Plan evidencing the Eligible Employees agreement to participate in the Plan and to comply with all terms, conditions and restrictions within the Plan. 

(y) Qualifying Termination means the termination of an Eligible Employees employment (i) by any member of
the Company Group without Cause (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include a termination due to death or Disability); or (ii) due to an Eligible Employees resignation for Good Reason, in each case, such that the Eligible
Employee is no longer employed by any member of the Company Group. 

(z) Release Requirement means the
requirement that an Eligible Employee execute and deliver to the Company a general release of claims, in a form acceptable to the Company (the Release), on or prior to the date that is 21 days following the date upon which
the Company delivers the Release to an Eligible Employee (which shall occur no later than seven days following the Date of Termination) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other
employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision in the Plan to the
contrary, the Release Requirement shall not be considered satisfied if the Eligible Employee revokes the Release within any time provided by the Company for such revocation. 

3 

(aa) Section 409A means
Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. 

(bb)
Severance Amount means, collectively, the cash payments set forth in Sections 5(a) or 5(b), as applicable. 

(cc) Target Annual Bonus means an Eligible Employees target annual bonus for the calendar year that includes
such Eligible Employees Date of Termination. 

(dd) Tier means an Executive Tier used for
purposes of determining the level of severance benefits an Eligible Employee is eligible to receive. Each Eligible Employee shall be designated by the Committee as a Tier 1 Executive or Tier 2 Executive pursuant to such
Eligible Employees Participation Agreement. 

3. Administration of the Plan. 

(a) Administration by the Committee. The Committee shall be responsible for the management and control of the operation and the
administration of the Plan, including interpretation of the Plan, decisions pertaining to eligibility to participate in the Plan, computation of severance benefits, granting or denial of severance benefit claims and review of claims denials. The
Committee has absolute discretion in the exercise of its powers and responsibilities. For this purpose, the Committees powers shall include the following authority, in addition to all other powers provided by the Plan: 

(i) to make and enforce such rules and regulations as it deems necessary or proper for the efficient administration of the Plan; 

(ii) to interpret the Plan, the Committees interpretation thereof to be final and conclusive on all persons claiming benefits under the
Plan; 

(iii) to decide all questions concerning the Plan and the eligibility of any person to participate in the Plan, and to designate
each Eligible Employees applicable Tier; 

(iv) to make a determination as to the right of any person to a benefit under the Plan
(including to determine whether and when there has been a termination of an Eligible Employees employment and the cause of such termination); 

(v) to appoint such agents, counsel, accountants, consultants, claims administrator and other persons as may be required to assist in
administering the Plan; 

(vi) to allocate and delegate its responsibilities under the Plan and to designate other persons to carry out
any of its responsibilities under the Plan, any such allocation, delegation or designation to be in writing; 

4 

(vii) to sue or cause suit to be brought in the name of the Plan; and 

(viii) to obtain from the Company, its Affiliates and from Eligible Employees such information as is necessary for the proper administration
of the Plan. 

(b) Indemnification of the Committee. The Company shall, without limiting any rights that the Committee may
have under the Companys charter or bylaws, applicable law or otherwise, indemnify and hold harmless the Committee and each member thereof (and any other individual acting on behalf of the Committee or any member thereof) against any and all
expenses and liabilities arising out of such persons administrative functions or fiduciary responsibilities, excepting only expenses and liabilities arising out of the persons own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Expenses against
which such person shall be indemnified hereunder include the amounts of any settlement, judgment, attorneys fees, costs of court, and any other related charges reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, proceeding, settlement, or other
action under the Plan. 

(c) Compensation and Expenses. The Committee shall not receive additional compensation with respect to
services for the Plan. To the extent required by applicable law, but not otherwise, the Committee shall furnish bond or security for the performance of their duties hereunder. Any expenses properly incurred by the Committee incident to the
administration, termination or protection of the Plan, including the cost of furnishing bond, shall be paid by the Company. 

4.
Eligibility. Only individuals who are Eligible Employees may participate in the Plan. The Committee has full and absolute discretion to determine and select which employees of the Company Group are Eligible Employees. Once an employee
has been designated as an Eligible Employee, such individual shall automatically continue to be an Eligible Employee until the Eligible Employee ceases to be an employee or is removed as an Eligible Employee by the Committee. The Plan shall
supersede all prior agreements, practices, policies, procedures and plans relating to severance benefits sponsored, maintained or entered into by any and all members of the Company Group with respect to the Eligible Employees. 

5. Plan Benefits. 

(a) Qualifying Termination Outside of a Change in Control Protection Period. In the event an Eligible Employees employment
with any member of the Company Group ends due to a Qualifying Termination that occurs outside of a Change in Control Protection Period, such Eligible Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, and so long as such Eligible Employee
satisfies the Release Requirement and abides by the restrictive covenant obligations set forth in such Eligible Employees Participation Agreement and any other agreement to which such Eligible Employee is a party, including any employment
agreement, offer letter, confidentiality agreement, consulting agreement, change in control agreement or equity award agreement (collectively, the Restrictive Covenants) and the terms of Section 7 below, such Eligible
Employee shall also be entitled to receive: 

5 

(i) A cash severance payment in an amount equal to (A) the Applicable Non-CIC Severance Multiple, multiplied by (B) the sum of such Eligible Employees (1) Base Salary and (2) Target Annual Bonus (such amount, the
Non-CIC Severance Amount), to be paid in substantially equal installments on the Companys regular payroll schedule for the period commencing on the Eligible Employees Date
of Termination and continuing until the expiration of the Eligible Employees Applicable Non-CIC Severance Period; provided, however, that the payment of any
Non-CIC Severance Amount that is otherwise due and payable to an Eligible Employee prior to the date the Eligible Employees Release becomes final, binding and irrevocable, shall be suspended and shall
not be paid to the Eligible Employee until the Companys first regularly scheduled pay date on or after the date that is 60 days after such Eligible Employees Date of Termination; provided, further, that to the extent, if
any, that the aggregate amount of the installments of the Non-CIC Severance Amount that would otherwise be paid pursuant to this section after the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to the Eligible Employee in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the
Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Non-CIC Severance Amount payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess
(beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole
discretion, elect for the Company to pay an Eligible Employees Non-CIC Severance Amount under this Section 5(a)(i) in a lump sum cash payment on the Companys first regularly scheduled pay date
that is on or after the date that is 60 days after such Eligible Employees Date of Termination (and any election by the Committee for the Company to pay an Eligible Employees Non-CIC Severance
Amount in a lump sum shall not be binding on the Committee, the Company or any of its Affiliates with respect to payments to any other Eligible Employee); 

(ii) Any earned but unpaid annual bonus with respect to the calendar year ending on or preceding such Eligible Employees Date of
Termination, payable at the same time the Company pays its annual bonuses under the applicable incentive plan generally (but in no event later the Applicable March 15); 

(iii) A pro-rated portion of such Eligible Employees annual bonus for the calendar year that
includes such Eligible Employees Date of Termination, determined based on actual performance levels when the Company typically makes such determinations under the applicable incentive plan generally, multiplied by a fraction,
(A) the numerator of which equals the number of calendar days that such Eligible Employee was employed by any member of the Company Group during the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs and (B) the denominator of which
equals 365 or 366, as applicable, payable at the same time the Company pays its annual bonuses under the applicable incentive plan generally (but in no event later the Applicable March 15); and 

(iv) An amount equal to (A) the Applicable Non-CIC COBRA Multiple, multiplied by
(B) the monthly amount of the Companys contribution to the premiums for such Eligible Employees group health plan coverage (including coverage for such Eligible Employees spouse and eligible dependents), determined under the
Companys group health plans as in effect immediately prior to such Eligible Employees Date of Termination (such monthly amount, the Monthly COBRA Amount), payable in lump sum within 60 days after such Eligible
Employees Date of Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, if, as of an Eligible Employees Date of Termination, such Eligible Employee does not participate in any of the Companys group health plans, then the Monthly COBRA Amount
will equal zero. 

6 

(b) Qualifying Termination During a Change in Control Protection Period. In the event
an Eligible Employees employment with any member of the Company Group ends due to a Qualifying Termination that occurs during a Change in Control Protection Period, such Eligible Employee shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, and
so long as such Eligible Employee satisfies the Release Requirement and abides by the Restrictive Covenants and the terms of Section 7 below, such Eligible Employee shall also be entitled to receive an amount equal to the sum of the amounts set
forth in clauses (i)-(iv), payable in lump sum within 60 days after such Eligible Employees Date of Termination: 

(i) An amount
equal to (A) the Applicable CIC Severance Multiple, multiplied by (B) the sum of such Eligible Employees (1) Base Salary and (2) Target Annual Bonus; 

(ii) Any earned but unpaid annual bonus with respect to the calendar year ending on or preceding such Eligible Employees Date of
Termination; 

(iii) A pro-rated portion of such Eligible Employees Target Annual Bonus,
multiplied by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which equals the number of calendar days that such Eligible Employee was employed by any member of the Company Group during the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs and
(B) the denominator of which equals 365 or 366, as applicable; and 

(iv) An amount equal to (A) the Applicable CIC COBRA
Multiple, multiplied by (B) the Monthly COBRA Amount. 

(c) Equity Incentive Awards. For clarity, in the event that an
Eligible Employees employment with any member of the Company Group terminates for any reason, all outstanding equity incentive awards then held by such Eligible Employee, and granted pursuant to an award agreement subject to the Equity
Incentive Plan or otherwise, will be treated in accordance with the terms and conditions of such award agreement and, as applicable, the Equity Incentive Plan. 

(d) Non-Qualifying Terminations of Employment. In the event that an Eligible Employees employment with any member
of the Company Group terminates other than pursuant to a Qualifying Termination, including any termination as a result of death or Disability, then all compensation and benefits to such Eligible Employee shall terminate contemporaneously with such
termination of employment, except that such Eligible Employee (or such Eligible Employees estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be, if applicable) shall be entitled to the Accrued Amounts. 

(e) After-Acquired Evidence. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines that
an Eligible Employee is eligible to receive the Severance Amount pursuant to Sections 5(a) or 5(b) but, after such determination, the Company subsequently acquires evidence or determines that: (i) such Eligible Employee has failed to abide by
the Restrictive Covenants and the terms of Section 7 below; or (ii) a Cause condition existed prior to the Date of Termination that, had the Company been fully aware of such condition, would have given the Company the right to terminate
such Eligible Employees employment for Cause, then the Company shall have the right to cease the payment of the Severance Amount, and such Eligible Employee shall promptly return to the Company any payment of the Severance Amount received by
such Eligible Employee prior to the date that the Company determines that the conditions of this Section 5(e) have been satisfied. 

7 

(f) No Duplication. Except as otherwise expressly provided pursuant to the Plan, the
Plan shall be construed and administered in a manner which avoids duplication of compensation and benefits which may be provided under any other plan, program, policy or other arrangement or individual contract or under any statute, rule or
regulation. In the event an Eligible Employee is covered by any other plan, program, policy, individually negotiated agreement or other arrangement, in effect as of the Eligible Employees Date of Termination, that may duplicate the payments
and benefits provided for in Sections 5(a) or 5(b), as applicable, the Committee is specifically empowered to reduce or eliminate the duplicative benefits provided for under the Plan. 

6. Certain Excise Taxes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if an Eligible Employee is a disqualified
individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code), and the payments and benefits provided for in the Plan, together with any other payments and benefits that such Eligible Employee has the right to receive from the Company or any of
its Affiliates, and taking into account reductions in respect of reasonable compensation for personal services to be rendered by the Eligible Employee on or following the date of the relevant change in ownership or control (within the
meaning of Section 280G of the Code), including pursuant to applicable non-competition and other restrictive covenant obligations, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in
Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in the Plan shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by such Eligible Employee from
the Company and its Affiliates will be one dollar less than three times such Eligible Employees base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such payments and benefits received by such
Eligible Employee shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever of clauses (a) or (b) results in the better net after-tax position to such
Eligible Employee (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or
benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through such payment or
benefit that would be made first in time) and then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments
and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made by the Company in good faith. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits
from the Company or any of its Affiliates used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds one dollar less than three times such Eligible Employees base amount, then such Eligible Employee shall immediately repay such
excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require the Company to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, any Eligible Employees excise tax
liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. 

8 

7. Cooperation. Each Eligible Employee agrees that during the period the
Eligible Employee is employed by the Company Group and thereafter (regardless of whether the Eligible Employee resigns or the Eligible Employees employment is terminated by the Company Group, or the reason for such resignation or termination),
the Eligible Employee shall provide reasonable and timely cooperation in connection with: (a) any actual or threatened litigation, inquiry, review, investigation, process, or other matter, action, or proceeding (whether conducted by or before
any court, regulatory or governmental entity, or by or on behalf of the Company Group or otherwise), that relates to events occurring during the Eligible Employees employment by the Company Group or about which the Company Group otherwise
believes the Eligible Employee may have relevant information; (b) the transitioning of the Eligible Employees role and responsibilities to other personnel; and (c) the provision of information in response to the Company Groups
requests and inquiries in connection with the Eligible Employees separation of employment. Each Eligible Employees cooperation shall include being available to (i) meet with and provide information to the Company Group and its
counsel or other agents in connection with fact-finding, investigatory, discovery, or pre-litigation or other proceeding issues, and (ii) provide truthful testimony (including via affidavit, deposition,
at trial, or otherwise) in connection with any such matter, all without the requirement of being subpoenaed. 

8. Prior
Obligations. Each Eligible Employee hereby represents and warrants that the Eligible Employee is not the subject of, or a party to, any non-competition,non-solicitation, restrictive covenant or non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, obligation, restriction or understanding that would prohibit the Eligible
Employee from complying with the Plan or fully performing each of the Eligible Employees duties and responsibilities for the Company Group, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect any of the duties and responsibilities
that may now or in the future be assigned to the Eligible Employee by any member of the Company Group. Each Eligible Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Eligible Employee is strictly prohibited from using or disclosing any
confidential information belonging to any prior employer in the course of performing services for any member of the Company Group, and the Eligible Employee agrees and promises that the Eligible Employee shall not do so. Each Eligible Employee shall
not introduce documents or other materials containing confidential information of any prior employer to the premises or property (including computers and computer systems) of any member of the Company Group. 

9. Consent to Notification. If an Eligible Employee ceases to be employed by any member of the Company Group, the Eligible
Employee hereby grants the Company Group consent to notify any new employer, any third party engaging the Eligible Employees services, or any entity to which the Eligible Employee becomes a partner, member, employee or otherwise engaged,
regarding the Eligible Employees rights and obligations under the Plan. 

10. Claims Procedure and Review. 

(a) Filing a Claim. Any Eligible Employee that the Committee determines is entitled to severance payments or benefits under the Plan is
not required to file a claim for such payments or benefits. Any Eligible Employee (i) who is not paid severance payments or benefits hereunder and who believes that such Eligible Employee is entitled to severance payments or benefits hereunder
or (ii) who has been paid severance payments or benefits hereunder and believes that such Eligible Employee is entitled to greater benefits hereunder may file a claim for severance payments or benefits under the Plan in writing with the
Committee. 

9 

(b) Initial Determination of a Claim. If a claim for severance payments or benefits
hereunder is wholly or partially denied, the Committee shall, within a reasonable period of time but no later than 90 days after receipt of the claim (or 180 days after receipt of the claim if special circumstances require an extension of time for
processing the claim), notify the claimant of the denial. Such notice shall (i) be in writing, (ii) be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, (iii) contain the specific reason or reasons for denial of the
claim, (iv) refer specifically to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the denial is based, (v) describe any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim (and explain why such material or
information is necessary), and (vi) describe the Plans claim review procedures and time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimants right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA
following an adverse benefit determination on review. 

(c) Appeal of a Denied Claim. Within 60 days of the receipt by the claimant
of this notice, the claimant may file a written appeal with the Committee. In connection with the appeal, the claimant may review Plan documents and may submit written issues and comments. The Committee shall deliver to the claimant a written
decision on the appeal promptly, but not later than 60 days after the receipt of the claimants appeal (or 120 days after receipt of the claimants appeal if there are special circumstances which require an extension of time for
processing). Such decision shall (i) be in writing, (ii) be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, (iii) include specific reasons for the decision, (iv) refer specifically to the Plan provisions upon
which the decision is based, (v) state that the claimant is entitled to receive, on request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimants claim for benefits,
and (vi) a statement of the claimants right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. If special circumstances require an extension of up to 180 days for an initial claim or 120 days for an appeal, whichever applies, the
Committee shall send written notice of the extension. This notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and state when the Committee expects to render the decision. 

(d) Compliance with ERISA. The benefits claim procedure provided in this Section 10 is intended to comply with the provisions of
29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1. All provisions of this Section 10 shall be interpreted, construed, and limited in accordance with such intent. 

10 

11. General Provisions. 

(a) Taxes. The Company is authorized to withhold from all payments made hereunder amounts of withholding and other taxes due or
potentially payable in connection therewith, and to take such other action as the Company may deem advisable to enable the Company and an Eligible Employee to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations
relating to any payments made or benefits provided under the Plan. 

(b) No Mitigation. No Eligible Employee shall have any duty to
mitigate the amounts payable under the Plan by seeking or accepting new employment or self-employment following a Qualifying Termination. 

(c) Offset. The Company may set off against, and each Eligible Employee authorizes the Company to deduct from, any payments due to the
Eligible Employee, or to his or her estate, heirs, legal representatives, or successors, any amounts which may be due and owing to the Company Group by the Eligible Employee, whether arising under the Plan or otherwise; provided, however, that no
such offset may be made with respect to amounts payable that are subject to the requirements of Section 409A unless the offset would not result in a violation of the requirements of Section 409A. 

(d) Amendment and Termination. Prior to a Change in Control, the Board and the Committee shall have the power to amend or terminate the
Plan from time to time in its discretion and for any reason (or no reason) (including the removal of an individual as an Eligible Employee); provided that no such amendment or termination shall be effective with respect to an Eligible Employee whose
termination of employment occurred prior to the amendment or termination of the Plan; and provided, further, that, to the extent any such amendment has a detrimental impact to any Eligible Employee, such amendment will become effective with respect
to such Eligible Employee six months following approval thereof by the Board or Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during a Change in Control Protection Period, no amendment or termination of the Plan shall impair any rights of, or
obligations to, any Eligible Employee under the Plan (including the removal of an individual as an Eligible Employee) unless such Eligible Employee expressly consents to such amendment or termination. 

(e) Successors. The Plan will be binding upon any successor to the Company, its assets, its businesses or its interests (whether as a
result of the occurrence of a Change in Control or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under the Plan if no succession had taken place. All payments and benefits that become due to an Eligible
Employee under the Plan will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, assigns, designees or legal representatives. 

(f) Transfer and
Assignment. Neither an Eligible Employee nor any other person shall have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey any amounts payable under the Plan prior to the date that
such amounts are paid. 

11 

(g) Unfunded Obligation. All benefits due to an Eligible Employee under the Plan are
unfunded and unsecured and are payable out of the general assets of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. Eligible Employees shall not have any
preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 

(h) Severability. If any
provision of the Plan (or portion thereof) is held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity of such provision (or portion thereof) will not affect the remaining provisions (or portions thereof) of the Plan, but such
provision (or portion thereof) will be fully severable and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision (or portion thereof) had never been included herein. 

(i) COBRA. Subject to the rules and regulations of COBRA, in connection with an Eligible Employees Date of Termination, the
Company will provide an Eligible Employee the option to elect to continue group health plan coverage through COBRA. The election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will
remain such Eligible Employees sole responsibility, and neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates will assume any obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage. 

(j) Section 409A. The Plan is intended to comply with Section 409A or one or more exemptions thereunder and shall be construed and
administered in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, payments provided under the Plan may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any
payments under the Plan that may be exempt from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be treated as exempt from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible.
Any payments to be made under the Plan upon the termination of an Eligible Employees employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A. In no event may an
Eligible Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment under the Plan. Any installment payment under the Plan is intended to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in the
Plan to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if an Eligible Employees receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of
(i) the date of such Eligible Employees death or (ii) the date that is six months after such Eligible Employees Date of Termination (such date, the Section 409APayment Date), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to such Eligible Employee (or such Eligible Employees estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be, if applicable) until the Section 409A
Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates
be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by any Eligible Employee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 

(k) Governing Law. All questions arising with respect to the provisions of the Plan and payments or benefits due hereunder will be
determined by application of the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent preempted by federal law (including ERISA, which is the federal law that governs the Plan, the
administration of the Plan and any claims made under the Plan). 

12 

(l) Status. The Plan is intended to qualify for the exemptions under Title I of ERISA
provided for plans that are unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees. 

(m) Third-Party Beneficiaries. Each member of the Company Group not party hereto shall be a third-party beneficiary of the Restrictive
Covenants and the Eligible Employees covenants and obligations under Section 7 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 

(n) No Right to Continued Employment. The adoption and maintenance of the Plan shall not be deemed to be a contract of employment
between the Company or any of its Affiliates and any person, or to have any impact whatsoever on the at-will employment relationship between the Company or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and any of
the Eligible Employees, on the other hand. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any person the right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any of its Affiliates for any period of time or to restrict the right of the Company or any of
its Affiliates to terminate the employment of any person at any time. 

(o) Title and Headings; Construction. Titles and headings to
Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to laws, regulations, contracts, documents, agreements
and instruments refer to such laws, regulations, contracts, documents, agreements and instruments as they may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, and references to particular provisions of laws or regulations include a
reference to the corresponding provisions of any succeeding law or regulation. The word or as used herein is not exclusive and is deemed to have the meaning and/or. The words herein, hereof,
hereunder and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Plan, and not to any particular provision hereof. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the
singular number includes the plural and conversely. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set
forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import)
is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. Neither the Plan nor any uncertainty or
ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against any party hereto, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, the Plan has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and shall be construed and interpreted according
to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the parties hereto. 

(p)
Overpayment. If, due to mistake or any other reason, a person receives severance payments or benefits under the Plan in excess of what the Plan provides, such person shall repay the overpayment to the Company in a lump sum within 30
days notice of the amount of the overpayment. If such person fails to so repay the overpayment, then without limiting any other remedies available to the Company, the Company may deduct the amount of the overpayment from any other amounts
which become payable to such person under the Plan or otherwise. 

13 

(q) Clawback. Any amounts payable under the Plan are subject to any policy (whether
in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to the Eligible Employee. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole
discretion and in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and securities exchange listing standards. 

(r) Agent for Service of
Legal Process. Legal process may be served on the Committee, which is the plan administrator, at the following address: Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, c/o Infinity Natural Resources, Inc., 2605 Cranberry Square, Morgantown,
West Virginia 26508. 

14 

EXHIBIT A 

Applicable Severance Multiples, Severance Period and COBRA Multiples 

Qualifying Termination Outside of a Change in Control Protection Period 

Tier 

Applicable
Non-CIC

Severance Multiple 

Applicable
Non-CIC

Severance Period 

Applicable
Non-CIC

COBRA Multiple

Tier 1 1.5 18 months 18 months

Tier 2 1.0 12 months 12 months

Qualifying Termination During a Change in Control Protection Period 

Tier 

Applicable CIC

Severance Multiple 

Applicable CIC

COBRA Multiple

Tier 1 2.5 24 months

Tier 2 1.5 18 months

Exhibit A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d894988dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

[Date]

Re: Participation Agreement Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan 

Dear [__]: 

We are pleased to inform you that
you have been designated as eligible to participate in the Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (as it may be amended from time to time, the Plan), as a Tier [__] Executive. Your
participation in the Plan is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and your execution and delivery of this agreement, which constitutes a Participation Agreement (as defined in the Plan). A copy of the Plan is attached hereto as
Annex A and is incorporated herein and deemed to be part of this Participation Agreement for all purposes. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Participation Agreement (including Annex B) shall have the
meanings set forth in the Plan. 

[Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the following provisions will apply to you: 

1. Include provisions in the Plan that are to be modified for the particular participant, if
any.]1

In signing below, you expressly agree to be bound by, and promise to abide
by, the restrictive covenant obligations set forth in Annex B attached hereto and the terms of Section 11 of the Plan, which create certain restrictions with respect to confidentiality,
non-competition,non-solicitation, ownership of intellectual property, non-disparagement and cooperation. You agree that the
covenants within Annex B and Section 11 of the Plan are reasonable in all respects. 

You acknowledge and agree that the Plan
and this Participation Agreement supersede all prior severance policies, plans, agreements and arrangements of the Company or any other member of the Company Group (and supersede all prior oral or written communications by the Company or any of
other member of the Company Group with respect to severance payments or benefits), and all such prior policies, plans, arrangements and communications are hereby null and void and of no further force or effect, solely with respect to your severance
entitlements set forth therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary, the provisions of the Plan are in addition to and complement (and do not replace or supersede) any other written agreement(s) or parts thereof between you and
any member of the Company Group that create restrictions on you with respect to confidentiality, non-disclosure, assignment of inventions, non-competition,non-solicitation or non-disparagement.

You further acknowledge
and agree that (i) you have fully read, understand and voluntarily enter into this Participation Agreement and (ii) you have had a sufficient opportunity to consult with your personal tax, financial planning advisor and attorney about the
tax, financial and legal consequences of your participation in the Plan before signing this Participation Agreement. 

1 

Note to Form: Describe any modifications that are applicable to the participant. 

1 

This Participation Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

Please execute this Participation
Agreement in the space provided below and send a fully executed copy to [__] no later than [__]. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally
Blank] 

2 

Sincerely,

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

AGREED AND ACCEPTED

this day of , 20 by:

[Name]

[Signature Page to Participation Agreement] 

ANNEX A 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 

EXECUTIVE CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE PLAN 

[See attached] 

A-1 

ANNEX B 

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 

1.Confidentiality. In the course of your employment or service with the Company, you will be provided with, and will have
access to, Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of your receipt and access to such Confidential Information, you shall comply with this Section 1. 

(a) Both during your employment or service with any member of the Company Group (as defined below) and thereafter, except as expressly
permitted by this Annex B, you shall not directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available any Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated, or made available, to any person or entity
and shall not access or use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company Group. You acknowledge and agree that you would inevitably use and disclose Confidential Information in violation of this
Section 1 if you were to violate any of the covenants set forth in Section 2 of this Annex B. You shall follow all Company Group policies and protocols regarding the security of all
documents and other materials containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which Confidential Information is stored). Except to the extent required for the performance of your duties on behalf of the Company Group, you shall not
remove from facilities of any member of the Company Group any information, property, equipment, drawings, notes, reports, manuals, invention records, computer software, customer information, or other data or materials that relate in any way to the
Confidential Information, whether paper or electronic and whether produced by you or obtained by the Company Group. The covenants of this Section 1(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later
to become known to you during the period that you are employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group. 

(b) Notwithstanding any provision of Section 1(a) of this Annex B to the contrary, you may make the following
disclosures and uses of Confidential Information: 

(i) disclosures to other employees, officers or directors of a member of the Company
Group who have a need to know the information in connection with the businesses of the Company Group; 

(ii) disclosures to customers and
suppliers when, in your reasonable and good faith belief, such disclosure is in connection with your performance of your duties and is in the best interests of the Company Group; 

(iii) disclosures and uses that are approved in writing by the Board; or 

(iv) disclosures to a person or entity that has (x) been retained by a member of the Company Group to provide services to one or more
members of the Company Group and (y) agreed in writing to abide by the terms of a confidentiality agreement or otherwise has professional or other binding confidentiality obligations to the Company Group. 

B-1 

(c) Upon the termination of your employment, and at any other time upon request of the
Company, you shall promptly and permanently surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and all copies thereof and all other materials of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential
Information and any other Company Group property (including any Company Group-issued computer, mobile device or other equipment) in your possession, custody or control and you shall not retain any such documents or other materials or property of the
Company Group. Within ten (10) days of any such request, you shall certify to the Company in writing that all such documents, materials and property have been returned to the Company. In the event that you later discover any Company Group
property, you shall promptly return such property to the Company. You shall cooperate with Company representatives and allow such representatives to oversee the process of erasing and/or permanently removing any such Confidential Information or
other property of the Company Group from any computer, personal digital assistant, phone, or other electronic device, or any cloud-based storage account or other electronic medium owned or controlled by you. 

(d) Confidential Information means all confidential, competitively valuable,
non-public or proprietary information that is conceived, made, developed or acquired by or disclosed to you (whether conveyed orally, in writing or in any other form or medium), individually or in conjunction
with others, during the period that you are employed by or otherwise affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Companys premises or otherwise) including:
(i) technical information of any member of the Company Group, its affiliates, its investors, customers, vendors, suppliers or other third parties, including computer programs, software, databases, data, ideas,
know-how, formulae, compositions, processes, discoveries, machines, inventions (whether patentable or not), designs, developmental or experimental work, techniques, improvements, work in process, research or
test results, original works of authorship, training programs and procedures, diagrams, charts, business and product development plans, and similar items; (ii) information relating to any member of the Company Groups businesses or
properties, products or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, operations, future plans, methods of doing business, business plans, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and
sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or acquisition targets or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the
organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) or pursuant to which any member of the Company Group owes a confidentiality obligation; and (iii) other valuable, confidential
information and trade secrets of any member of the Company Group, its affiliates, its customers or other third parties. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files,
correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voice mail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models and all other writings or materials of any type
including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or the other applicable member of the
Company Group and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Annex B. For purposes of this Annex B, Confidential Information shall not include any information that
(A) is generally available to and known by the public other than as a result of a disclosure or wrongful act of you or any of your agents; (B) was available to you on a non-confidential basis before
its disclosure by a member of the Company Group; (C) becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a source other than a member of the Company Group who, to your knowledge, rightfully
possesses the information and did not obtain it, either directly or indirectly, from a member of the Company Group; provided, however, that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation with respect
to confidentiality to, a member of the Company Group; or (D) is required to be disclosed by applicable law. 

B-2 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Annex B shall prohibit or restrict
you from lawfully: (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by, any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or
official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to you from any Governmental Authority; (iii) testifying,
participating or otherwise assisting in any action or proceeding by any Governmental Authority relating to a possible violation of law; or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable
law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (1) in
confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (B) is made to your attorney in
relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against the individual for reporting a suspected violation of law; or (C) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this
Annex B requires you to obtain prior authorization before engaging in any conduct described in this paragraph, or to notify the Company that you have engaged in any such conduct. Nothing herein prevents you from discussing or disclosing
information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. 

2.Non-Competition;Non-Solicitation.

(a) The Company shall provide you access to Confidential Information for use only during your employment or service with any member of
the Company Group, and you acknowledge and agree that the Company Group will be entrusting you, in your unique and special capacity, with developing the goodwill of the Company Group, and in consideration of the Company providing you with access to
Confidential Information, clients and customers and as an express incentive for the Company to grant you the eligibility to participate in the Plan, you have voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 2.
You agree and acknowledge that, due to the nature of the Business of the Company Group, including geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects, do not interfere with public interests, will
not cause Employee undue hardship, and are material and substantial parts of this Annex B intended and necessary to prevent unfair competition and to protect the Companys Confidential Information, customer and employee relationships,
goodwill and legitimate business interests. 

(b) During the Prohibited Period (as defined below), you shall not, and shall cause your
affiliates not to, without the prior written approval of the Board, directly or indirectly, for you or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of any nature: 

B-3 

(i) engage in or participate in (or prepare to engage in or participate in) the Business
within the Market Area (each as defined below), which prohibition shall prevent you from directly or indirectly: (A) owning, investing in, controlling, managing, operating, participating in, lending your name to, contributing to, providing
assistance to or being an officer or director of, any person or entity engaged in or planning to engage in the Business in the Market Area, or (B) joining, becoming an employee or consultant of, or otherwise rendering services for or being
affiliated with or engaged by (whether or not for compensation), any person or entity engaged in, or planning to engage in, the Business in the Market Area in any capacity (with respect to this clause (B)) in which your customer or client
relationships, duties or responsibilities are the same as or similar to the customer or client relationships, duties or responsibilities that you had on behalf of any member of the Company Group, provided, however, that you shall be
permitted to own a passive interest of any class of securities of any corporation in competition with the Company Group that is traded on a national securities exchange (as long as you are not involved in the business activities of such entity);

(ii) appropriate or interfere with or attempt to appropriate or interfere with any Business Opportunity (as defined below) of, or
relating to, any member of the Company Group located in the Market Area; 

(iii) solicit, canvass, approach, encourage, entice or induce
any customer, vendor or supplier of any member of the Company Group with whom you had contact (including oversight responsibility) or learned Confidential Information about during your employment or service with any member of the Company Group to
cease or lessen such customers, vendors or suppliers business with any member of the Company Group or otherwise adversely affect such relationship, or attempt to do any of the foregoing; or 

(iv) solicit, canvass, approach, encourage, entice or induce any employee or contractor of any member of the Company Group which you had
contact during your employment or service with any member of the Company Group or who otherwise worked in the same department as you, to terminate his, her or its employment or engagement with any member of the Company Group, hire or retain any such
employee or contractor or otherwise adversely affect such relationship. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prohibit you from being
employed or engaged by any person or entity where such work (i) would not involve any level of strategic, advisory, technical, creative, or sales, or other activity similar to that which you provided to any Company Group or (ii) is in
connection with an independent business line of such person or entity that is wholly unrelated to the Business and the Confidential Information (subject to protocols to prevent you from disclosing Confidential Information). 

(c) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company Group as a result of a breach or threatened breach of the covenants
set forth in Section 1 of this Annex B and in this Section 2, and because of the immediate, irreparable and continuing damage that would be caused to the members of the Company Group for
which they would have no other adequate remedy, the Company and each other member of the Company Group shall be entitled to enforce the foregoing covenants, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Annex B. You further agree that
the Company and each member of the Company Group would, by reason 

B-4 

of such breach, or threatened breach, be entitled (a) to an injunction, a decree for specific performance, other equitable relief in a court of appropriate jurisdiction, (b) to be
indemnified by you from any loss or harm; and (c) to recover any costs or attorneys fees, arising out of or in connection with any breach by you or enforcement action relating to your obligations under this Annex B and all other
relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate), to the extent permitted by law, without the need to post any bond. You further consent and stipulate to the entry of such injunctive relief in such a court prohibiting you from
breaching the terms of this Annex B. The aforementioned equitable relief shall not be the Companys or any other member of the Company Groups exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and
remedies available to the Company and each other member of the Company Group at law and equity. You further agree that you will not challenge the reasonableness or enforceability of any of the covenants set forth in this
Section 2, and that you will reimburse the Company Group for all costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in connection with any action to enforce any of the provisions of this
Section 2 if you challenge the reasonableness or enforceability of any of the provisions of this Section 2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Annex B, in the event
of a breach of any covenant by you, the duration of any restriction breached shall be extended for a period equal to any period of time that you were in violation of such covenant to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

(d) The covenants in this Section 2, and each provision and portion hereof, are severable and separate, and the
unenforceability of any specific covenant (or portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the scope, time
or territorial restrictions set forth are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent which such arbitrator or court deems reasonable, and this Annex B shall thereby be
reformed. 

(e) The following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(i) Business shall mean the business and operations that are the same or similar to those performed by the Company
and any other member of the Company Group for which you provide services or about which you obtain Confidential Information during your employment or service with any member of the Company Group, which business and operations include, but are not
limited to the lease, acquisition, exploration, production, gathering, transporting, marketing, treating or processing of hydrocarbons and related products and the exploration potential of geographical areas on which hydrocarbon exploration
prospects are located. 

(ii) Business Opportunity shall mean any actual or potential commercial, investment or
other business opportunity of any member of the Company Group or relating to the Business about which you learned Confidential Information during your employment or service with any member of the Company Group. 

B-5 

(iii) Market Area shall mean any area that is within a five-mile
radius of the boundaries of any property, asset, or other tangible interest of any member of the Company Group (including, without limitation, a mineral lease, overriding royalty interest, production payment, net profits interest, mineral fee
interest, or option or right to acquire any of the foregoing, or an area of mutual interest as designated pursuant to contractual agreements between member of the Company Group and any third party) or any other country, state, municipality, locale,
or jurisdiction in which any member of the Company Group is engaged in providing services and in which you had material responsibilities or made actual contact (whether in person, virtual, or by email, text, or phone) between you and a customer or
prospective customer with whom you dealt on behalf of any member of the Company Group or whose dealings with the Company or any member of the Company Group was coordinated or supervised by you, or who received any product or service from the Company
or any member of the Company Group that resulted in payment of compensation to you, or about whom you obtained Confidential Information as a result of your employment with or service to the Company or any member of the Company Group. 

(iv) Prohibited Period shall mean the period during which you are employed by, or providing services to, any member
of the Company Group and continuing for a period of twelve (12) months following the date that you are no longer employed by, or providing services to, any member of the Company Group. 

(f) You undertake and agree that following the date that you are no longer employed by, or providing services to, any member of the Company
Group and prior to entering into any relationship with any other party to serve as an officer, director, employee, consultant, partner, advisor, joint-venturer or in any other capacity with any other person or entity, you shall disclose to such
other party the terms of the restrictive covenants set forth herein and hereby consents to the Company making any related disclosures. 

3.Ownership of Intellectual Property. 

(a) You agree that the Company shall own, and you shall (and hereby does) assign, all right, title and interest relating to any and all
inventions (whether or not patentable), discoveries, developments, improvements, innovations, works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, formulae, processes, techniques, data and information
authored, created, contributed to, made, conceived, developed, fabricated, reduced to practice, modified or improved, in whole or in part, by you during the period in which you are or have been employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other
member of the Company Group, whether or not registerable under U.S. law or the laws of other jurisdictions, that either (a) relate in any way to the Business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company or any
member of the Company Group, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Companys or any other member of the Company Groups time or with the use of any member of the Company Groups equipment, supplies, facilities or
Confidential Information, regardless of when or where the work is prepared, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property), and you
shall promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company in writing. To support your disclosure obligation herein, you shall keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Company Intellectual Property made by you
(solely or jointly with others) during the period in which you are or have been employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group in such form as may be specified from time to time by the Company. These records
shall be available to, and remain the sole property of, the Company at all times. For the elimination of doubt, the foregoing ownership and assignment provisions apply without limitation to patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work
rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world. 

B-6 

(b) All of your works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period in
which you are employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group and in the scope of your employment or engagement shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. To the
extent any right, title and interest in and to Company Intellectual Property cannot be assigned by you to the Company, you shall grant, and does hereby grant, to the Company Group an exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable,
worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, export, reproduce, practice and otherwise commercialize such rights, title and interest. 

(c) You recognize that this Annex B will not be deemed to require assignment of any invention or intellectual property that you
developed entirely on your own time without using the equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secrets, or Confidential Information of any member of the Company Group. In addition, this Annex B does not apply to any invention that qualifies
fully for protection from assignment to the Company under any specifically applicable state law or regulation. 

(d) To the extent allowed
by law, this Section 3 applies to all rights that may be known as or referred to as moral rights, artists rights, droit moral, or the like, including without limitation those rights
set forth in 17 U.S.C. 106A (collectively, Moral Rights). To the extent you retain any Moral Rights under applicable law, you hereby ratify and consent to any action that may be taken with respect to such Moral Rights
by or authorized by the Company or any member of the Company Group, and you hereby waive and agree not to assert any Moral Rights with respect to such Moral Rights. You shall confirm any such ratifications, consents, waivers, and agreements from
time to time as requested by the Company. 

(e) You shall perform, during and after the period in which you are or have been employed by or
affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group, all acts deemed necessary or desirable by the Company to permit and assist each member of the Company Group, at the Companys expense, in obtaining and enforcing the full
benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property and Confidential Information assigned, to be assigned, or licensed to the Company under this Annex B. Such acts may include execution of
documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable
patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property or Confidential Information. 

(f) In the event that the Company (or, as applicable, a member of the Company Group) is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any
document required to file, prosecute, register, or memorialize the assignment of any patent, copyright, mask work or other applications or to enforce any patent, copyright, mask work, moral right, trade secret or other proprietary right under any
Confidential Information or Company Intellectual Property, you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and each of the Companys duly authorized 

B-7 

officers and agents as your agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on your behalf and instead of you,
(i) to execute, file, prosecute, register and memorialize the assignment of any such application, (ii) to execute and file any documentation required for such enforcement, and (iii) to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further
the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance, and enforcement of patents, copyrights, mask works, moral rights, trade secrets or other rights under the Confidential Information or Company Intellectual Property, all
with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section 3(f) apply fully to all derivative works, improvements, renewals, extensions, continuations,
divisionals, continuations in part, continuing patent applications, reissues, and reexaminations of all Company Intellectual Property. 

(g) In the event that you enter into, on behalf of any member of the Company Group, any contracts or agreements relating to any Confidential
Information or Company Intellectual Property, you shall assign such contracts or agreements to the Company (or the applicable member of the Company Group) promptly, and in any event, prior to the termination of your employment. If the Company (or
the applicable member of the Company Group) is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any document required to assign said contracts or agreements, or if you do not assign said contracts or agreements to the Company (or the applicable
member of the Company Group) prior to the termination of your employment, you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company (or the applicable member of the Company Group) and each of the Companys duly authorized officers and agents as
your agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on your behalf and instead of you to execute said assignments and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the
execution of said documents. 

4.Non-Disparagement. Subject to
Section 1(e) above, you agree that you will not, and will cause your affiliates to not, make, publish, or communicate any statement, comment or remark, whether written or oral, which in any way disparages or defames or
could reasonably be expected to impugn the personal or professional character, reputation or integrity of the Company or any member of the Company Group or their current or former directors, officers, members, managers, partners, executives or
direct or indirect owners (including equityholders), and their customers, clients, suppliers, investors and other associated third parties, or their businesses, business practices, prospects, products or services; provided, however, that
nothing in this Annex B shall prevent you from engaging in concerted activity relative to the terms and conditions of your employment and in communications protected under the National Labor Relations Act, to the extent applicable, including
the ability to file unfair labor practice charges with the National Labor Relations Board or assist others in doing so, and otherwise cooperate with any investigative process by the National Labor Relations Board. 

5.Governing Law. All questions arising with respect to the provisions of this Annex B shall be determined by
application of the laws of the State of Delaware and with respect to any action or legal proceeding brought under this Annex B, you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware
without giving effect to any choice-of-law or conflict-of-law principle that would cause
the application of the substantive law of any jurisdiction other than Delaware. This Annex B is intended, among other things, to supplement any applicable statute protecting trade secrets, and the duties you owe to the Company and the Company
Group under the common law, including, but not limited to, the duty of loyalty. 

B-8 

6.Jury Trial Waiver. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, you irrevocably waive any and all rights to a trial by jury in any action or legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Annex B. 

7.Successors. This Annex B shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, the Company Group and
any of their respective successor organizations that shall succeed to the Company or Company Group by the occurrence of a Change in Control, merger, consolidation or operation of law, or by acquisition of assets, equity sale, or other corporate
reorganization. You may not assign this Annex B. 

8.No Oral Modifications. This Annex B may not be
changed or modified except by an agreement set forth in writing and signed by you and the Company. The waiver by the Company of any breach of this Annex B shall not be effective unless in writing and no such waiver shall be construed as a
waiver of the same or another breach on any other occasion. 

B-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>d894988dex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Zack Arnold (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a
vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such
amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect
during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights
and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the
commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written notification to
the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this
Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

16 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the
recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ David Sproule

Name: David Sproule

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>d894988dex107.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.7
<TEXT>
EX-10.7

Exhibit 10.7 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and David Sproule (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a
vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such
amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect
during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights
and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the
commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or
to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ David Sproule

Name: David Sproule

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>d894988dex108.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.8
<TEXT>
EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Raleigh Wolfe (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a
vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such
amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect
during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights
and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the
commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Raleigh Wolfe

Name: Raleigh Wolfe

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>d894988dex109.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.9
<TEXT>
EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Steven Cobb (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as an officer or
director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification and/or insurance provided by
Pearl Energy Investments, L.P. (Pearl), or affiliates of Pearl, which Indemnitee and Pearl intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein, with the Companys
acknowledgment of and agreement to the foregoing being a material condition to Indemnitees willingness to serve on the Board. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee. Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless
and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by
reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of
indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding
other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

2 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of
any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

3 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the
preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion
to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on
the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by
reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the
other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the
Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by
reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or
passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee
harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

4 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
(other than Section 9), the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by
Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from
Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any advances pursuant to
this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification
under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement,
including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an
undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is
not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a matter for
which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors 

5 

so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by the
stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent Counsel.
If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination
that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be
selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the
identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection
shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected
may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so
selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the
ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual
basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless
and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and
(ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an
objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by
Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all
objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such
Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless
of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a
special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such
determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of
indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to
have been made pursuant to Section 6

8 

of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of this Agreement within ten
(10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other
action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware,
or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be
conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into
evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial
proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 5 until a final determination is made with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a
determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in
connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the
event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this
Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of
indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying
claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the
interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder.

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Primacy of Indemnification; Insurance; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any
agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No
amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the
intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and
remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent
the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and
maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company
with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their
terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee
with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company

10 

shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The
Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(c) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance provided
by Pearl and certain affiliates that, directly or indirectly, (i) are controlled by, (ii) control or (iii) are under common control with, Pearl (collectively, the Fund Indemnitors). With respect to any amounts that
are subject to indemnity under this Agreement and also subject to an indemnity obligation owed by Fund Indemnitors, the Company hereby agrees (i) that, as compared to the Fund Indemnitors, the Company is the indemnitor of first resort with
respect to any rights to indemnification provided to Indemnitee herein (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Fund Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same Expenses or liabilities
incurred by Indemnitee is secondary), (ii) that the Company shall be required to advance the full amount of Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the Charter or Bylaws of the Company (or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee), without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against
the Fund Indemnitors and (iii) that the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Fund Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Fund Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect
thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Fund Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Fund
Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Fund Indemnitors are
express third-party beneficiaries of the terms of this Section 8(c). 

(d) Except as provided in
Section 8(c) above, in the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Fund Indemnitors),
who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(e) Except as provided in Section 8(c) above, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any
payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

(f) Except as provided in Section 8(c) above, the Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses
hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by
any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

11 

9. Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this
Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except
with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; provided, that the foregoing shall not affect the rights of Indemnitee or the Fund Indemnitors set forth in
Section 8(c) above; or 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase)
by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by
Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment to the Company of profits arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection
with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless
(i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement or; 

(e) any
reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply
with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of
Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any
payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

12 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the
later of (a) twenty (20) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is
granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding
commenced pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such
Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and
personal and legal representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than NGP Energy
Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors; 

13 

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two
(2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered
into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was
approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved,
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions.
The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after
such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an
agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or
disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a
person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

(d) Disinterested Director means a
director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan
or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary, partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

14 

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees,
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and
all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to,
or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and
other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this
Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to
such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or
defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses,
however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h)
Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company
or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the
Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would
have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred
to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the
stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j)
Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other
actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by 

15 

Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by
Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in any
such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding one
initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee and Nominating Member indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement shall be binding upon and be
enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse,
assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

16 

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach
of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this
Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from
seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by
the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No
supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any
other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

16. Notice By Indemnitee.
Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject
to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall
not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

17 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware
Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Steven Cobb

Name: Steven Cobb

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>d894988dex1010.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.10
<TEXT>
EX-10.10

Exhibit 10.10 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and William J. Quinn (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to
serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service for
or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification and/or insurance provided by Pearl
Energy Investments, L.P. (Pearl), or affiliates of Pearl, which Indemnitee and Pearl intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein, with the Companys
acknowledgment of and agreement to the foregoing being a material condition to Indemnitees willingness to serve on the Board. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee. Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless
and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by
reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of
indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding
other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

2 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of
any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

3 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the
preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion
to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on
the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by
reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the
other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the
Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by
reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or
passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee
harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

4 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
(other than Section 9), the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by
Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from
Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any advances pursuant to
this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification
under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement,
including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an
undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is
not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a matter for
which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors 

5 

so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by the
stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent Counsel.
If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination
that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be
selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the
identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection
shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected
may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so
selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the
ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual
basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless
and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and
(ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an
objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by
Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all
objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such
Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless
of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/

or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for
purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted
in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and
convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a
special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such
determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6

8 

of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of this Agreement within ten
(10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other
action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware,
or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be
conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into
evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial
proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 5 until a final determination is made with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a
determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in
connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the
event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this
Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of
indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying
claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the
interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder.

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Primacy of Indemnification; Insurance; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any
agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No
amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the
intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and
remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent
the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and
maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company
with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their
terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee
with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company

10 

shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The
Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(c) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance provided
by Pearl and certain affiliates that, directly or indirectly, (i) are controlled by, (ii) control or (iii) are under common control with, Pearl (collectively, the Fund Indemnitors). With respect to any amounts that
are subject to indemnity under this Agreement and also subject to an indemnity obligation owed by Fund Indemnitors, the Company hereby agrees (i) that, as compared to the Fund Indemnitors, the Company is the indemnitor of first resort with
respect to any rights to indemnification provided to Indemnitee herein (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Fund Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same Expenses or liabilities
incurred by Indemnitee is secondary), (ii) that the Company shall be required to advance the full amount of Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the Charter or Bylaws of the Company (or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee), without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against
the Fund Indemnitors and (iii) that the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Fund Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Fund Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect
thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Fund Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Fund
Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Fund Indemnitors are
express third-party beneficiaries of the terms of this Section 8(c). 

(d) Except as provided in
Section 8(c) above, in the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Fund Indemnitors),
who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(e) Except as provided in Section 8(c) above, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any
payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

(f) Except as provided in Section 8(c) above, the Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses
hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by
any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

11 

9. Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this
Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except
with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; provided, that the foregoing shall not affect the rights of Indemnitee or the Fund Indemnitors set forth in
Section 8(c) above; or 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase)
by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by
Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment to the Company of profits arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection
with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless
(i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement or; 

(e) any
reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply
with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of
Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any
payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

12 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the
later of (a) twenty (20) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is
granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding
commenced pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such
Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and
personal and legal representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than NGP Energy
Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors; 

13 

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two
(2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered
into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was
approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved,
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions.
The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after
such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an
agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or
disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a
person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

(d) Disinterested Director means a
director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan
or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary, partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

14 

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees,
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and
all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to,
or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and
other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this
Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to
such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or
defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses,
however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h)
Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company
or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the
Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would
have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred
to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the
stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j)
Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other
actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by 

15 

Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by
Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in any
such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding one
initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee and Nominating Member indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement shall be binding upon and be
enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse,
assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

16 

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach
of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this
Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from
seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by
the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No
supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any
other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

16. Notice By Indemnitee.
Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject
to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall
not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

17 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware
Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ William J. Quinn

Name: William J. Quinn

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d894988dex1011.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.11
<TEXT>
EX-10.11

Exhibit 10.11 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Katherine Gallagher (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as an officer or
director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a
vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such
amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect
during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights
and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the
commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Katherine Gallagher

Name: Katherine Gallagher

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d894988dex1012.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.12
<TEXT>
EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Scott A. Gieselman (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

(e) The Company shall, to the
fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding
and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

9 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to
entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and
to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without
reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of
any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification
than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred
is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The
assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated
to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the
Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director,
officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably
insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to
the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of
such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall
be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable
the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

10 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts
otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any
reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Scott A. Gieselman

Name: Scott A. Gieselman

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d894988dex1013.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.13
<TEXT>
EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Steven D. Gray (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the
Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with
Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal
counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination
by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of
conduct. 

(e) Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of
account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on
information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to
act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this
Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company.
Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f) Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this Section 6 to
determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall to
the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make
Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the determination of
entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination,
the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special
meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is
made thereat. 

7 

(g) Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with respect to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to
Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h) In the event
that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of
money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the
burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim,
issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to
indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that
Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without
Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not
impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the
Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

(e) The Company shall, to the
fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding
and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

9 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to
entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and
to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without
reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of
any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification
than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred
is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The
assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated
to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the
Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director,
officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably
insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to
the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of
such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10. NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of
America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity to
review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the date
that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Steven D. Gray

Name: Steven D. Gray

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d894988dex1014.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14
<TEXT>
EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Sarah P. James (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a
vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such
amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect
during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights
and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the
commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Sarah P. James

Name: Sarah P. James

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d894988dex1015.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.15
<TEXT>
EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and David P. Poole (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing
to serve or continue to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to
serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is
threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without
limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or
otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding
or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee 

2 

against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth
in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, 

3 

fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding
arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors
or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in
such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than
Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were
motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless from any
claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 9), the
Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with
the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or

4 

advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any
advances pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement
to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of
advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall
constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a
matter for which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by
the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent
Counsel. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any
determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

5 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give
written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written
objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in
Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a
written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control
has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the
Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection;
provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of
this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the
determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and (ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of
competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such
other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any
and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident
to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or
(B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and
such determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of
this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
litigation or other action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an

8 

appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses.
Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose
Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in
all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of
Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its
compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to
Section 5 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an
omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding
or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request
therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying
claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense
thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. 

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation. 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any agreement, a
vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No amendment,
alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status prior to such
amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the
parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and maintain in effect
during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee with the same rights
and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the
commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of
the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

10 

(c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to
the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to
bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise
indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

(e) The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or
advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

9.
Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving
Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or 

(b) for
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state
statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation
or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the
payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its
initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement
or; 

11 

(e) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any
compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the
Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States
of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity
to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) twenty (20) years after the
date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which
Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding commenced pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first
threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal
representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders of the Company in 

12 

substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the
aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 

(ii) Change in
Board of Directors. During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a
director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for
election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity,
other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the
stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required,
the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or
trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

13 

(d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary,
partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types
customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to, or objecting to, a request to provide discovery
in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas
bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection
with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or
insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h) Independent Counsel means a law
firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the
Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against
any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j) Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration,
mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or
director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action
taken by Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving
in any such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but
excluding one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

15 

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement
to and in furtherance of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or
assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall
require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and
Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the
parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific
performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive
relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond
or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed
in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

16. Notice By Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise
receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written

16 

notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the 

17 

Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and
(ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF THIS PAGE IS
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ David P. Poole

Name: David P. Poole

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d894988dex1016.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.16
<TEXT>
EX-10.16

Exhibit 10.16 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 30, 2025 between Infinity
Natural Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Brian Seline (Indemnitee). 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors or officers or in other capacities unless they
are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been
a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other
things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the corporation or business enterprise itself. The Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended or restated, the Bylaws) require indemnification of
the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers of the Company and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance Expenses (as
hereinafter defined) on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee may not be willing to serve or continue to serve as an officer or
director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve in such capacity; Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification and/or insurance provided by
NGP Energy Capital Management, L.L.C. (NGP), or affiliates of NGP, which Indemnitee and NGP intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify Indemnitee as provided herein, with the Companys
acknowledgment of and agreement to the foregoing being a material condition to Indemnitees willingness to serve on the Board. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of Indemnitees agreement to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer from and after the date hereof, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Indemnity of Indemnitee. Subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Company hereby agrees to hold harmless
and indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, if Indemnitee was or is, or is threatened to be made, a party to, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) by
reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status (as hereinafter defined). In furtherance of the foregoing indemnification, and without limiting the generality thereof: 

(a) Proceedings other than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of
indemnification provided in this Section l(a) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in, or otherwise becomes involved in, any Proceeding
other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 1(a), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(b) Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 1(b) if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Section 1(b), Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee, or on Indemnitees behalf, in connection with such Proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company; provided, however, if applicable law so provides, no indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter in such Proceeding as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that the court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine that Indemnitee is
fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification. 

2 

(c) Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to or participant in, and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of
any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, Indemnitee shall be indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by law, as such may be amended from time to time, against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this
Section 1(c) and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

(d) Indemnification of Nominating Member. If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one or more investment partnerships
that has invested directly or indirectly in the Company (a Nominating Member), (ii) the Nominating Member is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding and (iii) the Nominating Members
involvement in the Proceeding results from any claim based on Indemnitees service to the Company as a director or other fiduciary of the Company, the Nominating Member will be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Expenses to the same
extent as Indemnitee and advancement of Expenses shall apply to any such indemnification of Nominating Member. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each Nominating Member is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this
Section 1(d). 

(e) Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this
Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

2. Additional Indemnity. In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in
Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company). The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement, other than those set forth in Section 9 hereof, shall be that the Company
shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. 

3. Contribution. 

(a)
Whether or not the indemnification provided in Sections 1 and 2 hereof is available, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. 

3 

(b) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the
preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such
Proceeding), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion
to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on
the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose; provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by
reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the
other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which the law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the
Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand, shall be determined by
reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or
passive. 

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee
harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for
Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding, and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee
in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). 

4. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness, is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests or is otherwise
asked to participate in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. 

4 

5. Advancement of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
(other than Section 9), the Company shall advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (or part of any Proceeding) not initiated by
Indemnitee or any Proceeding initiated by Indemnitee with the prior approval of the Board as provided in Section 9(d), within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from
Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. Any advances pursuant to
this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification
under the other provisions of this Agreement. In accordance with Section 7(d) of this Agreement, advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement,
including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Agreement, which shall constitute an
undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) by the Company pursuant to this Section 5, if and only to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is
not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 5 shall not apply to claim by Indemnitee for Expenses in a matter for
which indemnity and advancement of Expenses is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6. Procedures and
Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification. It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for Indemnitee rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of
Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement: 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith
such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The President or Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of Indemnitee to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request
in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to Indemnitee unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. 

(b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 6(a) hereof, a
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, which shall be at the election of the Board: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as
hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (iii) if there are
no Disinterested Directors, or if the Disinterested Directors 

5 

so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (iv) if so directed by the Board, by the
stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) has occurred, the determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made by Independent Counsel.
If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination
that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. 

(c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel shall be
selected as provided in this Section 6(c). If a Change in Control has not occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the
identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. Indemnitee may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection
shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected
may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If a Change in Control has occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board, in which event the preceding sentence shall apply), and the Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising the Company of the identity of the Independent Counsel so
selected. The Board may, within ten (10) days after such notification by Indemnitee has been given, deliver to Indemnitee a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the
ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 12 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual
basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless
and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If (i) an Independent Counsel is to make the determination of entitlement pursuant to this Section 6, and
(ii) within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected (including as a result of an
objection to the selected Independent Counsel), either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by
Indemnitee to the Companys selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a Person selected by the court or by such other Person as the court shall designate, and the Person with respect to whom all
objections are so resolved or the Person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 6(b) hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such
Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 6(c), regardless
of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 

6 

(d)In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
hereunder, the Person making such determination shall to the fullest extent permitted by law presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee shall have submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 6(a) of this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof to overcome such presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

(e)Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the
records or books of account of the Enterprise (as hereinafter defined), including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for
the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Enterprise. In addition, the knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of
this Section 6(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(f)Subject to Section 7(f), if the Person empowered or selected under this
Section 6 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law; provided, however, that
such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good
faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(f) shall not apply if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such
determination, the Board resolves to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within seventy-five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a
special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such
determination is made thereat. 

7 

(g)Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Person making such determination with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to
Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(h)In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse
judgment against Indemnitee (including, without limitation, settlement of such action, claim or proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration), it shall to the fullest extent permitted by law be presumed that Indemnitee has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 

(i) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in
a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. 

(j) The Company shall not, without Indemnitees prior written consent, enter into any such settlement of any Proceeding (in whole or in
part) unless such settlement (i) provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee and (ii) does not impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. 

(k) The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

7. Remedies of Indemnitee. 

(a) Subject to Section 7(f), in the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to
Section 6 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement,
(iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(a), 1(b) and 2 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such
determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 6

8 

of this Agreement, (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 1(c), 1(e), 4 or 6(g) of this Agreement within ten
(10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor or (vi) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other
action or Proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to the Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of Delaware,
or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of Indemnitees entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be
conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 6(b). In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be
entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to, or introduce into
evidence, any determination pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose other than to establish its compliance with the terms of this Agreement. If Indemnitee commences a judicial
proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 7, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 5 until a final determination is made with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a
determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 6(b) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 7, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees misstatement not materially misleading, in
connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) In the
event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 7, incurs costs, in a judicial or arbitration proceeding or otherwise attempting to enforce Indemnitees rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this
Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in such efforts and shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of written request therefor) advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such Expenses to Indemnitee, if, in the case of
indemnification, Indemnitee is wholly successful on the underlying claims. However, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful on the underlying claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent Indemnitee is successful on such underlying
claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the
interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder.

9 

(e) The Company shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, be precluded from
asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 7 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or
before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 

8. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Primacy of Indemnification; Insurance; Subrogation.

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement (i) shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended or restated, the Charter), the Bylaws, any
agreement, a vote of stockholders, a resolution of directors or otherwise, of the Company and (ii) shall be interpreted independently of, and without reference to, any other such right to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled. No
amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate Status
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in the DGCL, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification than would be afforded currently under the Charter, Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the
intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and
remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent
the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The Company shall, if commercially reasonable, obtain and
maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the directors and officers of the Company
with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their
terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee
with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers. At the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company

10 

shall give prompt notice of such claim or of the commencement of a Proceeding, as the case may be, to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The
Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(c) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance provided
by NGP and certain affiliates that, directly or indirectly, (i) are controlled by, (ii) control or (iii) are under common control with, NGP (collectively, the Fund Indemnitors). With respect to any amounts that are
subject to indemnity under this Agreement and also subject to an indemnity obligation owed by Fund Indemnitors, the Company hereby agrees (i) that, as compared to the Fund Indemnitors, the Company is the indemnitor of first resort with respect
to any rights to indemnification provided to Indemnitee herein (i.e., its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Fund Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same Expenses or liabilities
incurred by Indemnitee is secondary), (ii) that the Company shall be required to advance the full amount of Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the Charter or Bylaws of the Company (or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee), without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against
the Fund Indemnitors and (iii) that the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Fund Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Fund Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect
thereof. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Fund Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Fund
Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Fund Indemnitors are
express third-party beneficiaries of the terms of this Section 8(c). 

(d) Except as provided in
Section 8(c) above, in the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Fund Indemnitors),
who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(e) Except as provided in Section 8(c) above, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any
payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement of Expenses is provided) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

(f) Except as provided in Section 8(c) above, the Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses
hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by
any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 

11 

9. Exception to Right of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any provision in this
Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity or advancement of Expenses in connection with any claim involving Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except
with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; provided, that the foregoing shall not affect the rights of Indemnitee or the Fund Indemnitors set forth in
Section 8(c) above; or 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase)
by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (as hereinafter defined), or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by
Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, in each case as required under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment to the Company of profits arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); 

(d) in connection
with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless
(i) the Company has joined in or the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement or; 

(e) any
reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply
with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

10.NonDisclosure of
Payments. Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of America or other applicable law, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any
payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford Indemnitee an opportunity to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. 

12 

11. Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the
later of (a) twenty (20) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee served at the request of the Company, and (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is
granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Proceeding
commenced pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement). Termination of this Agreement shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such
Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such termination. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and
personal and legal representatives. 

12. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 

(b) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the
following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below), other than Pearl Energy
Investments, L.P., NGP and their affiliates, and other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined above), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
Companys then outstanding securities, unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding securities entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors; 

13 

(ii) Change in Board of Directors. During any period of two
(2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered
into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in Section 12(b)(i), 12(b)(iii) or 12(b)(iv)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was
approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved,
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions.
The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after
such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and 

(iv) Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an
agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or
disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

(c) Corporate Status describes the status of a
person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of the Company, any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company, or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise that such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

(d) Disinterested Director means a
director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(e) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan
or other enterprise that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent, fiduciary, partner, managing member or trustee. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

14 

(g) Expenses shall include all reasonable attorneys fees,
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and
all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, participating, or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding, or responding to,
or objecting to, a request to provide discovery in any Proceeding. Expenses also shall include (i) Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including, without limitation, the premium, security for, and
other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent, (ii) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this
Agreement, (iii) Expenses incurred in connection with recovery under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee is ultimately determined to be entitled to
such indemnification, advancement or Expenses or insurance recovery, as the case may be, and (iv) for purposes of Section 7(d) only, Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the interpretation, enforcement or
defense of Indemnitees rights under this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or under any directors and/or officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, by litigation or otherwise. Expenses,
however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(h)
Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five (5) years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company
or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the
Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would
have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Independent Counsel referred
to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(i) Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided,
however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the
stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(j)
Proceeding includes any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other
actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party, potential party, non-party witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer or director of the Company, by reason of any action taken by 

15 

Indemnitee or of any inaction on Indemnitees part while acting as an officer or director of the Company, or by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken by
Indemnitee (or a failure to take action by Indemnitee) or of any action (or failure to act) on Indemnitees part while acting pursuant to Indemnitees Corporate Status; in each case whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in any
such capacity at the time any liability or Expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or Advancement of Expenses can be provided under this Agreement; including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement, but excluding one
initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. 

13. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (ii) such provision or
provisions shall be deemed reformed to the fullest extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (iii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed
so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee and Nominating Member indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
laws. 

14. Enforcement and Binding Effect. 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving or continuing to serve as a director or officer of the Company.

(b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws, any directors and/or officers insurance maintained by the Company and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Agreement shall be binding upon and be
enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse,
assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

16 

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach
of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this
Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from
seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by
the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

15. Modification and Waiver. No
supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any
other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

16. Notice By Indemnitee.
Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject
to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The written notification to the Company shall include a description of the nature of the Proceeding and the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to so notify the Company shall
not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. 

17. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next
business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: 

(a) 

To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitees signature hereto. 

17 

(b) 

To the Company at: 

Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. 

2605 Cranberry Square 

Morgantown, WV 26508 

Attention: General Counsel 

Email: legal@infinitynr.com 

or to such other
address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute
part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20. Usage of Pronouns. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. 

21. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement
and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its
conflict-of-laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware
Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, and (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

[THE REMAINDEROF
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the
day and year first written above. 

INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Zack Arnold

Name: Zack Arnold

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Brian Seline

Name: Brian Seline

Address:

[***] 

Signature Page to
Indemnification Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>inr-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>inr-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>inr-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0002029118

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity Registrant Name INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-42499

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-3407012

Entity Address, Address Line One 2605 Cranberry Square

Entity Address, City or Town Morgantown

Entity Address, State or Province WV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 26058

City Area Code (304)

Local Phone Number 212-2350

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol INR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250130/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d894988d8k.htm 
inr-20250130.xsd 
inr-20250130_lab.xml 
inr-20250130_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-019326-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>d894988d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002029118 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

false 
0002029118 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
INFINITY NATURAL RESOURCES, INC. 
DE 
001-42499 
99-3407012 
2605 Cranberry Square 
Morgantown 
WV 
26058 
(304) 
212-2350 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
INR 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>