<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-011560.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-011560.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211172559
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-011560
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241126
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001863990
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				863962954
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40916
		FILM NUMBER:		25610979

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2105 WEST CARDINAL DRIVE
		CITY:			BEAUMONT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77705
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 861-0788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2105 WEST CARDINAL DRIVE
		CITY:			BEAUMONT
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77705

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Infrared Cameras Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sportsmap Tech Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210524
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm256120d1_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186399000018639902024-11-262024-11-260001863990MSAI:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2024-11-262024-11-260001863990MSAI:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember2024-11-262024-11-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
November 26, 2024

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

001-40916

(Commission File Number) 

86-3938682

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2105 West Cardinal Drive

Beaumont, Texas77705

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(866) 861-0788

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name
of each exchange

on which registered

Common
stock, $0.0001 par value per share MSAI The NASDAQStock Market LLC

Warrants
to purchase common stock MSAIW The NASDAQStock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

This Amendment No. 1 on Form
8-K/A (this Amendment) is being filed by MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
to amend its Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 27, 2024 and January 6,
2025 (together, the Original Filings), to provide information regarding material compensatory arrangements between the
Company and each of Peter Baird, Robert Nadolny and Stuart V. Flavin III, respectively, as such compensatory information was not determined
at the time of the Original Filings. Other than providing the additional information in Item 5.02 below, no other disclosures in the
Original Filings are amended by this Form 8-K/A.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Baird Employment Agreement 

As previously announced,
on January 6, 2025, the board of directors of the Company (the Board) appointed Peter Baird as the Companys Chief
Commercial Officer. On February 7, 2025, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement by and between the Company
and Mr. Baird, effective February 5, 2025 (the Baird Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the Baird Employment Agreement,
Mr. Baird is (i) entitled to receive an annual base salary of $350,000 (the Baird Base Salary), (ii) eligible to receive
a target annual bonus of 100% of the Baird Base Salary (the Baird Target Bonus), with payouts ranging from 0% to 200% of
the Baird Target Bonus depending on the achievement of performance targets as set and determined by the compensation committee of the
Board, and (iii) subject to an increase in the share reserve, a restricted stock unit award (RSU Award) and a performance
stock unit award (PSU Award) equal to 134,615 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock) and 471,154 shares of Common Stock, respectively. Both of Mr. Bairds RSU Award and the PSU Award are
subject to the terms and conditions of the MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 2023 Incentive Award Plan (the Incentive Plan)
and the terms and conditions of the Barid Employment Agreement. Mr. Baird is entitled to paid vacation and eligible to participate in
and receive the standard benefits provided to all Company employees including, but not limited to, coverage under the Company health
insurance plan. Mr. Baird will be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of his duties.

The Baird Employment Agreement
provides for an initial one-year term, which will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless terminated by Mr. Baird or
the Company, in writing, at least 60 days prior to the end of the then-current employment period. In the event Mr. Baird resigns or is
terminated without cause (as defined in the Baird Employment Agreement), he will be entitled to all compensation and benefits
earned through the 90-day notice period required under the Baird Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Baird Employment
Agreement, Mr. Baird is employed on an at-will basis, and his employment may be terminated by Mr. Baird or the Company
at any time.

The Baird Employment Agreement
also includes provisions for intellectual property assignment, non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disparagement.

The foregoing description
of the Baird Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Nadolny Employment Agreement 

As previously announced,
on January 6, 2025, the Board appointed Robert Nadolny as the Companys Chief Financial Officer. On February 7, 2025, the Company
entered into an amended and restated employment agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Nadolny, effective February 5, 2025 (the
Nadolny Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the Nadolny Employment Agreement, Mr. Nadolny is (i) entitled to receive an
annual base salary of $250,000 (the Nadolny Base Salary) (ii) eligible to receive a target annual bonus of 50% of the Nadolny
Base Salary (the Nadolny Target Bonus), with payouts ranging from 0% to 100% of the Nadolny Target Bonus depending on the
achievement of performance targets as set and determined by the compensation committee of the Board, (iii) entitled to receive a one-time
bonus of $20,000 in recognition of Mr. Nadolnys performance in 2024, and (iv) entitled to receive an RSU Award equal to 48,076
shares of Common Stock and a PSU Award equal to 48,076 shares of Common Stock, both subject to the terms and conditions of the Incentive
Plan and the terms and conditions of the Nadolny Employment Agreement. Additionally, the Nadolny Employment Agreement amends the
vesting schedule of the RSUs granted to Mr. Nadolny by the Company on August 26, 2024 (the 2024 Award), such that, notwithstanding
the terms of the 2024 Award Agreement or related Grant Notice, (i) 25% of the total RSUs underlying the 2024 Award will be deemed to
be vested as of August 26, 2024, and (ii) an additional 25% of the total RSUs underlying the 2024 Award will vest on each of January
1, 2026, January 1, 2027 and January 1, 2028, subject to the terms of the Nadolny Employment Agreement.

In the event Mr. Nadolny is
terminated without cause (as defined in the Nadolny Employment Agreement) or resigns with good reason (as
defined in the Nadolny Employment Agreement), the RSU Award, PSU Award and 2024 Award will each vest in full as of the date of the termination
or resignation, as applicable. Mr. Nadolny is entitled to paid vacation and eligible to participate in and receive the standard benefits
provided to all Company employees including, but not limited to, coverage under the Company health insurance plan. Mr. Nadolny will be
reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of his duties.

The Nadolny Employment Agreement
provides for an initial one-year term, which will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless terminated by Mr. Nadolny or
the Company in writing at least 60 days prior to the end of the then-current employment period. In the event Mr. Nadolny resigns or is
terminated without cause, he will be entitled to all compensation and benefits earned through the 90-day notice period required
under the Nadolny Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Nadolny Employment Agreement, Mr. Nadolny is employed on an at-will
basis, and his employment may be terminated by Mr. Nadolny or the Company at any time.

The Nadolny Employment Agreement
also includes provisions for intellectual property assignment, non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disparagement.

The foregoing description
of the Nadolny Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.2, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Flavin Letter Agreement 

As previously announced, on
November 26, 2024, the Board appointed Stuart V. Flavin III to serve as the Companys Interim Chief Executive Officer, and on January
6, 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Flavin to serve as the Companys Interim President. On February 7, 2025, the Company entered into
a letter agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Flavin (the Flavin Letter Agreement), specifying the terms of Mr.
Flavins compensation during his term as Interim President and Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Pursuant to the Flavin Letter
Agreement, Mr. Flavin is (i) entitled to receive an annual base salary of $300,000, (ii) entitled to receive a one-time $75,000 cash bonus,
(iii) and is entitled to receive an RSU Award equal to 67,300 shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the Incentive
Plan and the Flavin Letter Agreement. Mr. Flavin is also entitled to reimbursement of certain information technology expenses approximating
$6,000. Mr. Flavin is not eligible for vacation, health care or any other health and welfare benefits.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Flavin Letter Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.3, and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Exhibits and Financial Statements.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

10.1* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. and Peter Baird, dated February 7, 2025.

10.2* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. and Robert Nadolny, dated February 7, 2025.

10.3* Letter Agreement, by and between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. and Stuart V. Flavin III, dated February 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

Date: February 11, 2025 By: /s/ Robert Nadolny

Name: Robert Nadolny

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm256120d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into among MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(formerly known as Infrared Cameras, Holdings, Inc., the Company), Infrared Cameras, Inc., a Texas Corporation (ICI)
and Peter Baird (the Executive) and sets out the general terms of the Executives employment, duties, and compensation.

WHEREAS, the Company, ICI
and the Executive previously entered into that certain Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and the Executive, effective as
of December 19, 2023 (the Original Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to continue to retain the services and employment of the Executive, and the Executive desires to continue to provide his services to and
be employed by the Company, in each case upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are mutually acknowledged, the Company, ICI and the Executive agree as follows:

1. 
Effective Date. This Agreement is effective as of February 5, 2025 (the Effective Date) and
continues until terminated pursuant to paragraph 10.

2. 
Duties.

(a) 
The Executive will act as the Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) with the responsibility for leading the Companys
commercial strategy and developing initiatives that drive revenue growth, including leading and scaling the sales and business development
teams, creating accountability within the company, defining sales objectives and driving the Company to achieve targets, ensuring a robust
after-sales process to deliver strong customer engagement, building strong and collaborative relationships with other internal stakeholders,
and monitoring market trends and providing regular market analysis. The Executive will perform such other duties and responsibilities
as are commensurate with the title and position of CCO, including those that are necessary or appropriate for the financial operation
and management of the Company as determined by the Company, and may include regulatory and compliance, human resources, information technology
and commercial oversight and strategy.

(b) 
The Executive agrees to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of the Executives ability and to devote his full business
time, attention and efforts to the Companys operations during his employment. During his employment, the Executive will (i) work
with other employees, independent contractors, vendors, service providers and clients of the Company,
as applicable, and its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates controlled by the Company in a respectful,
competent and professional manner; and (ii) carry out his duties and responsibilities hereunder in a competent and professional manner.

(c) 
The Executive agrees to comply with and be bound by such employment-related policies and practices
as the Company implements, including all employee, ethical and client conflict-of-interest policies, as such policies may be interpreted,
adopted, revised or terminated from time to time in the Companys sole discretion. Such policies
may or may not be in writing and may be communicated either in writing, verbally and/or via electronic means (i.e., email).

1

3. 
Compensation. During the term of the Executives employment under this Agreement, the Executive will be compensated
as follows:

(a) 
Base Salary. The Executives annualized base salary shall be $350,000.00 (the Base
Salary), which Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company general payroll practices, including those related
to withholding for taxes, insurance and similar items. The Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Companys board
of directors (the Board) or a subcommittee therefore, and may be adjusted from time to time by the Board or such
subcommittee in its sole discretion.

(b) 
Annual Bonus. The Executive shall also be eligible for an annual bonus with a target equal to 100% of Base Salary (the Target
Bonus) and payout ranges of between 0% and 200% of the Target Bonus, based upon achievement of performance targets, as set
and determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its sole discretion. To be eligible for the annual bonus, the Executive
must be employed by the Company on the date the bonus is paid.

(c) 
Equity Grant. Subject to the Companys shareholders approving an increase in the share
reserve (the Share Increase Approval) under the MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 2023 Incentive Award Plan (the
Plan), the Company will grant the Executive a restricted stock unit award (the RSU Award) and
a performance stock unit award (the PSU Award), each pursuant to the Plan and with a grant date as of the date of
the Share Increase Approval (the Grant Date). The number of restricted stock units underlying the RSU Award shall
be equal to 134,615 shares and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and
Grant Notice attached hereto as Exhibit A (the RSU Award Agreement). The number of performance stock units
underlying the PSU Award shall be equal to 471,154 shares and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Performance
Stock Unit Award Agreement and Grant Notice attached hereto as Exhibit B (the PSU Award Agreement).

4. 
Benefits. During the term of the Executives employment under this Agreement, the Company will provide the
Executive with the following benefits:

(a) 
Vacation. The Executive will be eligible for paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy, as in
effect from time to time.

(b) 
Professional Development. The Company will reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred with respect to maintaining
any licenses held or professional development subject to approval by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and President in advance
of the Executive incurring such expenses.

(c) 
Additional Benefits. The Executive will be eligible to participate in and receive the
standard benefits provided to all Company employees including, but not limited to, coverage under
its group health insurance plan, pursuant to the terms of such plans and programs. The Company provides no assurance as to the adoption
or continuance of any particular benefit plan or program.

2

5. 
Business Expenses. The Company will reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred in the performance
of his duties under this Agreement upon presenting to the Company appropriate monthly expense reports with supporting documentation substantiating
such expenses, in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time.

6. 
Nondisclosure and Protection of Proprietary Information.

(a) 
The Executive acknowledges that he will have access to the Companys Proprietary and Trade Secret Information, as defined
below. Both during employment with the Company and at all times after such employment ends, the Executive covenants to hold in the strictest
confidence and not use or disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity any of the Companys Proprietary and Trade Secret
Information, except as such disclosure may be required (i) in connection with the Executives work for the Company, (ii) as expressly
authorized by Company policies in effect from time to time, or (iii) except as protected by paragraph 8 below. The Executive understands
that this non-disclosure obligation continues indefinitely after the termination of this Agreement.

(b) 
For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Proprietary and Trade Secret Information shall mean any and all
Company confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information of the Company, its affiliates, parents and subsidiaries, whether
having existed, now existing, or to be developed during the employment period, including, but not limited to: (i) information regarding
new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, prices and costs, margins, discounts,
credit terms, pricing and billing policies, quoting procedures, methods of obtaining business, contracts, forecasts, future plans and
potential strategies, financial projections and business strategies, operational plans, financing and capital-raising plans, activities
and agreements, internal services and operational manuals, methods of conducting Company business, suppliers and supplier information,
and purchasing; (ii) information regarding clients and potential clients of the Company; (iii) information regarding any of the Companys
business partners and their services, including names, representatives, proposals, bids, contracts and their contents and parties, the
type and quantity of products and services received by the Company, and other non-public information
relating to business partners; (iv) information regarding personnel, employee lists, compensation, and employee skills; and (v) any other
non-public information which a competitor of the Company could use to the competitive disadvantage of the Company. The term Proprietary
and Trade Secret Information shall not include information that the Executive acquired from a third party without a duty of confidentiality
or that is or becomes readily ascertainable to the public, in each case through lawful means and through no breach of this Agreement or
any other agreement.

3

7. 
Noncompetition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement. While this Agreement is in
effect, and during the Executives employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of the
Executives employment for any reason (or, with respect to subclause (d), at all times thereafter), the Executive covenants not
to:

(a) 
engage in, own, or have any interest in, whether alone or together with or on behalf of or through any other person or entity,
whether as a sole proprietor, partner, shareholder, agent, officer, director, employee, advisor, consultant, trustee, beneficiary or otherwise,
in any business or organization which competes in the same field with the Company, which is the development, manufacture, sales, service
and deployment of infrared (thermal) cameras and systems, including training in the use of such cameras and systems and software used
therein, and/or other business the Company may engage in during the Executives employment with
the Company, or may have taken material steps toward engaging in as of the termination of such employment, anywhere in the world; or

(b) 
solicit or attempt to hire, influence, or otherwise direct any employee, consultant, contractor, or other service provider of the
Company or its affiliates to leave or reduce their employment or engagement; or

(c) 
persuade or attempt to persuade or otherwise induce any other person or entity which has a business relationship or planned relationship
with the Company at any time during the Executives employment, and had a business relationship with the Company within the two-year
period prior to any such persuasion, interference or other action prohibited by this paragraph, to discontinue, reduce or adversely modify
such business relationship with the Company, or otherwise attempt to interfere with such business
relationship of the Company; or

(d) 
make statements or representations, or otherwise communicate, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or take
any action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations, except as protected by paragraph 8
below.

The parties acknowledge that
the type and periods of restriction imposed in the provisions of this paragraph 7 are fair and reasonable and are reasonably required
for the protection of the Company and the goodwill associated with the business of the Company. If any of the covenants in paragraph 7,
or any part thereof, is hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable,
the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, which shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid
portions, and the invalid or unenforceable provision or provisions shall be modified so as to be enforceable and valid consistent with
the intent of the parties, to the fullest extent allowed by law. The Executive acknowledges that the Company conducts business world-wide.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be overly restrictive, a court of proper jurisdiction may alter such provision to provide
for the maximum protection of the Company deemed reasonable under applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive acknowledges
and agrees that all of the provisions in this paragraph 7 do not impose an undue hardship on him, are fair and reasonable to him under
the circumstances, and the Executive therefore waives any defense to the enforcement of the terms hereof on such grounds.

4

8. 
Protected Activity. Nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit the Executive from: (a) communicating directly
with, cooperating with, or providing information to, any government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission, or the U.S. National Labor Relations Commission; or (b) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace,
such as harassment or discrimination based on a protected characteristic or any other conduct that the Executive has reason to believe
is unlawful. Further, the Executive acknowledges that the Company has provided him with the following notice of immunity rights in compliance
with the requirements of the Defend Trade Secrets Act: (i) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal
or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official
or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, (ii) an individual shall not be held
criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal, and (iii) an individual who files a lawsuit
for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual
and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal;
and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

9. 
Equitable Relief. The parties acknowledge that each would suffer unique and irreparable injury in the event of a
breach of the covenants contained in paragraphs 6 and 7 of this Agreement, which breach could not be adequately compensated by the payment
of damages. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach by either party of the covenants contained
in paragraphs 6 and 7, the parties agree that this Agreement may be enforced by a decree of specific performance or an injunction, without
the need to post bond, in addition to all other relief available to the Company, including damages. The parties agree that an action to
enforce paragraphs 6 and/or 7 may be brought in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction.

10. 
Termination of Employment.

(a) 
Effective as of the Effective Date, the Executives employment hereunder shall be for a term (the Employment Period)
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Termination Date),
unless earlier terminated by either Party for any reason or no reason, for no additional compensation. If not previously terminated, effective
as of the Initial Termination Date (and on every anniversary of the Initial Termination Date thereafter), the Employment Period shall
be automatically extended by 12 months unless a party has previously provided the other party with written notice that it does not wish
to have the Employment Period so extended at least 60 days prior to the end of the then-current Employment Period. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the foregoing, the Executives employment hereunder is terminable at will by the Company or by the Executive
at any time (for any reason or for no reason), subject to the provisions of this paragraph 10.

(b) 
By the Executive. The Executive may terminate employment at any time with ninety (90) days written notice to the
Company (the Resignation Notice Period). The Company will pay the Executive all compensation and benefits earned
through the Resignation Notice Period. In addition, the Company may decide to pay the Executive for part or all of the Resignation Notice
Period in lieu of continuing to perform work on behalf of the Company. The Company will not pay the Executive any severance, nor any compensation
or benefits, after the Resignation Notice Period expires.

5

(c) 
Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment any time without Cause (as defined below) with
ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Executive (the Termination Notice Period). The Company will pay the
Executive all compensation and benefits earned through the Termination Notice Period. In addition, the Company may decide to pay the Executive
for part or all of the Termination Notice Period in lieu of continuing to perform work on behalf of the Company.

(d) 
With Cause. The Company may also terminate the Executives employment immediately without any further compensation
or other payments with Cause, which is defined to mean the occurrence of any of the following as determined in the
sole discretion of the Company:

(i) 
the Executive engages in conduct that materially impairs the Companys business operations or causes material damage to the
Companys customers, property, goodwill or business;

(ii) 
the Executive breaches any of the obligations contained in paragraph 2 of this Agreement in any respect, has been provided with
notice and 60 days to cure the breach, and has failed to cure (as determined by the Board in its sole discretion);

(iii) 
the Executive breaches his obligations contained in paragraphs 6 or 7 of this Agreement in any material respect;

(iv) 
the Executive engages in gross misconduct, including but not limited to, failure to perform the Executives duties or to
follow directives of the Chief Executive Officer and President or the Board;

(v) 
the Executive intentionally and willfully violates the Companys material written policies on workplace discrimination or
harassment in any manner that causes economic or reputational harm to the Company, as determined by an independent investigation conducted
under the direction of the Board;

(vi) 
the Executive commits theft, fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement in connection with the Companys business; or

(vii) 
the Executive is convicted of or has pleaded guilty or nolo contendere to a felony.

(e) 
Return of Company Property. The Executive shall return all property belonging to the Company (including, but not limited
to, any Company-provided laptops, vehicles, computers, cell phones, wireless electronic mail devices or other equipment, or documents
and property belonging to the Company) that are in his possession and control immediately upon his last day of employment.

(f) 
Termination of Offices and Directorships. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, unless otherwise
specified in a written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices,
directorships, and other employment positions if any, then held with the Company, and shall take all actions reasonably requested by the
Company to effectuate the foregoing.

6

11. 
Intellectual Property. In consideration of the Companys employment of
the Executive hereunder, the Executive acknowledges that any and all patents, licenses, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, assumed names,
service marks, promotional/marketing/advertising campaigns, designs, logos, slogans, computer software and other intellectual property
developed, conceived or created by the Executive in the course of his employment by the Company, either individually or in collaboration
with others, and whether or not during normal working hours or on the premises of the Company (collectively, Developments)
shall be, as between the Company and the Executive, the sole and absolute property of the Company,
and the Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign in the future (when any such Developments are first reduced to practice or first
fixed in a tangible medium, as applicable) to the Company all his right, title and interest in and to any and all Developments whether
or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes and agrees that he will, at the Companys request and cost,
take whatever action is necessary to secure the rights thereto by patent, copyright, assignment or otherwise to the Company. The Executive
agrees to make full and prompt disclosure to the Company of all such Developments arising during his employment. The Executive recognizes
that this Agreement will not be deemed to require assignment of any Developments that he developed entirely on his own time without using
the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secrets, or confidential information, except for those Developments that either
(i) relate to the Companys actual or anticipated business, research or development; or (ii) result from or are connected with work
performed by the Executive for the Company.

12. 
Dispute Resolution.

(a) 
Except as excluded below, any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to, or in connection with, this Agreement
or any breach, termination or validity thereof (a Dispute) shall
be finally settled by arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules &
Mediation Procedure of the American Arbitration Association (the Rules) in effect
at the time of the arbitration and available at https://www.adr.org/employment, except as they may be modified herein or by mutual agreement
of the parties. The seat of the arbitration shall be Delaware.

(b) 
The arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator in accordance with the appointment provisions set out in the Rules. The arbitration
award shall be in writing and shall be final and binding on the parties. The award may include an award of costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees and disbursements. Judgment upon award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof or having jurisdiction
over the parties or their assets.

(c) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the arbitration provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and
enforceable pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and, in all other respects, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the
state designated in paragraph 19, with the same statutes of limitation and available remedies that would apply if the claims were brought
in a court of law of competent jurisdiction. Either party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and
to enforce an arbitration award.

7

(d) 
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company and the Executive shall equally share all costs unique to arbitration,
including without limitation arbitration administrative fees, arbitrator compensation and expenses, and costs of any witnesses called
by the arbitrator. Unless otherwise ordered by the arbitrator under applicable law, the Company and the Executive shall each bear his,
her, their or its own expenses, such as expert witness fees, filing fees, and attorneys fees and costs. Nothing herein shall prevent
the Company or the Executive from seeking a statutory award of reasonable attorneys fees and costs.

(e) 
THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE EACH WAIVE HIS OR ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY COVERED CLAIM. THE EXECUTIVE WAIVES HIS RIGHT
TO BRING ANY COVERED CLAIM AS PART OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ACTION.

(f) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph 12 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose
of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate (including
to enforce the Companys rights in the event of a breach of paragraphs 6 or 7 above). Further, this arbitration agreement shall
not apply to any: (i) claims for unemployment and workers compensation benefits; (ii) sexual harassment and sexual assault disputes
arising under federal, state, local, or tribal law, unless the Executive elects to arbitrate such disputes; (iii) claims arising under
the National Labor Relations Act or which are brought before the National Labor Relations Board; (iv) claims brought before the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission or similar state or local agency, if Board is required to exhaust the Executives administrative
remedies; provided, that any appeal from an award or denial of an award by any such agency or any further action upon receipt of a right-to-sue
letter shall be arbitrated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and (v) any other claim, which by law cannot be subject to mandatory
arbitration.

13. 
Notices.

(a) 
Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the
party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other
party as herein provided, including via e-mail, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications
by the Executive to the Company shall be mailed, e-mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal
offices, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Executive may be given to the Executive personally or may be mailed or
e-mailed to the Executive at his last known street or e-mail address, as reflected in the Companys records.

(b) 
Any notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: (i) if delivered by hand, or sent by e-mail (and subject to an electronic
receipt or other proof of transmission thereof), on the date of such delivery or transmission; (ii)
if mailed by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing; and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified
mail, on the third business day after the date of such mailing.

14. 
Entire Agreement; No Amendment. As of the Effective Date, this Agreement, together with, the Plan, the RSU Award
Agreement and the PSU Award Agreement, contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations, written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof
including, without limitation, the Original Agreement, which is terminated and of no further force or effect, except with respect to any
non-conflicting restrictive covenants that the Executive may have separately agreed to, which shall continue in full force and effect
pursuant to their terms and read together with the covenants in this Agreement to provide maximum coverage to the Company. The terms of
this Agreement may not be amended or modified unless done so in writing and signed by the Company and the Executive.

8

15. 
Effect of Waiver. The failure of either party at any time to require performance by the other party of any provision
hereunder shall in no way affect the right of that party thereafter to enforce the same, nor shall it affect any other partys right
to enforce the same, or to enforce any of the other provisions in this Agreement; and the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision
of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

16. 
Assignment. The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all covenants
and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Company and its successors
or assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Executive.

17. 
No Conflict. The Executive represents and warrants that he is not subject to any agreement, instrument, order, judgment
or decree of any kind, or any other restrictive agreement of any character, which would prevent him from entering into this Agreement
or which would be breached by the Executive upon the performance of his duties pursuant to this Agreement. The Executive agrees not to
enter into any agreement or obligation, whether written or oral, in conflict with the terms or conditions of this Agreement.

18. 
Severability; Survival. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. The provisions of paragraphs 6 through and including 9, paragraphs
11 through and including 19, and paragraph 21 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

19. 
Governing Law. This Agreement is to be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

20. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and the counterparts
together constitute one and the same agreement, notwithstanding that all of the parties are not signatory to the original or the same
counterpart.

21. 
Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 409A) to the greatest extent possible, to comply with Section 409A to
the extent it is applicable and is to be interpreted and operated consistently with those intentions. All payments of nonqualified deferred
compensation subject to Section 409A to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon the Executives
separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this
Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no
compensation or benefits shall be paid to the Executive during the six-month period following the Executives separation
from service if the Company determines that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Agreement would be a prohibited
distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence,
then on the first day of the seventh month following the date of separation from service (or such earlier date upon which such amount
can be paid under Section 409A without resulting in a prohibited distribution, including as a result of the Executives death),
the Company shall pay the Executive a lump-sum amount equal to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been payable to the Executive
during such period.

9

22. 
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Company
and the Executive to express their mutual intent, and no rule of law or contract interpretation that provides that in
the case of ambiguity or uncertainty a provision should be construed against the draftsperson will
be applied against any party hereto. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according to their fair meaning and neither for
nor against any party hereto irrespective of which party caused such provisions to be drafted. Each of the Company and the Executive acknowledges
that it or he has been represented by an attorney or advised to seek the advice of an attorney in connection with the preparation and
execution of this Agreement.

23. 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company determines, in its good
faith judgment, that any transfer or deemed transfer of funds hereunder is likely to be construed as a personal loan prohibited by Section
13(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, then such transfer or
deemed transfer shall be provided to the Executive as compensation (and not as a loan) to the Executive (and as such shall be subject
to tax withholding obligations).

24. 
Withholding. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local or
foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

25. 
At-will Employment. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Executive shall be employed
on an at-will basis and the Executives employment may be terminated by the Executive or the Company at any time.

[Signature
page follows]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

INFRARED CAMERAS, INC.

By: /s/ Stuart V. Flavin III 

Stuart V. Flavin III

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President

Dated: 2-7-2025 

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Stuart V. Flavin III

Stuart V. Flavin III

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President

Dated: 2-7-2025 

PETER BAIRD 

/s/ Peter Baird

Dated: 2-7-2025 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm256120d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into among MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(formerly known as Infrared Cameras, Holdings, Inc., the Company), Infrared Cameras, Inc., a Texas Corporation (ICI)
and Robert Nadolny (the Executive) and sets out the general terms of the Executives employment, duties, and
compensation.

WHEREAS, the Company, ICI
and the Executive previously entered into that certain Offer Letter Agreement, by and between the Company and the Executive, effective
as of July 14, 2024 (the Original Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to continue to retain the services and employment of the Executive, and the Executive desires to continue to provide his services to and
be employed by the Company, in each case upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are mutually acknowledged, the Company, ICI and the Executive agree as follows:

1. 
Effective Date. This Agreement is effective as of February 5, 2025 (the Effective Date) and
continues until terminated pursuant to paragraph 10.

2. 
Duties.

(a) 
The Executive will act as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (CFO). The Executive shall
have responsibility for the Companys financial and accounting operations, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and President.
The Executives duties and responsibilities will include (i) financial planning and analysis; (ii) business development support;
(iii) oversight of tax function and investor relations; (iv) treasury management; and (v) oversight of the internal audit function. The
Executive will perform such other duties and responsibilities as are commensurate with the title and position of CFO, including those
that are necessary or appropriate for the financial operation and management of the Company as determined by the Company, and may include
regulatory and compliance, human resources and information technology.

(b) 
The Executive agrees to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of the Executives ability and to devote his full business
time, attention and efforts to the Companys operations during his employment. During his employment, the Executive will (i) work
with other employees, independent contractors, vendors, service providers and clients of the Company,
as applicable, and its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates controlled by the Company in a respectful,
competent and professional manner; and (ii) carry out his duties and responsibilities hereunder in a competent and professional manner.

(c) 
The Executive agrees to comply with and be bound by such employment-related policies and practices
as the Company implements, including all employee, ethical and client conflict-of-interest policies, as such policies may be interpreted,
adopted, revised or terminated from time to time in the Companys sole discretion. Such policies
may or may not be in writing and may be communicated either in writing, verbally and/or via electronic means (i.e., email).

1

3. 
Compensation. During the term of the Executives employment under this Agreement, the Executive will be compensated
as follows:

(a) 
Base Salary. The Executives annualized base salary shall be $250,000.00 (the Base
Salary), which Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company general payroll practices, including those related
to withholding for taxes, insurance and similar items. The Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Companys board
of directors (the Board) or a subcommittee therefore, and may be adjusted from time to time by the Board or such
subcommittee in its sole discretion.

(b) 
Annual Bonus. The Executive shall also be eligible for an annual bonus with a target equal to 50% of Base Salary (the Target
Bonus) and payout ranges of between 0% and 100% of the Target Bonus, based upon achievement of performance targets, as set
and determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its sole discretion. To be eligible for the annual bonus, the Executive
must be employed by the Company on the date the bonus is paid.

(c) 
Spot Bonus. In recognition of the Executives performance in 2024 with respect to reducing Company costs, as soon
as reasonably practicable following the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall pay the Executive a one-time cash spot bonus in
the amount of $20,000.00, subject to all applicable withholdings and deductions.

(d) 
Equity Grant. Under the MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 2023 Incentive Award Plan (the
Plan), the Company will grant the Executive a restricted stock unit award (the RSU Award) and
a performance stock unit award (the PSU Award), each pursuant to the Plan and with a grant date as of February 5,
2025. The number of restricted stock units (RSUs) underlying the RSU Award shall be equal to 48,076 shares and will
be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Grant Notice attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the RSU Award Agreement). The number of performance stock units underlying the PSU Award shall be equal to
48,076 shares and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement and Grant Notice
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the PSU Award Agreement).

(e) 
Amendment to Prior Equity Grant. The Executive and the Company agree to amend the vesting schedule of the RSUs that were
granted by the Company to the Executive under the Plan on August 26, 2024 (the 2024 Award), such that notwithstanding
anything in the 2024 Award Agreement or Grant Notice to the contrary, (i) 25% of the total RSUs underlying the 2024 Award will be deemed
to be vested as of the Grant Date, and (ii) an additional 25% of the total RSUs underlying the 2024 Award will vest on each of January
1, 2026, January 1, 2027 and January 1, 2028, subject to Section 3(f) of this Agreement and otherwise to the terms and conditions of the
Plan, the 2024 Award Agreement and Grant Notice.

2

(f) 
Acceleration of Equity Vesting. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement to the contrary,
(i) if the Executives employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in Section 10(d) of this
Agreement) or (ii) the Executive resigns with Good Reason (as defined below), the RSU Award, the PSU Award and the 2024 Award shall each
vest in full as of the date of the termination of the Executives employment. Good Reason
shall mean any of the following, without the Executives consent: (A) a material diminution in the Executives duties, title,
or authority; (B) a material breach by the Company of a material provision of this Agreement; or (C) the Company requiring the Executive
to relocate his primary work location to a location more than fifty (50) miles from his then current work location; provided that, in
each case, the Company shall have been given written notice from the Executive describing in reasonable detail the occurrence of the event
or circumstance for which the Executive believes the Executive may resign for Good Reason within twenty-one (21) days of the first occurrence
thereof, the Company shall not have cured such event or circumstance within thirty (30) days after the Companys receipt of such
notice and the Executive terminates employment within ten (10) days after the end of the Companys thirty (30)-day cure period.

4. 
Benefits. During the term of the Executives employment under this Agreement, the Company will provide the
Executive with the following benefits:

(a) 
Vacation. The Executive will be eligible for paid vacation in accordance with the Companys vacation policy, as in
effect from time to time.

(b) 
Professional Development. The Company will reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred with respect to maintaining
any licenses held or professional development subject to approval by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and President in advance
of the Executive incurring such expenses.

(c) 
Additional Benefits. The Executive will be eligible to participate in and receive the
standard benefits provided to all Company employees including, but not limited to, coverage under
its group health insurance plan, pursuant to the terms of such plans and programs. The Company provides no assurance as to the adoption
or continuance of any particular benefit plan or program.

5. 
Business Expenses. The Company will reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred in the performance
of his duties under this Agreement upon presenting to the Company appropriate monthly expense reports with supporting documentation substantiating
such expenses, in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time.

3

6. 
Nondisclosure and Protection of Proprietary Information.

(a) 
The Executive acknowledges that he will have access to the Companys Proprietary and Trade Secret Information, as defined
below. Both during employment with the Company and at all times after such employment ends, the Executive covenants to hold in the strictest
confidence and not use or disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity any of the Companys Proprietary and Trade Secret
Information, except as such disclosure may be required (i) in connection with the Executives work for the Company, (ii) as expressly
authorized by Company policies in effect from time to time, or (iii) except as protected by paragraph 8 below. The Executive understands
that this non-disclosure obligation continues indefinitely after the termination of this Agreement.

(b) 
For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Proprietary and Trade Secret Information shall mean any and all
Company confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information of the Company, its affiliates, parents and subsidiaries, whether
having existed, now existing, or to be developed during the employment period, including, but not limited to: (i) information regarding
new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, prices and costs, margins, discounts,
credit terms, pricing and billing policies, quoting procedures, methods of obtaining business, contracts, forecasts, future plans and
potential strategies, financial projections and business strategies, operational plans, financing and capital-raising plans, activities
and agreements, internal services and operational manuals, methods of conducting Company business, suppliers and supplier information,
and purchasing; (ii) information regarding clients and potential clients of the Company; (iii) information regarding any of the Companys
business partners and their services, including names, representatives, proposals, bids, contracts and their contents and parties, the
type and quantity of products and services received by the Company, and other non-public information
relating to business partners; (iv) information regarding personnel, employee lists, compensation, and employee skills; and (v) any other
non-public information which a competitor of the Company could use to the competitive disadvantage of the Company. The term Proprietary
and Trade Secret Information shall not include information that the Executive acquired from a third party without a duty of confidentiality
or that is or becomes readily ascertainable to the public, in each case through lawful means and through no breach of this Agreement or
any other agreement.

7. 
Noncompetition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disparagement. While this Agreement is in
effect, and during the Executives employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of the
Executives employment for any reason (or, with respect to subclause (d), at all times thereafter), the Executive covenants not
to:

(a) 
engage in, own, or have any interest in, whether alone or together with or on behalf of or through any other person or entity,
whether as a sole proprietor, partner, shareholder, agent, officer, director, employee, advisor, consultant, trustee, beneficiary or otherwise,
in any business or organization which competes in the same field with the Company, which is the development, manufacture, sales, service
and deployment of infrared (thermal) cameras and systems, including training in the use of such cameras and systems and software used
therein, and/or other business the Company may engage in during the Executives employment with
the Company, or may have taken material steps toward engaging in as of the termination of such employment, anywhere in the world; or

4

(b) 
solicit or attempt to hire, influence, or otherwise direct any employee, consultant, contractor, or other service provider of the
Company or its affiliates to leave or reduce their employment or engagement; or

(c) 
persuade or attempt to persuade or otherwise induce any other person or entity which has a business relationship or planned relationship
with the Company at any time during the Executives employment, and had a business relationship with the Company within the two-year
period prior to any such persuasion, interference or other action prohibited by this paragraph, to discontinue, reduce or adversely modify
such business relationship with the Company, or otherwise attempt to interfere with such business
relationship of the Company; or

(d) 
make statements or representations, or otherwise communicate, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or take
any action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations, except as protected by paragraph 8
below.

The parties acknowledge that
the type and periods of restriction imposed in the provisions of this paragraph 7 are fair and reasonable and are reasonably required
for the protection of the Company and the goodwill associated with the business of the Company. If any of the covenants in paragraph 7,
or any part thereof, is hereafter construed to be invalid or unenforceable,
the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, which shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid
portions, and the invalid or unenforceable provision or provisions shall be modified so as to be enforceable and valid consistent with
the intent of the parties, to the fullest extent allowed by law. The Executive acknowledges that the Company conducts business world-wide.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be overly restrictive, a court of proper jurisdiction may alter such provision to provide
for the maximum protection of the Company deemed reasonable under applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive acknowledges
and agrees that all of the provisions in this paragraph 7 do not impose an undue hardship on him, are fair and reasonable to him under
the circumstances, and the Executive therefore waives any defense to the enforcement of the terms hereof on such grounds.

8. 
Protected Activity. Nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit the Executive from: (a) communicating directly
with, cooperating with, or providing information to, any government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission, or the U.S. National Labor Relations Commission; or (b) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace,
such as harassment or discrimination based on a protected characteristic or any other conduct that the Executive has reason to believe
is unlawful. Further, the Executive acknowledges that the Company has provided him with the following notice of immunity rights in compliance
with the requirements of the Defend Trade Secrets Act: (i) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal
or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official
or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, (ii) an individual shall not be held
criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal, and (iii) an individual who files a lawsuit
for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual
and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal;
and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

5

9. 
Equitable Relief. The parties acknowledge that each would suffer unique and irreparable injury in the event of a
breach of the covenants contained in paragraphs 6 and 7 of this Agreement, which breach could not be adequately compensated by the payment
of damages. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach by either party of the covenants contained
in paragraphs 6 and 7, the parties agree that this Agreement may be enforced by a decree of specific performance or an injunction, without
the need to post bond, in addition to all other relief available to the Company, including damages. The parties agree that an action to
enforce paragraphs 6 and/or 7 may be brought in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction.

10. 
Termination of Employment.

(a) 
Effective as of the Effective Date, the Executives employment hereunder shall be for a term (the Employment Period)
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Termination Date),
unless earlier terminated by either Party for any reason or no reason, for no additional compensation. If not previously terminated, effective
as of the Initial Termination Date (and on every anniversary of the Initial Termination Date thereafter), the Employment Period shall
be automatically extended by 12 months unless a party has previously provided the other party with written notice that it does not wish
to have the Employment Period so extended at least 60 days prior to the end of the then-current Employment Period. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the foregoing, the Executives employment hereunder is terminable at will by the Company or by the Executive
at any time (for any reason or for no reason), subject to the provisions of this paragraph 10.

(b) 
By the Executive. The Executive may terminate employment at any time with ninety (90) days written notice to the
Company (the Resignation Notice Period). The Company will pay the Executive all compensation and benefits earned
through the Resignation Notice Period. In addition, the Company may decide to pay the Executive for part or all of the Resignation Notice
Period in lieu of continuing to perform work on behalf of the Company. Except as provided in Section 3(f) of this Agreement, the Company
will not pay the Executive any severance, nor any compensation or benefits, after the Resignation Notice Period expires.

(c) 
Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment any time without Cause (as defined below) with
ninety (90) days prior written notice to the Executive (the Termination Notice Period). The Company will pay the
Executive all compensation and benefits earned through the Termination Notice Period. In addition, the Company may decide to pay the Executive
for part or all of the Termination Notice Period in lieu of continuing to perform work on behalf of the Company.

6

(d) 
With Cause. The Company may also terminate the Executives employment immediately without any further compensation
or other payments with Cause, which is defined to mean the occurrence of any of the following as determined in the
sole discretion of the Company:

(i) 
the Executive engages in conduct that materially impairs the Companys business operations or causes material damage to the
Companys customers, property, goodwill or business;

(ii) 
the Executive breaches any of the obligations contained in paragraph 2 of this Agreement in any respect, has been provided with
notice and 60 days to cure the breach, and has failed to cure (as determined by the Board in its sole discretion);

(iii) 
the Executive breaches his obligations contained in paragraphs 6 or 7 of this Agreement in any material respect;

(iv) 
the Executive engages in gross misconduct, including but not limited to, failure to perform the Executives duties or to
follow directives of the Chief Executive Officer and President or the Board;

(v) 
the Executive intentionally and willfully violates the Companys material written policies on workplace discrimination or
harassment in any manner that causes economic or reputational harm to the Company, as determined by an independent investigation conducted
under the direction of the Board;

(vi) 
the Executive commits theft, fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement in connection with the Companys business; or

(vii) 
the Executive is convicted of or has pleaded guilty or nolo contendere to a felony.

(e) 
Return of Company Property. The Executive shall return all property belonging to the Company (including, but not limited
to, any Company-provided laptops, vehicles, computers, cell phones, wireless electronic mail devices or other equipment, or documents
and property belonging to the Company) that are in his possession and control immediately upon his last day of employment.

(f) 
Termination of Offices and Directorships. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, unless otherwise
specified in a written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices,
directorships, and other employment positions if any, then held with the Company, and shall take all actions reasonably requested by the
Company to effectuate the foregoing.

11. 
Intellectual Property. In consideration of the Companys employment of
the Executive hereunder, the Executive acknowledges that any and all patents, licenses, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, assumed names,
service marks, promotional/marketing/advertising campaigns, designs, logos, slogans, computer software and other intellectual property
developed, conceived or created by the Executive in the course of his employment by the Company, either individually or in collaboration
with others, and whether or not during normal working hours or on the premises of the Company (collectively, Developments)
shall be, as between the Company and the Executive, the sole and absolute property of the Company,
and the Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign in the future (when any such Developments are first reduced to practice or first
fixed in a tangible medium, as applicable) to the Company all his right, title and interest in and to any and all Developments whether
or not patentable or registrable under copyright or similar statutes and agrees that he will, at the Companys request and cost,
take whatever action is necessary to secure the rights thereto by patent, copyright, assignment or otherwise to the Company. The Executive
agrees to make full and prompt disclosure to the Company of all such Developments arising during his employment. The Executive recognizes
that this Agreement will not be deemed to require assignment of any Developments that he developed entirely on his own time without using
the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, trade secrets, or confidential information, except for those Developments that either
(i) relate to the Companys actual or anticipated business, research or development; or (ii) result from or are connected with work
performed by the Executive for the Company.

7

12. 
Dispute Resolution.

(a) 
Except as excluded below, any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to, or in connection with, this Agreement
or any breach, termination or validity thereof (a Dispute) shall
be finally settled by arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules &
Mediation Procedure of the American Arbitration Association (the Rules) in effect
at the time of the arbitration and available at https://www.adr.org/employment, except as they may be modified herein or by mutual agreement
of the parties. The seat of the arbitration shall be Delaware.

(b) 
The arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator in accordance with the appointment provisions set out in the Rules. The arbitration
award shall be in writing and shall be final and binding on the parties. The award may include an award of costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees and disbursements. Judgment upon award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof or having jurisdiction
over the parties or their assets.

(c) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the arbitration provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and
enforceable pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and, in all other respects, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the
state designated in paragraph 19, with the same statutes of limitation and available remedies that would apply if the claims were brought
in a court of law of competent jurisdiction. Either party may bring an action in court to compel arbitration under this Agreement and
to enforce an arbitration award.

(d) 
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company and the Executive shall equally share all costs unique to arbitration,
including without limitation arbitration administrative fees, arbitrator compensation and expenses, and costs of any witnesses called
by the arbitrator. Unless otherwise ordered by the arbitrator under applicable law, the Company and the Executive shall each bear his,
her, their or its own expenses, such as expert witness fees, filing fees, and attorneys fees and costs. Nothing herein shall prevent
the Company or the Executive from seeking a statutory award of reasonable attorneys fees and costs.

8

(e) 
THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE EACH WAIVE HIS OR ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY COVERED CLAIM. THE EXECUTIVE WAIVES HIS RIGHT
TO BRING ANY COVERED CLAIM AS PART OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ACTION.

(f) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph 12 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose
of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate (including
to enforce the Companys rights in the event of a breach of paragraphs 6 or 7 above). Further, this arbitration agreement shall
not apply to any: (i) claims for unemployment and workers compensation benefits; (ii) sexual harassment and sexual assault disputes
arising under federal, state, local, or tribal law, unless the Executive elects to arbitrate such disputes; (iii) claims arising under
the National Labor Relations Act or which are brought before the National Labor Relations Board; (iv) claims brought before the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission or similar state or local agency, if Board is required to exhaust the Executives administrative
remedies; provided, that any appeal from an award or denial of an award by any such agency or any further action upon receipt of a right-to-sue
letter shall be arbitrated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and (v) any other claim, which by law cannot be subject to mandatory
arbitration.

13. 
Notices.

(a) 
Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered to the
party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other
party as herein provided, including via e-mail, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications
by the Executive to the Company shall be mailed, e-mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal
offices, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Executive may be given to the Executive personally or may be mailed or
e-mailed to the Executive at his last known street or e-mail address, as reflected in the Companys records.

(b) 
Any notice so addressed shall be deemed to be given: (i) if delivered by hand, or sent by e-mail (and subject to an electronic
receipt or other proof of transmission thereof), on the date of such delivery or transmission; (ii)
if mailed by overnight mail, on the first business day following the date of such mailing; and (iii) if mailed by registered or certified
mail, on the third business day after the date of such mailing.

14. 
Entire Agreement; No Amendment. As of the Effective Date, this Agreement, together with the Plan, the RSU Award Agreement,
the PSU Award Agreement, and the 2024 Award, contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations, written or oral, relating to the subject matter
hereof including, without limitation, the Original Agreement, which is terminated and of no further force or effect, except with respect
to any non-conflicting restrictive covenants that the Executive may have separately agreed to, which shall continue in full force and
effect pursuant to their terms and read together with the covenants in this Agreement to provide maximum coverage to the Company. The
terms of this Agreement may not be amended or modified unless done so in writing and signed by the Company and the Executive.

9

15. 
Effect of Waiver. The failure of either party at any time to require performance by the other party of any provision
hereunder shall in no way affect the right of that party thereafter to enforce the same, nor shall it affect any other partys right
to enforce the same, or to enforce any of the other provisions in this Agreement; and the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision
of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof.

16. 
Assignment. The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all covenants
and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Company and its successors
or assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Executive.

17. 
No Conflict. The Executive represents and warrants that he is not subject to any agreement, instrument, order, judgment
or decree of any kind, or any other restrictive agreement of any character, which would prevent him from entering into this Agreement
or which would be breached by the Executive upon the performance of his duties pursuant to this Agreement. The Executive agrees not to
enter into any agreement or obligation, whether written or oral, in conflict with the terms or conditions of this Agreement.

18. 
Severability; Survival. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. The provisions of paragraphs 6 through and including 9, paragraphs
11 through and including 19, and paragraph 21 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

19. 
Governing Law. This Agreement is to be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

20. 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and the counterparts
together constitute one and the same agreement, notwithstanding that all of the parties are not signatory to the original or the same
counterpart.

21. 
Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 409A) to the greatest extent possible, to comply with Section 409A to
the extent it is applicable and is to be interpreted and operated consistently with those intentions. All payments of nonqualified deferred
compensation subject to Section 409A to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon the Executives
separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this
Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no
compensation or benefits shall be paid to the Executive during the six-month period following the Executives separation
from service if the Company determines that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in this Agreement would be a prohibited
distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code. If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence,
then on the first day of the seventh month following the date of separation from service (or such earlier date upon which such amount
can be paid under Section 409A without resulting in a prohibited distribution, including as a result of the Executives death),
the Company shall pay the Executive a lump-sum amount equal to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been payable to the Executive
during such period.

10

22. 
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Company
and the Executive to express their mutual intent, and no rule of law or contract interpretation that provides that in
the case of ambiguity or uncertainty a provision should be construed against the draftsperson will
be applied against any party hereto. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according to their fair meaning and neither for
nor against any party hereto irrespective of which party caused such provisions to be drafted. Each of the Company and the Executive acknowledges
that it or he has been represented by an attorney or advised to seek the advice of an attorney in connection with the preparation and
execution of this Agreement.

23. 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company determines, in its good
faith judgment, that any transfer or deemed transfer of funds hereunder is likely to be construed as a personal loan prohibited by Section
13(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, then such transfer or
deemed transfer shall be provided to the Executive as compensation (and not as a loan) to the Executive (and as such shall be subject
to tax withholding obligations).

24. 
Withholding. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local or
foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

25. At-will
Employment. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Executive shall be employed on an at-will
basis and the Executives employment may be terminated by the Executive or the Company at any time.

[Signature
page follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

INFRARED CAMERAS, INC.

By: /s/ Stuart V. Flavin III

Stuart V. Flavin III

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President

Dated: 2-7-2025

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Stuart V. Flavin III

Stuart V. Flavin III

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President

Dated: 2-7-2025

ROBERT NADOLNY

/s/ Robert Nadolny

Dated: 2-7-2025

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm256120d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

MSAI Letterhead

February 5, 2025

Stuart V. Flavin, III

Interim CEO and Interim President

Email: tripflavin@gmail.com

Re: Compensation Summary

Dear Mr. Flavin:

Please let this letter confirm the understanding
between MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and you regarding your compensation in your
position as Interim CEO and Interim President of the Company.

So long as you remain Interim CEO and Interim President
of the Company, you shall be compensated for your duties and responsibilities with the Company, as follows:

Base Salary: $300,000 annualized base salary.

Target Annual Bonus: 

Target Bonus equal to 100% of Base Salary with payout ranges of between
0% and 200% of Target Bonus based on achievement of performance targets as set by the Compensation Committee of the Companys board
of directors.

If your employment with the Company terminates prior to December 31,
2025, you will be paid a prorated portion of the Target Bonus based on the number of days worked for the Company during 2025 and the actual
achievement of performance targets as determined following the end of 2025. Payment of the prorated bonus (if any) will be paid at the
time bonuses are paid to other officers of the Company.

Equity Grant: Under the MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 2023 Incentive Award Plan (the Plan), the Company will grant you 67,300 restricted stock units (the RSU Award) with a grant date as of February 5, 2025 and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Grant Notice attached hereto as Exhibit A.

2024 Bonus: You will be paid a cash bonus for your 2024 performance equal to $75,000 within 30 days of the signing of this contract. 

Benefits: Not eligible for vacation, health care or any other health and welfare benefits.

Other: The Company will purchase for you (or reimburse you for the cost of) a Macbook Pro M4 Max and Apple Display monitor, plus accessories (approximate cost of $6,000, the IT Equipment). You shall be entitled to retain the IT Equipment for your personal use following termination of your employment with the Company.

All amounts paid
pursuant to this letter shall subject be to all applicable tax withholdings and deductions. This letter, the Plan, and the RSU
Award Agreement constitutes the full understanding between the Company and you regarding your compensation with the Company.

This letter and your response are not meant to
constitute a contract for employment for any period of time, and you will remain at all times an employee at-will. This letter may be
executed in separate counterparts. When both counterparts are signed, they shall be treated together as one and the same document. Electronic,
pdf. and DocuSign signatures shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as originals.

Please acknowledge your concurrence with the foregoing
by countersigning in the space provided hereinbelow and returning a copy to my attention.

Sincerely,

MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 

By: /s/ David Gow 

Title: Chairman of the Board 

Dated: 2-7-2025 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED BY: 

/s/ Stuart V. Flavin III 

Stuart V. Flavin III 

Dated: 2-7-2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>msai-20241126.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>msai-20241126_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>msai-20241126_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock 0. 0001 Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Warrants To Purchase Common Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>msai-20241126_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Nov. 26, 2024

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Nov. 26, 2024

Entity File Number 001-40916

Entity Registrant Name MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001863990

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3938682

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2105 West Cardinal Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Beaumont

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77705

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 861-0788

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock 0. 0001 Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol MSAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants To Purchase Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants
to purchase common stock

Trading Symbol MSAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MSAI_CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=MSAI_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://infraredcameras.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

msai-20241126.xsd 
msai-20241126_def.xml 
msai-20241126_lab.xml 
msai-20241126_pre.xml 
tm256120d1_8ka.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-011560-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm256120d1_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001863990 

2024-11-26 
2024-11-26 

0001863990 

MSAI:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2024-11-26 
2024-11-26 

0001863990 

MSAI:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember 

2024-11-26 
2024-11-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001863990 
8-K/A 
8-K/A 
2024-11-26 
MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 
MultiSensor AI Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
DE 
001-40916 
001-40916 
86-3938682 
86-3938682 
2105 West Cardinal Drive 
Beaumont 
TX 
77705 
866 
861-0788 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
MSAI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase common stock 
MSAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
true 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>