<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005013.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005013.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205161521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250201
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847986
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				851873463
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40730
		FILM NUMBER:		25593479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12915 OLD VIRGINIA ROAD
		CITY:			RENO,
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 622-3448

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12915 OLD VIRGINIA ROAD
		CITY:			RENO,
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210225
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000184798600018479862025-02-012025-02-010001847986DFLI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-012025-02-010001847986DFLI:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForCommonStockMember2025-02-012025-02-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 1, 2025

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-40730 85-1873463

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

12915
Old Virginia Road

Reno,
Nevada 

89521

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (775)622-3448

1190
Trademark Drive #108

Reno,
Nevada89521

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share DFLI The Nasdaq Capital Market

Redeemable warrants, exercisable
for common stock DFLIW The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Chief
Operating Officer Appointment

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp. (the Company) has appointed Dr. Vickram Singh, the Companys current Senior Vice President
of Technology, as the Companys Chief Operating Officer pursuant to an employment agreement. Dr. Singhs employment
as the Companys Chief Operating Officer commenced on February 4, 2025.

Dr.
Singh, age 31, has served as the Companys Senior Vice President of Technology from January 2024 to February 2025. Previously,
Dr. Singh served as the Companys Director of Research and Development from April 2022 to January 2024 and as the Senior Research
and Development Scientist from April 2021 to April 2022 and Research and Development Scientist from April 2020 to April 2021 for Dragonfly
Energy Corp., the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary. From August 2019 to February 2020, Dr. Singh was a Postdoctoral Research Fellow
at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratorys Center for Global Security Research. Dr. Singh also served as a Nuclear Regulatory
Commission Fellow at the University of Nevada, Reno where he received a Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering. He also holds a B.S.
in Chemical Engineering from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between Dr. Singh and any other persons pursuant to which Dr. Singh was selected as an officer
of the Company, Dr. Singh has no family relationships with any of the Companys directors or executive officers, and Dr. Singh
is not a party to and does not have any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction requiring disclosure under Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Employment
Agreement

In
connection with Dr. Singhs appointment as Chief Operating Officer, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Singh
(the Employment Agreement), dated February 1, 2025, as well as a Restrictive Covenants Agreement (the Covenants
Agreement), the form of which is attached as Exhibit A to the Employment Agreement. The Employment agreement provides
for a three-year initial employment term, with automatic three-year renewal terms thereafter, subject to 90 days notice of nonrenewal
by either party. The Employment Agreement also provides for an initial annual base salary of $350,000 (the Base Salary)
and a discretionary annual bonus of up to 65% of the Base Salary. Each fiscal year, Dr. Singh is also eligible to receive a long-term
incentive award payable in the form of cash and/or equity awards, with a target grant date value of $550,000 in the discretion of the
Companys Compensation Committee. Under the Covenants Agreement, Dr. Singh is bound by an indefinite confidentiality obligation,
a non-competition covenant during employment and for 12 months post-termination, assignment of intellectual property, and a non-solicitation
covenant with respect to Company personnel and business partners during employment and for 12 months post-termination.

If
Dr. Singhs is terminated by the Company without cause or by Dr. Singh for good reason (as such terms
are defined in the Employment Agreement) and other than a termination in connection with a change in control as described below, Dr.
Singh would be entitled to receive (i) cash severance equal to the Base Salary, payable in installments over two years following the
termination date, (ii) reimbursement of monthly COBRA premiums for Dr. Singh and his dependents for up to 12 months, and (iii) vesting
in full of any time-based equity awards granted by the Company to Dr. Singh (with any performance-based awards to remain eligible to
vest following termination if the applicable performance conditions are satisfied).

If,
during the period commencing three months before a change in control of the Company and ending 12 months after a change in control, Dr.
Singhs employment is terminated by the Company without cause (or as a result of the Companys not renewing the term of the
agreement) or by Dr. Singh for good reason, Dr. Singh would be entitled to receive the severance benefits described in the preceding
paragraph (except that the cash severance would be 1.5 times the Base Salary and the severance would be payable in a lump sum rather
than installments). In addition, Dr. Singhs outstanding option awards granted by the Company would fully vest and be exercisable
for the remainder of the term of the options. In the event any of Dr. Singhs benefits under the Employment Agreement would be
subject to an excise tax as a parachute payment under U.S. tax laws, Dr. Singh would be entitled to an additional payment
equal to the sum of the excise tax and any additional amount necessary to put him in the same after-tax position as if no excise tax
has been imposed. Dr. Singhs right to receive the severance benefits described above is subject to his providing a release of
claims to the Company and his continued compliance with the restrictive covenants in favor of the Company in the Employment Agreement,
including Exhibit A thereto.

The
foregoing description of the Employment Agreement, including Exhibit A thereto, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement by and between Vickram Singh and Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp, dated February 1, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Signature

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

Dated: February 5, 2025 By: /s/ Denis
Phares 

Name: Denis Phares

Title: Chief
Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 1, 2025, by and between Vickram Singh (the
Executive) and Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Term. Subject to Section 5 of this Agreement, the Executives initial term of employment hereunder shall be from the period
beginning on February 4, 2025 (the Effective Date) for a period of three years. (the Initial Term). Thereafter,
the Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended, upon the same terms and conditions, for successive periods of three years,
unless either party provides written notice of its intention not to extend the term at least 90 days prior to the end of the Initial
Term or extension thereof. The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the
Employment Term.

2.
Position and Duties.

2.1
Position. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, reporting to the
Chief Executive Officer. In such position, the Executive shall have such duties, authority, and responsibilities as are consistent with
the Executives position.

2.2
Duties. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote substantially all of the Executives business time and attention
to the performance of the Executives duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation for
compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without
the prior written consent of the Board.

3.
Place of Performance. The principal place of Executives employment shall be the Companys principal executive office
currently located in Reno, Nevada; provided that, the Executive may be required to travel on Company business during the Employment Term.
The Executive may work remotely from the Executives residence in Reno, Nevada so long as doing so does not interfere with the
Executives responsibilities under this Agreement; provided, that, subject to any health or safety concerns related to the COVID-19
pandemic or other similar extraordinary circumstances, the Executive shall be required to spend on average 16 days per month in the office.

4.
Compensation.

4.1
Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $350,000 in periodic installments in accordance
with the Companys customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executives
base salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Board and the Board may increase but not decrease the Executives base salary
during the Employment Term. The Executives annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as Base
Salary.

4.2
Annual Bonus.

(a)
For each fiscal year of the Employment Term, the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus)
of up to 65% of the Executives base annual salary. The decision to provide any Annual Bonus and the amount and terms of any Annual
Bonus shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee).

(b)
The Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid within two and a half (2 1/2) months after the end of the applicable fiscal year.

(c)
Except as otherwise provided in Section 5, in order to be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus, the Executive must be employed by the
Company on the date that Annual Bonuses are paid.

4.3
Long-Term Incentive Awards. With respect to each fiscal year of the Company ending during the Employment Term, the Executive shall
be eligible to receive, subject to such performance, service and other conditions as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate each
fiscal year, a long-term incentive award (each an LTI Award) payable in the form of cash and/or equity awards, as
determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. The target grant date value of each such LTI Award shall be $550,000,
but such LTI Awards shall be subject to adjustment, upward or downward, in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. To the
extent that an LTI Award is paid in the form of an equity award (which may include stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock
units or any other form of equity-based award authorized under the Companys 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (or any successor plan)
(the Company Equity Plan), such equity awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of such Company Equity
Plan and such other terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion may establish. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, to be eligible for an LTI Award for a fiscal year, the Executive must be employed by the Company on
the date the LTI Award is paid (if paid in cash) or the date an equity award is granted (to the extent the LTI Award is payable in the
form of an equity award).

4.4
Fringe Benefits and Perquisites. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits and perquisites
consistent with those provided to similarly situated executives of the Company.

4.5
Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices,
and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans), on a basis
which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company, to the extent consistent with applicable
law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any Employee Benefit
Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law.

4.6
Vacation; Paid Time Off. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to twenty (20) paid vacation days per calendar
year (prorated for partial years) in accordance with the Companys vacation policies, as in effect from time to time. The Executive
shall receive other paid time off in accordance with the Companys policies for executive officers as such policies may exist from
time to time and as required by applicable law.

4.7
Business Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment,
and travel expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executives duties hereunder in accordance
with the Companys expense reimbursement policies and procedures.

4.8
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless to the maximum extent permitted under applicable
law and the Companys bylaws for acts and omissions in the Executives capacity as an officer, director, or employee of the
Company.

4.9
Clawback Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation
paid to the Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which is subject to recovery under
any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required
to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant
to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement).

5.
Termination of Employment. The Employment Term and the Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either the
Company or the Executive at any time and for any reason or for no particular reason; provided that, unless otherwise provided herein,
either party shall be required to give the other party at least 30 days advance written notice of any termination of the Executives
employment. Upon termination of the Executives employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation
and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company
or any of its affiliates.

5.1
Expiration of the Term, For Cause, or Without Good Reason.

(a)
The Executives employment hereunder may be terminated upon either partys failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with
Section 1, by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason and the Executive shall be entitled to receive:

(i)
any accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused paid time off which shall be paid on the pay date immediately following the
date of the Executives termination in accordance with the Companys customary payroll procedures;

(ii)
reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance
with the Companys expense reimbursement policy; and

(iii)
such employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, to which the Executive may be entitled under the Companys employee
benefit plans as of the date of the Executives termination; provided that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled to any
payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein.

Items
5.1(a)(i) through 5.1(a)(iii) are referred to herein collectively as the Accrued Amounts.

(b)
For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i)
the Executives willful failure to perform the Executives duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity
due to physical or mental illness);

(ii)
the Executives willful failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. Board of Directors;

(iii)
the Executives willful engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, or gross misconduct, which is, in each case, materially injurious
to the Company or its affiliates;

(iv)
the Executives embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Executives employment with the Company;

(v)
the Executives conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent)
or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;

(vi)
the Executives material violation of the Companys written policies or codes of conduct, including written policies related
to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, and ethical misconduct;

(vii)
the Executives material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive
and the Company; or

(viii)
the Executives engagement in conduct that brings the Company negative publicity or into public disgrace, embarrassment, or disrepute.

For
purposes of this provision, none of the Executives acts or failures to act shall be considered willful unless the
Executive acts, or fails to act, in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the action or failure to act was in the best interests
of the Company. The Executives actions, or failures to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by
the Board or upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be in good faith and in the best interests
of the Company.

Except
for a failure, breach, or refusal which, by its nature, cannot reasonably be expected to be cured, the Executive shall have 40 business
days from the delivery of written notice by the Company within which to cure any acts constituting Cause.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during the
Employment Term without the Executives prior written consent:

(i)
a material reduction in the Executives Base Salary other than a general reduction in Base Salary that affects all similarly situated
executives in substantially the same proportions;

(ii)
a relocation of the Executives principal place of employment by more than 50 miles;

(iii)
any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement or any material provision of any other agreement between
the Executive and the Company;

(iv)
the Companys failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in
the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such
assumption occurs by operation of law;

(v)
a material, adverse change in the Executives title, authority, duties, or responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Executive
is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law); or

(vi)
a material adverse change in the reporting structure applicable to the Executive.

To
terminate the Executives employment for Good Reason, the Executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence
of the circumstances providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within 15 days of the initial existence of such grounds and the
Company must have at least 10 days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If the Executive does not
terminate the Executives employment for Good Reason within 40 days after the first occurrence of the applicable grounds, then
the Executive will be deemed to have waived the Executives right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds.

5.2
Without Cause or for Good Reason. The Employment Term and the Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause. In the event of such termination, the Executive shall be entitled to receive
the Accrued Amounts and subject to the Executives compliance with Section 6 of this Agreement and the agreements referenced therein
and the Executives execution, within 21 days following receipt, of a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates
and their respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the Release) (such 21-day period, the Release
Execution Period), and the Release becoming effective according to its terms, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following:

(a)
equal installment payments payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly,
which are in the aggregate equal to the Executives Base Salary for the year that includes the date of the Executives termination,
which shall begin within 30 days following the date of the Executives termination and continue until the 2nd anniversary
of the Executives date of termination; provided that, if the Release Execution Period begins in one taxable year and ends in another
taxable year, payments shall not begin until the beginning of the second taxable year; provided further that, the first installment payment
shall include all amounts that would otherwise have been paid to the Executive during the period beginning on the date of the Executives
termination and ending on the first payment date if no delay had been imposed;

(b)
If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1985 (COBRA), the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for the Executive
and the Executives dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the first of the month immediately following
the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until
the earliest of: (i) the twelve-month anniversary of the date of the Executives termination; (ii) the date the Executive is no
longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive receives substantially similar coverage
from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Companys making payments under this Section 5.2(b)
would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered, insured group health plans under the Affordable Care Act (the
ACA), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder,
the parties agree to reform this Section 5.2(b) in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA.

(c)
Notwithstanding the terms of the Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp. Equity Incentive Plan and all successor plans or any applicable award
agreements:

(i)
all outstanding equity-based compensation awards that do not vest based on the attainment of performance goals shall become fully vested
and the restrictions thereon shall lapse; provided that, any delays in the settlement or payment of such awards that are set forth in
the applicable award agreement and that are required under Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Code) shall remain in effect; and

(ii)
all outstanding equity-based compensation awards that vest based on the attainment of performance goals shall remain outstanding and
shall vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements, if the applicable performance goals are satisfied.

5.3
Change in Control Termination.

(a)
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the Executives employment hereunder is terminated by the Executive for
Good Reason or by the Company on account of its failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with Section 1 or without Cause (other than
on account of the Executives death or Disability), in each case three months before or twelve (12) months following a Change in
Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and subject to the Executives compliance with Section
6 of this Agreement and the Executives execution of a Release which becomes effective within 21 days following the Termination
Date, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one and a half (1) times the sum of the Executives
Base Salary for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (or if greater, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change
in Control occurs), which shall be paid within 30 days following the Termination Date; provided that, if the Release Execution Period
begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, payment shall not be made until the beginning of the second taxable year.

(b)
If the Executive timely and properly elects health plan continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall reimburse the Executive
for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for the Executive and the Executives dependents. Such reimbursement shall
be paid to the Executive on the first of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment.
The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the twelve-month anniversary of the Termination
Date; (ii) the date the Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive
receives substantially similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Companys
payments under this Section 5.3(b) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non- grandfathered, insured group plans under
the ACA, or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA, the parties agree to reform this Section 5.3(b) in a manner as is necessary
to comply with the ACA.

(c)
Notwithstanding the terms of any equity incentive plan or award agreements, as applicable:

(i)
all outstanding unvested stock options granted to the Executive during the Employment Term shall become fully vested and exercisable
for the remainder of their full term;

(ii)
all outstanding equity-based compensation awards, that do not vest based on the attainment of performance goals shall become fully vested
and the restrictions thereon shall lapse; provided that, any delays in the settlement or payment of such awards that are set forth in
the applicable award agreement and that are required under Section 409A shall remain in effect; and

(iii)
all outstanding equity-based compensation awards, that vest based on the attainment of performance goals shall remain outstanding and
shall vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements, if the applicable performance goals are satisfied.

(d)
For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the Effective
Date:

(i)
one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with the stock held
by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of such corporation;
provided that, a Change in Control shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group) owns more than 50% of the
total fair market value or total voting power of the Companys stock and acquires additional stock;

(ii)
one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of
the most recent acquisition) ownership of the Companys stock possessing 30% or more of the total voting power of the Companys
stock;

(iii)
a majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not
endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of appointment or election; or

(iv)
the sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not occur unless such transaction constitutes a change in the ownership of the Company, a
change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets
under Section 409A.

5.4
Death or Disability.

(a)
The Executives employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executives death during the Employment Term,
and the Company may terminate the Executives employment on account of the Executives Disability.

(b)
If the Executives employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executives death or Disability,
the Executive (or the Executives estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i)
the Accrued Amounts; and

(ii)
a lump sum payment equal to the Annual Bonus, if any, that the Executive would have earned for the fiscal year that includes the date
of the Executives termination based on the achievement of applicable performance goals for such year, which shall be payable on
the date that annual bonuses are paid to the Companys similarly situated executives, but in no event later than two-and-a-half
(2 1/2) months following the end of the fiscal year that includes the date of the Executives termination.

Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, all payments made in connection with the Executives Disability shall be provided in a manner
which is consistent with federal and state law.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Executives inability, due to physical or mental incapacity,
to perform the essential functions of the Executives job, with or without reasonable accommodation, for one hundred eighty (180)
days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period or one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days. Any question as to the existence
of the Executives Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified
independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company
and the Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

5.5
Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executives employment hereunder by the Company or by the Executive during
the Employment Term (other than termination pursuant to Section 5.4(a) on account of the Executives death) shall be communicated
by written notice of termination (Notice of Termination) to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 15. The Notice
of Termination shall specify:

(a)
the termination provision of this Agreement relied upon;

(b)
to the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment
under the provision so indicated; and

(c)
the applicable date of termination, which shall be no less than 30 days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered
if the Company terminates the Executives employment without Cause, or no less than 30 days following the date on which the Notice
of Termination is delivered if the Executive terminates the Executives employment with or without Good Reason; provided that,
the Company shall have the option to provide the Executive with a lump sum payment in lieu of such notice.

5.6
Resignation of All Other Positions. Upon termination of the Executives employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive
shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof)
of the Company or any of its affiliates.

6.
Confidential Information and Restrictive Covenants. As a condition of the Executives employment with the Company, the Executive
shall enter into and abide by the Companys Restrictive Covenant Agreement, attached hereto and incorporation herein as Exhibit
A.

7.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Nevada
without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought
only in a state or federal court located in the state of Nevada, county of Washoe. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.
This provision remains in full force and effect upon change of situs of the corporation to any other jurisdiction.

8.
Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement, together with the Restrictive Covenant Agreement, contains
all of the understandings and representations between the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such
subject matter.

9.
Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed
to in writing and signed by the Executive and by the Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directors of the Company. No waiver by
either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the
other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent
time.

10.
Severability. Should any provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as
provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein.

11.
Captions. Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision
of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

12.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

13.
Section 409A.

13.1
General Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and
administered in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement
may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any nonqualified deferred
compensation payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation
from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section
409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this
Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section
409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may
be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

13.2
Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to the Executive
in connection with the Executives termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A and the Executive is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i),
then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the date
of the Executives termination or, if earlier, on the Executives death (the Specified Employee Payment Date).
The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to the Executive
in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance
with their original schedule.

13.3
Reimbursements. To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall
be provided in accordance with the following:

(a)
the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

(b)
any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and

(c)
any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

13.4
Section 280G.

(a)
If any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by the Executive (including, without limitation, any payments or benefits
received in connection with a Change in Control or the Executives termination of employment, whether pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement, or agreement, or otherwise) (all such payments collectively referred to herein as the
280G Payments) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and will be subject
to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), the Company shall pay to the Executive, no later
than the time such Excise Tax is required to be paid by the Executive or withheld by the Company, an additional amount equal to the sum
of the Excise Tax payable by the Executive, plus the amount necessary to put the Executive in the same after-tax position (taking into
account any and all applicable federal, state, and local excise, income, or other taxes at the highest applicable rates on such 280G
Payments and on any payments under this Section 5.9 or otherwise) as if no Excise Tax had been imposed.

(b)
All calculations and determinations under this Section 5.9 shall be made by an independent accounting firm or independent tax counsel
appointed by the Company (the Tax Counsel) whose determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the
Executive for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 5.9, the Tax Counsel
may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the
Code. The Company and the Executive shall furnish the Tax Counsel with such information and documents as the Tax Counsel may reasonably
request in order to make its determinations under this Section 5.9. The Company shall bear all costs the Tax Counsel may reasonably incur
in connection with its services.

14.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported
assignment by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement
to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all
of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

15.
Notice. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be given in writing by personal delivery, electronic
delivery, or by registered mail to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses as specified by the parties
by like notice):

If
to the Company:

Dragonfly
Energy Holdings Corp.

12915
Old Virginia Rd

Reno,
NV 89521

Attn:
General Counsel

If
to the Executive:

Vickram
Singh

16.
Representations of the Executive. The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that:

The
Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of the Executives duties hereunder will not conflict
with or result in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which the Executive is
a party or is otherwise bound.

The
Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of the Executives duties hereunder will not violate
any non-solicitation, non-competition, or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer or third-party.

17.
Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes
in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

18.
Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto
shall survive such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

19.
Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND
VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS
AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF THE EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

By /s/
Denis Phares

Name: Denis
Phares

Title: CEO

EXECUTIVE

Signature: /s/
Vickram Singh 

Print
Name: Vickram
Singh 

RESTRICTIVE
COVENANT AGREEMENT

As
a condition of my being retained as an employee of Dragonfly Energy Holdings Corp., its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns
(together, the Company), and in consideration of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) paid to me by Company, I agree to the following:

1.
Non-Compete. I shall not, at any time during the period of my employment with the Company and for 1 year immediately following
the termination of my employment with the Company (collectively, the Non-compete Period), and within a 100-mile radius
of the corporate office location at the time of termination of employment. During the Non-compete Period, I will not directly or indirectly
engage in, provide services to, have any equity interest in (except as a holder of less than 2% of the combined voting power of the outstanding
stock of a publicly held company) or consulting relationship with, or manage or operate any person, firm, corporation, partnership or
other business that competes with the business of the Company within the energy storage industry (whether as director, officer, employee,
agent, representative, partner, security holder, consultant or otherwise).

2.
Non-Disclosure and Non-Use of Confidential Information. I will at all times during the term of my employment and at all times
thereafter, maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), and will not, directly or indirectly, disclose
any of the Confidential Information to any person or entity, except as is strictly necessary in the performance of my assigned duties
as an employee of the Company or as required by law or legal process. In addition, I will not at any time during the term of my employment
or at any time thereafter use any of the Confidential Information for my direct or indirect benefit, or the direct or indirect benefit
of any person or entity other than the Company. The fact that any information or data is not marked as confidential or proprietary shall
not adversely affect its status as Confidential Information. I understand that the term Confidential Information shall
mean all technical, financial, commercial and other information and data, without regard to form or medium, relating to the Company or
any of its actual or prospective customers that is not generally known to the public. However, any information and data which becomes
generally known to the public because of my failure to abide by this Agreement or anothers breach of confidentiality obligations
with respect to such information will be considered Confidential Information. By way of illustration, I understand that Confidential
Information includes, but is not limited to, the following kinds of information and data: customer and prospect lists; pricing information;
information relating to actual or prospective transactions with customers; technology; inventions; know-how; computer codes and instructions;
business or market studies; business and product development plans and efforts; personnel data; and information, financial or otherwise,
relating to the Companys actual and prospective customers, consultants, contractors and vendors and the nature and terms of the
Companys relationship with any of them.

3.
Former Employee Information. I represent that I have abided by any and all policies, directives, requirements and restrictions
on the part of my current and previous employers concerning possession and use of proprietary information or property and that I will
not disclose to the Company or use any such information or property in connection with my employment with the Company in violation of
any such policies, directives, requirements or restrictions.

4.
Third Party Information. I recognize that the Company has received and in the future will receive confidential or proprietary
information from third parties subject to a duty on the Companys part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and
to use it only for certain limited purposes. I agree to hold any such confidential or proprietary information that I have access to in
the strictest confidence and not to disclose it to any person, firm or corporation or to use it except as necessary in carrying out my
work for the Company consistent with the Companys policies and agreements with any such third party and in compliance with all
securities and other laws and regulations.

5.
Property. I will not remove or transfer from any of the Companys offices or premises any materials or property of the Company
(including, without limitation, materials and property containing Confidential Information), except as is strictly necessary in the performance
of my assigned duties as an employee. Promptly upon the Companys request, and in any event promptly upon the termination of my
employment, I will return to the Company all materials and property that I removed and I will not retain copies of any of such materials
and property.

6.
Assignment of Inventions. I agree that I will promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the
sole right and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, all my right, title and interest throughout
the world in and to any and all inventions, discoveries, original works of authorship and derivative works thereof, developments, concepts,
know-how, improvements, trademarks or trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright, trademark or similar laws,
which I may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice,
during the term of my employment, whether during working hours or otherwise, in each case in any manner related to the Companys
actual or anticipated business (collectively referred to as Inventions). I further acknowledge that all Inventions which
are original works of authorship or otherwise constitute copyrightable subject matter are works made for hire within the
meaning of the United States Copyright Act and any similar laws of other jurisdictions (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable
law) and are compensated by my salary, and to the extent any such work is determined not to be a work for hire, that I
will assign to the Company any such original work of authorship as its exclusive property. I agree to keep and maintain adequate and
current written records of all Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of my employment with the Company,
which notes shall be and remain property of the Company. I hereby waive and irrevocably quitclaim to the Company any and all claims,
of any nature whatsoever, which I may now or hereafter have for infringement of any and all proprietary rights assigned to the Company.
I agree, whether before or after termination of my employment with the Company, to assist the Company (at its expense), or in every reasonable
way to secure the Companys rights in the Inventions and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, mask work rights, moral rights, or
other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries.

6.
Non-Solicitation. During my employment with the Company and for a period of 1 year after the termination of my employment with
the Company, whether such termination is with or without cause, and whether such termination is effected by either the Company or me,
I will not, directly or indirectly, for myself or any third party other than the Company (i) recruit or solicit or request the employment
or services of any person who is an employee of the Company, or entice any employee of the Company to leave the employ of the Company,
or to violate any agreement with the Company; or (ii) solicit sales from any of the Companys customers for any product or service
which competes with any product or service sold or provided by the Company prior to my termination of my employment with the Company
or which, at the time of the termination of my employment with the Company is intended to be sold or provided by the Company to any customer
or potential customer (including in connection with any pending or proposed transactions), and about which I had access to Confidential
Information or on which I worked in any capacity at any time during my employment with the Company. I acknowledge that the limitations
of time and scope of activity agreed to above are reasonable because, among other things, the Company is engaged in a highly competitive
industry and these limitations are necessary to protect the trade secrets, Confidential Information, and goodwill of the Company. I further
acknowledge that I will be able to obtain suitable employment in my chosen profession without violating this Agreement should my employment
with the Company end.

7.
Returning Company Documents. I agree that, at the time of termination of my employment with the Company, I will deliver to the
Company (and will not keep in my possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, customer or prospect lists,
data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, laboratory notebooks, materials,
flow charts, equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any aforementioned items developed by me pursuant to my employment
or otherwise belonging to the Company, its or any of its successors or assigns. I further agree that any property situated on the Companys
premises and owned by the Company including, computers, software, printers, voicemail, email, telephones, facsimile, disks and other
storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by Company personnel at any time with or without notice.
In the event of the termination of my employment, I agree to sign a certification reaffirming my obligations under this Agreement.

8.
Notification to Other Parties. I hereby grant consent to notification by the Company to any other parties besides the Company
with whom I maintain, or may hereafter maintain, an employment or consulting relationship, including parties with whom such relationship
commences after the effective date of this Agreement, of my rights and obligations under this Agreement.

9.
No Restrictions. I certify that I am not subject to any employment contract, non-compete agreement, non-solicitation agreement
or other similar restrictions or agreements, except as disclosed in writing to the Companys Compensation Committee and Chief Legal
Officer. I further represent that I will not be breaching any such agreement or restriction by accepting employment with the Company
and performing my duties in connection therewith. I represent and warrant that all information that I have furnished and that I will
furnish to the Company in connection with my employment with the Company is or will be true and complete.

12.
Survival of Provisions; Amendment; Assignment. My obligations as set forth in this Agreement will survive the termination of my
employment with the Company. None of the provisions contained in this Agreement can be changed without a written agreement signed by
each of me and the Company. I acknowledge that I have no right or power to assign this Agreement. I also acknowledge that the Company
may freely assign this Agreement in connection with any merger, reorganization, sale of all or any material portion of its assets, or
any similar transaction.

13.
Equitable Relief. If I breach or threaten to breach any provision of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled, as a matter
of right, to injunctive relief, including specific performance, with respect to any such breach or threatened breach. The Companys
rights and remedies under this Section 13 are in addition to and cumulative with any other rights and remedies to which the Company may
be entitled.

14.
Severability. I acknowledge that the obligations and restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to
protect the legitimate interests of the Company. Each provision in this Agreement is an independent provision and the enforceability
of any one provision will not affect the enforceability of any other provision. However, if any particular provision of this Agreement
is determined by a court to be excessively broad as to duration, geographic scope, activity or subject to be enforceable, then that provision
will be deemed amended by limiting and reducing it so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the laws of
such jurisdiction.

15.
No Waiver of Rights; Binding Obligation. Any waiver by the Company of any power or right under this Agreement must be in writing
and signed by the Company to be enforceable. Any waiver by the Company will not operate as a waiver of any other or future breach under
this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon me and my heirs, executors and administrators and will inure to the benefit of the
Company and its successors and assigns.

16.
Governing Law; Choice of Forum and Venue. This Agreement will be governed and construed as to its validity, interpretation and
effect by the laws of Nevada notwithstanding the choice of law rules of Nevada or any other jurisdiction that would dictate application
of the laws of any other jurisdiction. I also hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue
of the state and federal courts serving Washoe County, Nevada. These provisions remain in full force in effect, regardless of any change
in situs of the company.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this Agreement as of the date written below.

EXECUTIVE

Signature: 

Print
Name: Vickram
Singh
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dfli-20250201.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dfli-20250201_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dfli-20250201_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dfli-20250201_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 01, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40730

Entity Registrant Name DRAGONFLY
ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001847986

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1873463

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 12915
Old Virginia Road

Entity Address, City or Town Reno

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89521

City Area Code (775)

Local Phone Number 622-3448

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DFLI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, exercisable
for common stock

Trading Symbol DFLIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DFLI_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DFLI_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://dragonflyenergy.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dfli-20250201.xsd 
dfli-20250201_def.xml 
dfli-20250201_lab.xml 
dfli-20250201_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005013-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001847986 

2025-02-01 
2025-02-01 

0001847986 

DFLI:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-01 
2025-02-01 

0001847986 

DFLI:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForCommonStockMember 

2025-02-01 
2025-02-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001847986 
8-K 
2025-02-01 
DRAGONFLY ENERGY HOLDINGS CORP. 
NV 
001-40730 
85-1873463 
12915 Old Virginia Road 
Reno 
NV 
89521 
(775) 
622-3448 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DFLI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for common stock 
DFLIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>